It boggles my mind that Jim Carrey is one of the highest paid actors out there. This movie, and the one he appeared in following it, are unbelievably awful. I am a huge fan of movies that have a lot of absurd humor (i.e. The Naked Gun, Airplane) but this movie has none of the qualities of the aforementioned films. These films utilize slapstick/absurdist humor, as opposed to Carrey's running gag of distorted faces and talking out of his a**. Even if you liked Jim Carrey's brand of humor, wouldn't it get old after thirty minutes or so... This one is a real dud in my opinion, I give it NO STARS!
Jim Carrey plays Ace Ventura a man who will find your lost pets for you. When the Miami Dolphins mascot (a real dolphin, as if you couldn't guess) is dolphin napped he is hired and must get to the bottom of it and find out where it is, who has it and why they took it.
I watched this years ago a couple of times and I was younger, and even then this movie did nothing for me. It is way over the top cheesy and just not my thing. I never liked the kind of comedy that uses stupid antics and characters to make you laugh. I mightve laughed or grinned at best a few times while watching this film, but I think it is stupid.
I like Jim Carrey and think he's a funny person and love his old stand up, but his early movies like this and Mask were just too cheesy for me. I see a movie like this being good for kids, only they try to aim it at adults and make it PG-13 which kills the young kid audience from seeing it and to me they are the only ones who would get it and actually find it funny.
Carrey is a good actor but does nothing for me here, Courtney Cox is a dry boring actress too. Tone Loc was still able to get work back then and he was thrown in the cast, but does nothing for me. Dan Marino can't act and sports figures shouldn't try, Sean young sucks and the casting was bad. I loved tiny roles featuring the great Randall Tex Cobb and Alice Drummond. The directing was crap as well as all production values.. I did love that Carrey insisted on having his favorite band Cannibal Corpse involved in the movie.. They are great.
I don´t like Jim Carrey and his acting. His facial expressions and gestures are funny, but just when seen the first time. Who wants to watch a picture of lunatic man longer than ten minutes? The story is also very silly. I suppose this movie was made for five-year-old kids. Then it serves its purposes better. The only good thing in this movie is Courteney Cox who could maybe become a big star. In my opinion, Jim Carrey's career can´t last a long time if he keeps on making movies like this.
I don't find this film offers anything. Stupid over the top acting by Carrey and just way too childish, its bad. 1/10 STARS
It's mainly because of Ace Ventura. He's just too much here, too much to the point where it's just stupid and VERY annoying and just not funny. He was a lot better in The Mask and Bruce Almighty, but here, it's just too much. I don't understand why people find Jim Carrey doing dumb faces or saying dumb things hilarious, it's really not. It's just stupid. How was this a hit film? How did it do it? Did people really watch crap like this? Because honestly, that's like watching Chris Crocker kiss another man, I mean seriously, it's just NOT FUNNY! It's just so bad, and people are saying "no it's not Jim Carrey, he did amazing" no, honestly, it WAS him, because he was just too much here, and it's just not funny, it's stupid. Definitely a 1/10, an abysmal film, watching it was worse than cutting up my butt with razor blades and rolling in a pile of salt.
Well my wife made me watch it. It was the WORST movie I have ever seen ,but then again that should not have surprised me....it starred Jim Carrey. His constant 'mugging' for the camera has gotten old before it even became amusing. Don't waste your time like I wasted mine.
Starts well enough, though quite forced and cringey at times. But ultimately the plot twist is just utterly transphobic... My advise: steer clear of this, there are plenty of actually good Jim Carrey movies to watch.
...and that being fake talking buttocks. Yes, that's the humor mentality that drives this trashy comedy that took another sketch comic from TV and moved them into the big screen. Carrey's schtick can get pretty tired really fast, and while he tried to tone it down in later films, did not have a memorable start in spite of box office success. The fact that his idiocy doesn't get him punched out (or worse) is head shaking. So once teenage boys and post teenage boys who never matured got him onto the list of top box office draws. For the rest of us, we stuck with our Hope and Crosby "Road" collection.
I did laugh a few times (especially at the mincing muscle man whom Carrey for some reason checks out while using the urinal, followed by the eye roll), but I have to say, these films do not hold up with the exception of a few sequences taken out of context. I can't say if I would have laughed more when I was younger, but I really doubt it would have been much more. Ace Ventura is simply crude, idiotic and beyond annoying in every single aspect.
So for the plot...it surrounds the escapades of the moronic pet detective hired to find the Miami dolphin's mascot, kidnapped right before the super bowl. Ventura, who has a collection of some cute (and not so cute) wild creatures, and perhaps they understand him, because he's definitely not human. What moments I did laugh at were almost embarrassing to me, and as a result, I could barely make it through.
I'm going to make this short and sweet: If you value your brain cells, don't watch "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective." Maybe it's funny to little kids, or to highly immature adolescents, but it shouldn't be funny to any self-respecting adult.
Jim Carrey acts like an absolute idiot the entire film, and it's very irritating to watch. I can't believe the movie got a sequel. That says a lot about society, and that fact scares me. This movie, and its sequel, pander to the lowest common denominator and that's a problem. There should be higher standards for what movies get the "green light" in Hollywood than this.
I remember not liking this movie when I was a kid, and recently a friend asked me to watch it again, thinking I'd have a different opinion of it now. Well, nothing's changed. I still think the movie sucksand so should you!
The plot is so stupid. Jim Carrey is a pet detective who gets called in to help investigate the disappearance of Miami Dolphins' mascot, Snowflake, a rare bottle-nosed dolphin. Come to find out that the individual responsible for stealing the dolphin is the police captain who just so happens to be a man dressed in drag, although played by a woman, who used to be a disgraced field goal kicker for the Miami Dolphins. What? What a waste of time! What an insult to the intelligence. I can't believe this is the movie that catapulted Jim Carrey to superstardom.
That's not to say I have anything against Jim Carrey, I do like some of his movies, "Liar, Liar" in particular, but this movie just plain sucks. Do yourself a favor and avoid it like the flu. If you don't, you just might find yourself exhibiting similar symptoms nausea.
I remember loving this movie back in the day when i was a kid and didnt know better, but after growing up and coming out as trans, the movie kinda stings
i can understand the whole "reveal and disgrace the plot villain" part, just the problem being humiliating a trans girl doesnt carry over well to the modern day when thats developed into a culture of open hostility towards us as a comedy movie goes its alright, just given theres too many lowbrow people who would take it as validation of their bigotry, its a problem
Its so bad we are taunting our friend for recommending it