I think to put Steve martin to be compared with peter sellers is an insult. they could not choose a worse pathetic untalented actor. If you want to continue the film without Sellers you have to find someone with at least same respect as a comedian who can perform as close as possible to the original actor who made the series a success. Martin has nothing to compare with Peter Sellers, lousy humor of martin cant reach the class of Sellers. I cant understand how can directors make such a bad choice, they will be punished from low audience. I was a big lover of this series and I am greatly disappointed even angry with this, I hope they will realise and choose someone else if there is gonna be a next one.I expected this movie to be really good but instead I was disappointed with the boring performance by all the actors in this movie it was just dull and pointless, the story went nowhere and for me it was not even that funny at all! The only funny part was the hamburger part where he's trying to say the word with an American accent but that was shown in the commercials so much that it ruined it for the movie! Steve Martin has done so much better in his other movies such as Cheaper By The Dozen that this was such a let down! I don't recommend watching this you'll only walk out of the theater yawning! I give it a 1/10! Not to mention how boring Beyonce was and then it all ends up being some professional trainer guy who steals the diamond, i'd be better off watching the cartoon at home!I knew I would be dragged to the theatre (my girlfriend is a Steve Martin fan). So I ensured she watched the The Return of The Pink Panther (the best of the original series with Peter Sellers). She didn't find it funny enough, but did accept that, for the time the jokes were new and that Sellers as Clouseu was exceptional. But the original is still a great film. From exotic locales to a stellar cast to an intelligent script -it had it all. This version is a bore. It is by far one of the most unimaginative scripts ever written for a comedy film. Steve Martin tries to be funny and fails miserably throughout. It looks like he didn't even study Sellers' Clouseau or wanted to do his own version (our advice: don't try and improve upon perfection). The jokes and gags for the greater part of the film were predictable and childish. Beyonce, the actor, is useless. Only Jean Reno as Ponton was somewhat tolerable. Even the accents, that were so funny in the original, are a damp squib in this one. Steve Martin's french accent is as authentic as a Chinese Frankfurter. The lesser said about Kevin Kline in this film, the better. Overall avoidable on any format. Go watch the original. That's a class act.From the beginning I knew a prequel to the PINK PANTHER series would be an abomination. I did not, however, think it would be worse than I expected. I went to see the movie because I am a fan of Steve Martin and his writing. His attempt at either imitating or recreating the Clouseau role (whichever it was) was, in the very least, a failed accomplishment. The beauty of the Sellers "Clouseau" was the subtlety that Sellers brought to the character. He was clumsy as opposed to stupid. The real humor in the originals is that Clouseau would solve the case, more or less, by accident through his faults. Thus when he received acclaim it was that much more humorous. Martin's "Clouseau" is stupid and vain and has no likable traits. He actually has some police skills that help him in the end, but are not in the vain of Clouseau. He is NOT Clouseau. Why would anyone want to recreate a character that was perfect? Some may say to introduce the series to a new generation. I say buy the DVDs. They are well worth the investment. There is one good scene in the film, which revolves around a cameo by Clive Owen. Granted the scene contains inside jokes but if you get them then you'll laugh. However the scene has nothing to do with the story of the film and Steve Martin should be ashamed of himself for writing such rubbish. The bottom line Peter Sellers must turning over in his grave, but I am sure he's glad he is dead so he does not have to see his legacy damaged.One four letter word is all that is needed to sum this piece of tripe up, and it sure as hell isn't good, okay or fair. I hated it, it is insult not only to the original but also to Martin who seems to have taken to doing these god-awful remakes that in fact only serve to butcher the memory and heritage of the original film.Sellars turned a star performance in the Original and while it was extremely silly, it was not childish.I would suggest a better use of your time would be to drill a hole through your hand. I therefore poo poo this film utterly and without remorse.All the jokes are very predictable, there is nothing new in the story. Steve Martin is once again OVERRATED and after 15 minutes you want to leave the movie theater.To be very honest there are only two good jokes and parts of the soundtrack is very good.Sometimes the background out of focus is more interesting to watch than Steve Martin. Hopefully they won't make a DVD of this film!When I saw the film eight people were watching and only one guy were laughing.I found a total waste of time and money!Hollywood decision-makers have either no brains or no b#%*s -- or both. The Stink Panther is yet another example of a remake gone south. It takes such gall to defile a classic like The Pink Panther.Who does Steve Martin think he is? Why didn't they just dig up Peter Sellers' corpse and urinate on it? It would have been funnier and Peter Sellers would have thought it more dignified.I'm told 3000 scripts come to Hollywood every month. It is not conceivable so many are so horrible that The Stink Panther must prevail. What a waste of money. Steve Martin should give his salary back. I wish I could get back the money I paid for the tickets.Hey, Hollywood Bigwigs, get your heads out of your a%&*s and show some b#%*s. Showcase some new talent and get out of this horrid trend of insulting the intelligence of the American people with s*^%#y remakes.One can only hope The Return of the Stink Panther 2 is not on some storyboard, surrounded by idiots who have never ventured east of the San Diego Freeway.I knew, of course I knew it couldn't really be anything like the original - The word original in itself tells you something. But I went because I love and respect Steve Martin and thought that perhaps he had some ace up his sleeve and was going to delight and surprise everybody. Stupid me, really. But I couldn't possibly have imagine that the movie was going to be the moronic disaster it turned out to be. Not a moment of real comedy, not a moment! Leave poor Clouseau in peace! Invent something new! Greed, I imagine is at the center of it all. The famous franchise syndrome. Let's beat the whole thing to death, without realizing that it's been dead now for quite some time. The scenes between Kevin Kline and Steve Martin should have been classic (They were funnier in Grand Canyon) instead a sad forced unconvincing attempt to justify their pay checks. I'm totally disappointed and depressed.I really don't understand Steve Martin!! First he tries dismally to revive the late great Phil Silvers character "Sergeant Bilko" and now he also has tried to revive equally dismally the late great Peter Sellers character "inspector Jacques Clouseau".Now don't get me wrong, I am a fan of Steve Martin but as I was checking out his movie history it dawned on me that he hasn't been funny in almost twenty years! If he had retired after "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" he would have had almost the perfect movie career. And would now be remembered as a legend of comedy just like Sellers and Silvers.But as with most actors, he doesn't know when to quit and he has now starred in two decades of Turkeys. Bowfinger is perhaps the only exception.Now back to the Pink Panther. It is a truly an awful film. His performance is lame to say the least. Peter Sellers Clouseau was a masterpiece; Martin is comparison a pale imitation. The problem is Martin has run out of original ideas. Like an aging pop star that has ran out of original material, he has reduced himself to singing covers.But in the Circus that is Hollywood one should always seek the high wire and never be the clown. So therefore perhaps its time Martin called it a day.Having seen the Pink Panther series since its inception. The characters are known entities with built-in personalities and comedic value.Why then is the corpse of Peter Sellers spinning like the Bush Press corp.This is a turkey that must be killed, to save the memory and comedic value of the prequels.Adding Beyonce? Take the bitch behind the barn and leave her there. We saw enough of her empty headedness in Austin Powers. (leaving that series in stinkville).The best part of the film and the most telling is Steve Martin's (Clouseau) ignorance of the sound proof booth, giving him the chance to fart in private. Too bad Steve, not even a sound proof booth can keep the audience from smelling and hearing this stinker.