Will Farrell tea bagging a drum set is not funny. John C. Reilly in bicycle shorts or a Chewbacca mask is not funny. The two stars pulverizing a playground full of eleven-year-olds is also, you guessed it, not funny. In fact, it is desperate and pathetic.It is small consolation that one of the egregious scenes in the movie takes place after the credits roll. Unfortunately though, the aisles and exits at the theatre I saw Step Brothers at were clogged with spectators who, beyond any intelligible reason as far as I can tell, were amused enough by the first 100 minutes to stick around for the encore, so I was stuck.I find it necessary to qualify my above remarks, as well as those I have not yet written down, by saying I do not object to raunchy, low-brow humor. Any one of the images mentioned in the lead of this review could have been as funny as the pie scene in American Pie or the testicle/zipper shot in There's Something About Mary. But there needs to be some context and perhaps a little motivation as well. We need to know why something is funny, and understand how it fits in with the world its movie occupies. The images themselves do not suffice, no matter how shocking or disgusting.If you are not yet familiar with the general set-up of Step Brothers through the movie's excessively aggressive and ubiquitous marketing campaign, it is rather simple. Will Farrell and John C. Reilly play two slacker children- one is forty years old and the other is pushing forty with a short stick- whose successful, motivated single parents get married, and therefore begin the weirdest Brady Bunch type family in movie history. Farrell and Reilly's characters hate each other upon sight and bicker insufferably until they realize they are cut from the same degenerate cloth and then become best pals.Eventually, the father, a revered and important physician played by Richard Jenkins, becomes so enraged by the overgrown adolescents' antics, that he delivers an ultimatum to them. Get jobs and move out by the end of the month. I feel this is all the plot exposition this film deserves, because Step Brothers is more about a series of failed gags and profanity for profanity's sake.I consider myself to have a very high tolerance for explicit, raunchy sexual behavior and an even higher tolerance for foul language, but even I found Step Brothers to be puke-inducing, more than a bit rough. Remember the tea bagging scene mentioned in the lead. We do get to see every hairy inch of Will Farrell's scrotum. It does not advance the plot. It is not the logical conclusion of a series of events. It is not executed with any sort of subtlety or surprise, it is telegraphed a week ahead of time. It serves no function whatsoever except to show Will Farrell's testicles because Farrell, who co-wrote the script with director Adam McKay, thinks it is funny. It is not, and neither are the endless gags which continually use sex, genitalia, cursing, etc. as bludgeons. It is not so much a movie as an exercise in arbitrary weirdness and manic perversion.The clerk who sold me my ticket said that while most of the younger audiences seemed to love the film, many middle-aged moviegoers had left the film enraged, demanding to be refunded. To me, this does not demonstrate a schism in tolerance, but a schism in taste. Today's middle-aged moviegoer grew up with Animal House and Porky's, and was quick to embrace the aforementioned American Pie and There's Something About Mary. And anybody willing to put down ten bucks to see a movie starring the man behind Old School must have been prepared for some politically incorrect humor. However, in Step Brothers it is not funny, just depressing, mean-spirited and reprehensible.Even more depressing, is the fact that there is a kernel of a good idea here. There is endless comedic possibility of two social misfits with Peter Pan complexes who are seemingly oblivious to all real world expectations. Unfortunately, this movie is completely unwilling to push the frontiers of any sort of substance whatsoever. It just falls back on the same safe, broad humor that so many of Farrell's previous efforts are marked by. Worse yet, is that the two lead characters' quirks are made less interesting by the supporting characters in the movie. Everybody is pretty much the exact same. Even the supposed smart, successful people in Step Brothers behave like social deviants, giving Farrell and Reilly nothing to bounce their energy off of. They hardly even stand out as weirdos. Even the straight-laced father succumbs to visions of being a T-Rex. It is not a fantasy, but a goal.There is something potentially fascinating about a successful doctor who aspires to be a member of a different species, one that is extinct to boot, but like so much of the rest of the movie, the joke is undercut by the tone of the rest of the film. The undeniable chemistry between Farrell and Reilly is the only thing that makes this film supportable. They really embody these characters and go all the way with them. Unfortunately, that is all the way to the toilet. The film displays many symptoms of Farrell's classic "Ain't I cute" syndrome.This film makes the classic mistake of believing goofiness is an adequate substitute for wit. All comedy writers, directors, and actors would serve themselves well to observe a few basic lessons. Smart people are funnier than dumb people. Secure, well-adjusted people are funnier than zany outcasts. And most importantly, a bad gag done loudly is even more annoying than the same bad gag performed at a humble volume.In a summer of surprisingly strong major studio releases, Step Brothers does what it can to taint the cinematic gene pool.I hate this movie. It is degrading to the intelligence of anyone who actually condescends to watching it, it offers nothing of worth in any category and it loses itself in a festering ball of pathetic, sorry ass-felching crap that I would rather have a root canal than watch again. It's about two thirty or forty year old guys who live with their single parents. When the parents end up meeting at a business conference of sorts, the two men are forced to try and get along. Well, they don't, and what follows is a gamut of immature genitalia jokes, farting jokes, masturbation jokes and, to top it all off, Will Ferrell's balls rubbing on a drum set. I swear I'm not making that up.So, yeah, the jokes are by far the worst part. Will Ferrell had a hand in writing this screenplay, and to that I say, don't let this man touch any more scripts. Seriously, this is awful. Do you still think jokes about penises and masturbating are hilarious? Do you like watching grown men cry and shout curses at each other at the top of their lungs? Well, then, you're a disgrace to humanity, and this movie is for you! Every moment of this godforsaken piece of cinematic bowel cancer is just painful, every last minute of it. It's clear that there is a story trying to happen here, but when you have dialogue about wanting someone to crawl into your vagina and live there, well, it's a bit hard to let it blossom. I swear, I'm not making that up, either.The worst part about this movie is that our two main characters are supposed to be likable, more so than Will Ferrell's brother character, played by Adam Scott. The brother is made out to be a horrible, obnoxious and rude person who takes pleasure in talking down to and humiliating his older brother, who, if I might remind you, is forty years old and living at home. Yeah, this movie wants us to feel sorry for Will Ferrell and his new buddy, but the problem is that they're even worse and more asinine than the brother is! It doesn't work as an inspirational coming-of-age story not just because the two characters are already OF age, but because we don't like the two main characters! They're insipid, shallow, rude assholes and I just wanted to shoot them for the better part of the story. It doesn't work as a comedy because nothing is funny, it's just sad.Yeah, and there's one part where they try to bury each other alive, which is where the movie officially hits an all time low. It's like something you'd read out of a tabloid newspaper column after you've already read through everything worth reading. Or maybe like something off of one of the online 'weird news' categories. It's pathetic, and all it really does is make you embarrassed to still be watching this movie.So then we get the end of the movie, which turns things around and sees the two guys reforming themselves and starting to live real lives. It is kind of nice, at least as an apology for the rest of the insufferable crap on here, but in the context of the movie? It's like two completely different films mashed together, and it's even kind of insulting that a movie that features insurmountable levels of grotesque and puerile farces against the film industry's integrity would actually try to have, in the same movie as the dialogue about crawling into a woman's vagina, a "moment" between the two brothers. Yes, we're expected now to put down our barf bags and pick up a tissue box. Good god.Well, I don't buy it. This movie is wretched. It is unpleasant, it is unfunny and most of all it is mostly unwatchable. I've never seen anything quite so shameless. This whole movie is actively detestable and hateable. Never before have I seen a movie that made me feel quite this dirty. If you think this movie is funny then you have terrible taste in comedy. Utterly worthless tripe on every level.I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!!!!I wasn't expecting much from this. I did not like Talladega so I knew I will not like this. I saw it because of the good comments it received here. The film depicts two grown up men playing teenagers. Both have a huge parental complex and cannot live if the umbilical is broken. They become step brothers and their behaviour is very predictable. They hate each other in the beginning and they start doing the same old: pranks on one another. Unfortunately, the jokes and ideas these two grown up men have used to be funny when I was twelve. Putting your balls on a drum set, 'gina jokes and all that tasteless humour is beyond me now. This film took everything to the extreme. You had a bad joke but that was not enough. It had to be pushed, and pushed, and pushed until it became so lame that the premise wasn't even funny anymore. The plot thickens when Dale shacks up with Derek's wife. Derek is Will's brother in the movie. Typical brother, very successful but the biggest moron on the planet. So, back to the shacking. That was so random and it lowered the quality. Her lines were taking from a porn film and they were very explicit. The scene where she pees in a cubicle is simply overkill.What was funny in this film, I do not know? Every scene involves explicit sexual organ description or sex related images.Anything from the Apatow stable is devoutly to be avoided by anyone with a sense of humour. Humour involves irony and social commentary, qualities entirely lacking in the Apatow opus. Apatow enjoys laughing at the idiot goyim and giggling about it all the way to the bank. In Apatow comedies, the joke is on the audience. Stepbrothers is more of the same. Two grown men try to do more inane things than each other while acting like nine year-olds. At some point Will Ferrell is sitting on the toilet with his drawers down. He reaches for toilet paper (so we know that he has had a bowel movement) and finds the roller empty. Looking round, he notes the rug that surrounds the pedestal and pulls it up. He is about to turn and wipe his rear with it when -- CLICK! --- I switch off the DVD player and the further adventures of these two morons will never be known.I just saw this movie and i only thought, please register to IMDb to have the right to make a review and rate this movie with the worst rating there is. I never thought that watching a movie would be such a waste of time. The story of two 40 year old adults being mentally in the age of 10. First they are foes, and then they became friends, only for so long to become foes again so they can be friends and stepbrothers again in the end, so they can save the day and live all together happily? Who writes this scripts and who approves them? Sure, some scenes were funny but they don't save the whole impression.Who Wrote the ratings in this page? The producers? PS: I have to give at least one star... No way passing aroundSimply the worst (scripted, acted and constructed) Ferrell comedy EVER! A lazy, sloppy production. Not even funny (even though it tried so very hard to be). And in the packed theater I saw this in I only heard about 5 laughs (and they weren't very loud). I really wish it had been better.The step brothers' characterizations were all over the place. One minute they're slightly eccentric, the next they're seriously deranged morons. And the film's tedium is almost unbearable (though I did manage to watch it to the end - just in case it got better). It didn't.And why anyone would care about these spoilt, middle class, psychotic losers (especially when they're not funny) is anybody's guess. I hope Ferrell picks more carefully next time.One of the most idiotic films I ever saw. The humor is infantile with an absurd story line. There are a couple of funny jokes between Ferrel and his step-dad but that is about it. It seems as if all of the actors stretch the absurd humor to the limit. None of them give a credible performance with the exception of Jenkins who does a decent job as the father. As the movie progressed, the laughter thinned out in the theater. The story line was reduced to more absurdity as the film neared its conclusion. I wouldn't waste my time or money on this film. Wait for it to come out on DVD. That will probably be in about two weeks.Brennan Huff's mother and Dale Doback's father get married and go to live together. Since Brennan and Dale still live with their parents (even having 40 years old), they need to live as step brothers. They don't like each other and don't get along. The main problem will come when they start to shake their parents' wedding.What a HORRIBLE movie! I haven't laughed even once! It is as bad as ''You Don't Mess with the Zohan '', but even more retarded! (If this is possible!!) How can someone even laugh with those ridiculous situations? The two lead characters seem two retarded men whose main objective is to destroy their family's lives. They behave like babies and they are what? 40 years old? I cannot believe this movie has almost a 7 in its rate. This only proves how many people with bad taste live in the world.Don't even bother to watch this movie, or you are going to lose your time with one of the most pathetic movies ever made by humanity.This has got to be the worst movie that has ever made it into theatres. I cannot see anything funny about this at all. I loved anchorman, I have watched it numerous times, I loved old school, Will Farrel was very funny in that as well. Now I actually had high expectations for this flick and I wish I'd never watched it. I couldn't even sit it through and had to stop at 3/4 of this atrocity. I wish I could delete the scenes of mindless, brain-numbing and not even mediocre attempts at slapstick comedy from my memory.Two apparently deeply disturbed or possibly retarded men, ruining their family's lives over nothing. I have seen better acting done by monkeys in the zoo, though I must admit that the so called humour of this "movie" seems to have gotten a lot of its inspiration from primate behaviour.I do not recommend this crime in the name of comedy to anyone in their right minds. It's a waste of time, I wish I had pirated the movie and not rented it but I think I'll try to get my money back. In fact, I am so angry at the director and producers of this abomination for stealing valuable time from me, I had to register on IMDb to write a comment.If you are one of the people who have given this thing a higher rating than 3, you must've been high like a kite. I wouldn't argue about a thing like that as it's usually a matter of taste, but this crap wouldn't even pass for trash...Don't waste your time on this, you'll make better use of it banging your head against a wall.This movie had its high points and I'm not ashamed to say that I was laughing a lot throughout most of the movie. The snotty younger brother was played to perfection. The moments where the parents lost their cool and began swearing was hilarious. The job interview scenes were hilarious. The stay -at-home loser step brothers were hilarious for the most part. The first three quarters of the movie was very funny. Towards the end, it was not. The Catalina Wine Mixer was a disaster. The part where the pychiatrist falls for Ferrell was dumb. The boat - as - treehouse was a terrible way to end the movie. The writers seemed to settle for a bad way to tie things up at the end and this caused the movie as a whole to fail. I also could not get past the vulgarness of some of the routines. The part where Ferrell places his scrotum, in full view, on the drum set was very sickening. The loud, intense farting was very insulting to a sophisticated viewer. The masturbation scene, where Ferrell slips his hand down his pants while watching TV, was very sick. The scene where the younger brother's wife has sex standing up and then relieved herself in a urinal was very sick.It's a shame that a movie that was perfectly cast and had such potential was ruined by blatant, sick vulgarness. Imagine if the great Pink Panther movies, for example, submitted to such base humor. Unnecessary catering to the uncouth members of the audience.