Awful film. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Poor writing, cringe worthy acting if you can call it that. As with many American comedies it's extremely childish while trying to be of some shock value about white people and in particular white girls/women.Imagine two white comedians doing black face of African American women. Maybe Louis CK and Jonah Hill.Oh wait, they're not white, but you get the picture.Just more typical double standards.Stupid, racist crap.I don't suspect that a white movie making whites into blacks and making fun of them would go over very well, but this is apparently different in some way, as whites are the butt of the rather unfunny joke. Lump this piece of crap in with "soul plane." What about the makeup effects??? Did ANYONE in the universe think that those two racist idiots looked even slightly like real humans, rather than poorly made-up mannequins? Why, oh why, did the studio give this movie the go ahead? I can promise you that NO studio would allow a white filmmaker and a white cast to do the exact opposite of this movie, yet it is obviously okay for them to put out this blatantly racist piece of tripe.I've seen clips of this film & so went in with very low expectations & was still somehow disappointed.Apart from the obvious double standards the jokes are terrible with no real plot & a lit of racism...but it's ok it's the other way.If it was 2 white actors dressing as black women saying "You go Girlfriend" whilst clicking their fingers & other cliches, this would be deemed offensive.Bloody stupid rehash of 'Some like it hot' (which IS actually funny.)
Totally cr*p, I'm not gonna waste any more space on this film.
Not funny!This is absolutely, hands down the worst movie I have seen in years. I was looking for an easy watch but Jesus! I was handed this movie after a long days work and was disgusted just reading the title. I was informed that it was "actually hilarious" so turned my brain off for a couple of hours of "bubble gum comedy". Now I understand some people take a while to twig on to a joke, but why the incessant pauses after a really small and lame joke? most of the so called punch lines were strained to say the least, with nothing other than toilet humor and bad taste behind them, sure you may want to giggle, but then move on! The makeup and jokes were so bad, the script was written for 12 year olds and the stereo types were actually "too much".....like "too stereotypical" and I didn't think that could be done.Utter trash.I'd love to see this movie done with the races swapped.If this movie was changed to "Black Chicks" and had a white cast pretending to be black, this would have been THROWN OUT OF THEATERS!!! There would have been demands for apology and CNN would be covering the aftermath... But since it is black folks in white face, totally acceptable.I don't care how funny anybody thinks this movie is, it is the perfect example of racism that isn't seen as racism because it is black folks doing it to white folks.The makers of this movie should be made to apologize and it should be removed from any store shelves.If you found this movie funny and cannot see how racist it is, well then you are the problem.It's unappealing cheap comedy that doesn't rub two brain cells together.I won't say it's racist. However, a race being played by another race in a mocking fashion screams of ignorance and bigotry of cinematic and racial history. The Wayans have a history of just not being funny in their writing, or screenplay and this is the embodiment of it.This is not a film. It is a psychological test.
If you like it you are mad.
Who believes two black men are two white girls? Who?I just had to write a few lines here to express my concern over how this movie can be rated 5 out of 10 on IMDb. I can watch a bad movie and laugh out loud over how bad it is, and afterwards still feel that it was worth watching. White Ghost anyone? :)This movie is worth a negative score if it was possible... Its PURE crap in its purest form.It is of course my personal opinion but if you think you can get anything out of this movie you are wrong. Its not a feel-good movie or anything, its just plain ugly...Bring back some quality comedies please.Basically this is an overlong, unfunny, action/comedy. First of all I'd like to say that I did enjoy the Wayans brother Scary Movie (1) and the sequel had it's moments. Unfortunately white chicks doesn't even deliver HALF the laughs. The humour in it is absolutely crude. If you like burping, farting, stupid catchphrases you should probably look at this. When it isn't crude it's idiotic. The first 10 minutes of the film gave everything away to me, totally unfunny, simply idiotic. However I watched the whole thing since I was with a friend (otherwise I wouldn't have bothered). The story is undeniably thin, it was in scary movie too but there at least the laughs were quick and constant. I think this is probably one of the main problems too with this film, the laughs don't come quick enough. Some jokes are dragged out too long when they're more disgusting than funny in the first place. If you prefer your comedy with a few brain cells then just avoid this. If you want a silly comedy with more laughs then look at scary movie, airplane, hotshots 1 + 2. 1/10 Completely unfunny, Thin storyline, A film that seems to be based on one idea (i.e. what if we dressed up as white chicks for a film?) but simply didn't have enough material.I am astounded that anybody would say that this is a great movie. I understand that this is a comedy, but the whole plot is unbelievable. The two men don't look white, like women, or the people they are posing as. It is unrealistic to think that these girls friends wouldn't notice that the friends they see every day have grown a foot and a half and have mens bodies. All of the jokes in this movie are lame. The only thing that made me laugh was the big black guy singing in the car, and that certainly is not enough to make this movie watchable. The people responsible for bringing this piece of crap to the theatres should be ashamed of themselves. I would not recommend this movie to anybody.It's just so difficult to wrap your head around how gut-wrenchingly atrocious this thing is. Imagine being trapped in your worst nightmare for almost two hours and you have some vague idea of what it's like to sit through this pile of trash.It's just so inept and meaningless. When a film can't justify it's own existence, then you're better of just burning the negative and pretending it never happened. It doesn't generate a single laugh (except out of sheer embarrassment for the actors) and there's zero social commentary because every character is such a poorly written cliché that you can't get past how over-the-top they are.No one seems to be enjoying what they're doing, the editing is atrocious, all attempts at humor rely solely on the lowest possible juvenile sensibilities and the plot conceit is so entirely implausible that this film just defines 'bomb. Really, it's that bad. I was forced to watch this (for a girl, of course) and still can't believe my eyes. I really want to vomit.ANYONE who claims to like it, or find this a guilty pleasure, should crawl out of the wall they live in and see at least one more movie. If you think this is tolerable, then pretty much ANY other film ever made (no matter what it is) will seem like a magical masterpiece sent straight from heaven.Someone really needs to sit down with the Wayans', explain how terrible their work is, maybe bring some clips of it to help illustrate that point. Seriously, are they simply surrounded by a mix of yes-men and people too worried they'll be accused of prejudice against African-Americans? Keenen Ivory... stop directing, please. You're not very good at it(unless I'm Gonna Git You Sucka is the exception to the rule... I sincerely doubt that Little Man is, and those are the only two I've yet to watch). Shawn and Waylon... just plain stop. Damon... what the heck happened to the show you had, titled after yourself, man, that had *hilarious* moments. And all of you, do not write again. If the gag isn't doesn't make us laugh the first time, why would it help to repeat it? That happens several times in this. The material consists mainly of offensive stereotypes, and making fun the Hilton sisters(and types like them) and fashion and such, and anyone who'd enjoy this flick are already making those jokes, so why bother? Frankly, nobody their behavior is plenty enough, nobody has to make an effort to mock them. Everybody here is a soulless caricature. The misunderstandings and their solutions all seem like they were rejected from lousy sit-coms. Part of the problem is, while the make-up is well-done, the audience are not fooled, and that makes it tough to accept that everyone in the movie is. If you want to laugh at men in drag for an entire motion picture, go for Some Like it Hot, or at least Mrs. Doubtfire. This merely tries to gross us out and hopes we'll confuse that for humor. The DVD has three featurettes. There is strong language and pretty explicit sexual stuff. At least there is eye candy. I recommend this solely to fans of the brothers. 1/10Do Movie Producers Really Think We are This Stupid?I have been seeing previews for this horrifyingly bad movie, White Chicks almost non-stop. It makes me wonder- what kind of idiot would want to go see a movie like this? 1. Men dressing up as women to solve a crime is no longer funny (was it ever?) Its been done about a million times. 2. The "white people are so lame jokes" are played out and no longer funny- in fact, they're offensive. Yeah, they might have been funny when Eddie Murphey did them in the 80's, or when Richard Pryor did them before that, or when Red Foxx did them before that.I guess the no-talent Wayans brothers thought everyone would think that hip black guys dressing up as lame white women would make for a hillarious combination. It doesn't- and I don't even have to go see the movie to make that statement. Simple turn on the WB and watch how white people are portrayed in every sit-com- its rude and its offensive, and if the table was turned, there would be outrage. ...and men dressing up as women hasn't been funny since Tootsie (Was it even funny then?).Tacky but funny in some parts. However in the new age of sensitivity and political correctness this move needs to be removed from circulation, as some people would find it very degrading and offensive.... The idea being, of course, for the Wayans brothers to somehow need to disguise themselves as the title suggests. Since, in the real world, this would be a situation that no sensible person would possibly get themselves into; the reasons for such action to be taken are of course highly implausible. That's not what I'm here to complain about though. I knew the idea going in; but I had hoped that they could still make the best use of it with the aid of charming performances and comical situations. I'm still hoping - no incentive exists for any sane person to watch this, at all.There have been accusations of racism thrown around since this film was released. I don't want to get into that; what I will say, however, is that altering one's skin colour for laughs isn't funny these days because it's not sophisticated. It has nothing to do with whether or not it might be offensive; but timing and techniques have moved on in such a way that you have to work harder to get a laugh, now. If you went down to a comedy club, and there was an act there that used either boot polish or chalk to discolour themselves, you'd likely expect more thought to have gone into the routine than such a simplistic process on its own. You'd be looking for some meaning, or else quick-fire gags in addition to it. If there's any rationale behind this plot at all, it's to spoof the 'airhead princess' social type. This species is so annoying, however; that I'd much rather get rid of them altogether than even make fun of them!Like the characters, the humour is shrill and grating; making it all but impossible to identify in any way with the performers, or to even chuckle slightly at the misadventures that are concocted. I'll be honest; I enjoyed the original "Scary Movie", but I'm still wholly unconvinced about the ability of the brothers to garner genuine laughs from an idea of solid construction, as opposed to relying on skits. I'm not saying it to incite fans of this movie, or to exaggerate my point - but I can honestly say that this has been one of the only instances in all my time of watching movies where the experience has actually pained me, inside.Keenan Ivory Wayans is probably one of the worst directors, i swear he has no real knowledge on how to make films. he has made one brilliant film and that is scary movie. scary movie 2 was OK too but everything else Keenan has made are real disasters. avoid such titles like don't be a menace to south central while drinking your juice in the hood..... i know, what a title !!! obviously this film too, just anything that has Keenans name in the credits.it was an hour and a half on stupid nonsense that never made me laugh. just trust me on this, maybe women might like this film a little because of some of things that happen but on a whole this film will never be liked by anyone with a good taste in films........ 1/10.......j.d SeatonThis movie is utterly ridiculous! From the stupid storyline to the worst makeup job I've ever seen in a film. They look like two people wearing horrible puffy white masks. They look ridiculous!! They don't look real! They don't look like white chicks at all! And they especially don't look at all like the two girls they're trying to impersonate. They stand out like a sore thumb. Now I know some people are going to try to argue that it's just a movie. Just enjoy it. Well what's to enjoy. I'm insulted that someone would actually expect me to just accept that these two people are SUPPOSED to be passed off as white girls. All I would say to you is, shame on you. The only thing that's funny about this film is the fact that we are expected to believe that two people could pass themselves off as white chicks with that makeup. I feel sorry for anyone stupid enough to even want to see something like this. Have some respect for yourself and see something worth seeing. You'll be stupider just by watching this travesty of a film.this was a complete and total waste of my time. when i watched this trainwreck all that i could think was, "instead of bringing FBI makeup artist to make to black guys look like white chicks, why not just use their skill to cover the scratches on the two women's nose and mouth?" not only did Marlon and Shawn Wayons not look anything like two young white girls, but the plot was terrible, obvious and not funny at all. i was expecting to laugh at some sub-conscience hidden nugget of funny, but was sadly disappointed. the little fool who goaded me into watching this hunk of crap tried to convince me that the poop scene was funny, but it was obvious, played out and way too immature. i would like to see Hollywood finally accept that crossdressing comedies, especially interracial crossdressing comedies are just as played out and not funny as matrix parodies and star wars "i am your father" lines. i was disappointed, because i was pleased with scary movie and giggled at the sequel, but this was awful, and i knew that going into it. what a hunk of crap.This is the single worst movie I have ever seen I can only thank god that I didn't waste my own money watching this crap. Omit about 35 seconds of funny moments and you have the most inane, assine, boring, stupid movie ever. This movie makes not another teen movie look Oscar worthy it was that bad. I don't know what else to say but this is crap. If you wanna know more about the plot etc. read other posts because I'm not going to waste my time covering it. If you actually enjoyed this movie I implore you to stand up and justify yourself. And people giving this a 10 come on. I'm shocked its not on the hundred worst of all time list yet. 1 out 10 If you must watch this I suggest you borrow from some poor sucker who actually paid to rent or even worse bought it because I wouldn't waste my money on it.I suppose I shouldn't write a review, as I left twenty minutes into this film. However, I will at least comment on principle.This film was doomed from the start. The already-ridiculous story was -- surprisingly -- accented by terrible acting from the Wayans brothers themselves.A film of this nature is directed entirely at pre-teenage girls who can relate to the ditzes on screen. I was embarrassed to appear in the theater that it was playing in.I give the film ONE STAR, on effort. Hopefully, the Wayans know what they're really doing with their career.The Wayans brothers - Keenen Ivory Wayans (director,co-screenwriter) together with Shawn and Marlon Wayans (lead stars,co-screenwriter) - work together in a buddy cop comedy that one can only describe as obvious,unfunny and silly.It tells a story of brothers and fellow FBI agents Marcus and Kevin Copeland who disguised themselves as Caucasian female who agree to escort socialite sisters Brittany and Tiffany Wilton from the airport at JFK Airport to their hotel room in the Hamptons as both are being targeted by a serial kidnapper.They did this to renew the confidence of the higher ups after a drug bust they messed up as regular guys.One can only see that it provides nothing else except unfunny jokes,raunchy humor that could be classified as bathroom jokes and a brainless social commentary.It only does nothing except insult the viewer's intelligence and nothing more.I thought this film disappointed its preview ratings. It was made out to be a huge film, yet turned out pretty pathetic. I could've sworn I saw people walking out of the cinema...it really was that bad! Had I have not been with a large group of friends, I would have seriously been contemplating leaving. The best bit had to have been the first part of the film where the agents made a huge mistake and spoiled a chance of arresting some drug associated people. AND that wasn't even that funny! I mean how can I explain a film that bored me so much I fell asleep? The only few reasons I went to see the film were: I had nothing better to do; wanted to see my friends; and the film had a high rating. Well I think people should learn to judge a lil' better! And as I said with my nothing better to do, I seriously think I should've stayed at home - that way I would've been bored WITH somewhere comfortable to fall asleep! I don't think you should see the film as you would either die of boredom, cry of shame (because you went to see such a BAD film), or fall asleep because it is rubbish!