I saw Zombieland the first movie. And it was fresh, funny, it moved along at a nice clip. It was fluffy entertainment. The characters were personable and made me care about them and made me root for them. I really enjoyed the original Zombieland movie. I saw it several times as a matter of fact.
BUT... Zombieland 2? What the heck happened? It's as if the characters are coasting on the success of the first. They don't even try to be interesting. They spend the entire first half doing nothing. It was dead space. Yeah, pun intended. Nothing happened. It was like the Seinfeld of the movie theater, the show about nothing, this was the movie about nothing... but unlike Seinfeld which was funny, Zombieland 2 was BORING.
The characters banter back and forth and back and forth and back and forth...Then they split up for the dumbest of reasons. It's as if they really didn't know what to do with themselves, so just split up and pretend like they don't mean anything to each other. Then suddenly oh, they do mean something to each other. Then more banter. Then a ditsy character joins in and she spends her time repeating herself. Yes, she's brainless. Okay. I got it. Please, stop beating me over the head with that!
I just think the writers had no idea what to do with these characters and just put them in a random pointless scenario just to tell the audience, "look! remember these funny characters? yeah, laugh at them for no reason." They all became so annoying that I actually walked out of the theater and asked for a refund, but they don't give refunds so I got a free ticket instead so I'm not too upset.
I was SO looking forward to this movie. I relished seeing the characters again. I wanted to laugh out loud and have a good time. Instead I yawned, I felt sleepy. I got bored out of my skull and I walked out.
Ugh. How did this movie end? Who cares?I was so looking forward to seeing this film, i was dissapointed in first scene, it was just tired joke after tired joke,i kept thinking.''oh it must get better'' but it just got worse, i wont put any spoilers, as the entire film is a spoiler,
There is no plot no reason for the film at all,the same two people laughed out loud at the lame teenage jokes, whilst rest of cinema was silent, and we all left quickly at end.
dont go and see this pile of excrement. i d give it zero stars if that was possible, how it can have so many good reviews i will never know,,Loved the first movie,expectations for this were high,thought it was absolute garbage,great stars damaging their reputations.came across as boring and the jokes were just to stupid to laugh at,if i watched this in the cinema i would of walked out 15mins in.Wow. I feel like someone took a shotgun to my head. I was a big fan of the first film, and after ten years to come up with a passable script this was nothing but a lazy copy and paste. Nothing was original, all the new cast was aggravating as hell, and my zombie-loving friend and I actually walked out of the theater towards the end. What a waste.A very weak movie. Save your money and don't watch itToo long to create between the two films. There is nothing new here. Same dry comedy that's set up miles before the punch line and visible for twice as many miles. It's just undeed and completely unnecessary 2 hours. Z Nation was infinately better in humor and story with a quarter the budget.
Skip it.Such a waste of time. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. No story, no real fun. I nodded off a few times. I cant believe anyone would give this a 10....maybe a child would.This movie didn't need to exist. The charm of the first one is not found here at all. Avoid at all costs.People left the cinema halfway through it was that bad, I probably should've joined them as well to be honest.Lazy script, lazy jokes, everyone is trying way too hard, too much story, not enough zombieNo, this isn't what I was waiting for. Yes, it's funny and it has jokes in it. But it also feels like one of those sequels which exist only to make money on the first film. The writing felt little weird, zero character development, and it was unnecessary to have new addition to the cast, when it worked fine with just 4 + Murray.Columbus is Ohio now, Talahassee is grumpy old dad, Witchita is a witch, and Little Rock looks way too old for a 21 year old.I didn't have any big expectations from the film as such, yet I am disappointed.My first ever movie that I walked out of. Joke not funny and too forced. Characters are just meh. I login just to give it a 1 star.My adult kids were pretty jazzed about seeing this, they both went to sleep during the damn thing and I had to struggle to keep my eyes open as well. Boring, stupid, and lacking any creativity or humor. A total and complete waste of time.All this time and give us this absolute nonsense. Terrible storyline. Awful new characters. Not enough zombie kills. Very similar to Zombieland 1. Pathetic attempt.Just went to this movie and it was a total dissapointment.... I mean if there is at least a bit intelligence left in you this movie is a disgrace and a boredom fest. First of all there is nothing original in this cinematic masterpiece, not to mention a lack of good old zombie hack n slash action.... The jokes in this movie is unbelievable, well maybe if you are an 15 year old teen you might squeeze a laugh. The dialogs are beyond unbelievably stupid and boring not to mention that the storyline of the movie is super mediocore to put it mildly. It is just a mystery to me how someone can rate this movie more than 5 stars, i guess the idiocracy in this world is running rampant....
So all in all i really do not recommend wasting your money or your time, maybe even your iq level by watchin this movie... Or if you are really into lame sex jokes, lots of bad romance in a zombie movie, superb dialogs and want to witness like only 20 minutes of zombie killing action this gem of a movie is definetally for you.
RIP to real zombie movies...Couldn't even get past the first 10 minutes without wanting to turn it off. The movie was not funny, in fact, it was over the top trying too hard. The characters and the scenes are really boring and dry, not evolving or engaging and they lack life. The movie was really cringe worthy and unwatchable. What a piece of crap compared to the first movie which was original and funny.My gawd zombie dudes. All the actors in this and yeah this includes you Woody, and all the film crew should be thrown in a wide deep ditch and then let the zombies fall in and eat them all and then cover up the hole and pretend none of this ever happened. I'm so sick of zombies, saturation in over drive. Zombie movies should be outlawed. What an irritating little prick Eisenberg is in this movie (and most all of his others to tell the truth). Man I wanted to strangle that dude watching this movie. How boring can a zombie movie possibly be? None more than this one. This has to rank up there as one of the worst movies I've ever seen it's that bad. Of course here on IMDb, the idiots run in with scores of 10 for this movie. Surprise surprise. Some idiots come in here and hand out 10's like it's candy. Woody and Eisenberg should have turned into zombies and ate each other's brains at the end of this atrocious movie (with slow motion close ups) and have been done with it. I'm mad I even sat through this even with as much fast forwarding as I did. They should have paid me to watch this. If I knew then what I know now, I would have told Woody, "dude if you expect me to watch this garbage, how ever much money you made in this movie, I want half".There is no plot. Its just a bunch of jokes. Really boring bad jokes. This was truely terribleThe most boring movie of 2019. Full of overacting.....The writers, producers and directors of this cringe-worthy abomination should be rounded up, arrested, and sentenced to 10 years in Pelican Bay. Unbelievably stupid, utterly incompetent writing and plot line, they seemed to have hired the least-talented, cheapest writers they could find, who obviously got nothing. The jokes go nowhere most of the time, rarely rising above the level of a cheap, stupid pun. Based on the drawing power of Woody Harrelson and the other cast, who do a decent job with the dreck they were handed, the thing had a budget of $42 million and grossed $121 million worldwide. The fact that the producers can make so much money while creating such utter sheet is why they get away with garbage like this.So cringe it makes you actually pray for a zombie apocalypse.What imbecile thought that just throwing in a couple of hammed up stereotypes would make a decent film.Absolute pile of excrement.Were you expecting to see any interesting content in here? There's none. Doesn't it feel disappointing? Yes. The same goes for this garbage movie. I mean, if you're as brainless as the zombies in this movie, then you'll like it. But let's face it, brainless people don't read the reviews before they watch a movie.I recommend you watch the first, then go see the second. Ok here, we go.The first was full of fresh nuance and really let Woody Harrelson show off
his comedic chops. I really enjoyed it. But there was one little thing about the
first that irritated me and I couldn't put my finger on what it was. Just leaving the theater, I knew there was an itch about the movie I couldn't scratch.Watching Zombieland: Double Tap, I now know what it was. The one note, monotone performance of Jesse Eisenberg. Eisenberg, who is famous, or infamous for playing the same person in every movie himself. Highly annoying, high functioning, rapid talking, autistic smart alec. The director of Double Tap really gave Jesse all the screen time in this, and it is just grating to watch.
Can't act, has no sense of humor. Every line comes off like a Dwight insult directed at Jim from The Office. No Originality. I am not a fan of If's and But's. If there had been another actor, like, say, Tom Holland, this movie would have been a 10 star pleasure to watch. Not the 1 star, Jesse Eisenberg Fest that it is. Skip it.Don't waste your time watching this , total waste of time and no story at allLife's too short to waste your time on this boring and facile sequel movie.