Every part of this movie is useless, absolutely boring. story is hilarious, and the characters are all useless and unneeded.Sure they put in a chick in a short skirt and a dog and we feel something, but the script is meaningless. The only saving grace for this mince is that Ana De Armas is in it. All you fools who are just discovering her know nothing. She's a goddess. FACT! BR2049 has more plot holes than emmental cheese and one big "plot twist" that I won't mention, not because it would spoil much, but because if you decide to watch this movie, you deserve to be disappointed by its stupidity.The big "twist" is mentioned as the "miracle", but it is absolutely idiotic and illogical from the point of view of a manufacturer of replicants. How did "that" might have ever be considered a good idea? One would assume that after the disaster of the Nexus 6 series, Tyrell Co. and his successors would have invented some more reliable security system - such as a lower level of self-consciousness, way safer than the questionable "obedience" of the Nexus 8. Or even something like all the androids looking the same, so that they can be easily detected and you would not need blade runners to locate and eliminate them.Anything that would provide humanity with useful, free labor without ethical problems But no, in this movie ethical problems just got exponentially bigger. And so much for a science so advanced as to reproduce perfect bodies and minds...Besides, since it is established that humankind sucks, I failed to understand how replicants are in any way better, since they just want to be more "like humans". On the visual side, BR2049 sucks, too. Looks like they used random leftovers scenery from other Sci-Fi/disaster movies, from the overused industrial background of Terminator to the desertic blurred landscape of MadMax and the inevitable nightmarish city-scape, which looks like Blade Runner, but on cheap side. Costumes looks like the contemporary drab clothing promoted by Nordic high street chains: lots of dark, cheap-looking leggings and stretchy tops, a far cry from the decadent, elaborate futuristic/retro suits of BR.In one scene, Deckard meets Tyrell's successor in a closed room filled with water, except a square island in the middle. A room that has no other reason to exist except bringing back memories of the "original" Tyrell building.The dialog is unbelievable bad and scenes drag on forever. When the Goslin character finds Deckart, the two spend over ten minutes fighting and chasing each other, when a couple of lines of dialogue would have avoided that. The ending is both manipulative and plagiarist: it wants to move the audience, recreating the amazing poetic moment of Roy Batty's death, but using snow instead of rain. If nothing else, the ending would have been enough to put me off this piece of commercial garbage. I didn't realise 2049 also was the actual length of the film! It sure felt like it! 3 hours of boring dialogue, hollow characters and an embarrassingly weak story. Hard to believe Ridley Scott really made this!The first Blade Runner worked the pace of the film brilliantly up to the powerful ending. The story was a rather simple sci-fi noir detective story with a twist. It made some huge comments on humanity and what kind of future we want. It worked on so many levels. It could be viewed as a simple sci-fi detective story or as a great spiritual journey that asked all the big questions. "And what can your maker do for you?".The first Blade Runner had so many great lines but with 2049 I cannot remember a single quotable line. 2049 completely lacks all which made the original the best sci-fi movie ever. I take the same view as Rutger Hauer recently did. Why even try to do a second one? It would be as painting a second Mona Lisa. Or building another Eiffel tower.A huge disappointment of a sequel that should never have been made. The original Blade Runner is one of my favourite films so I was really looking forward to this one. What a disappointment. If I wasn't in the company of others I would of walked out early. I left the cinema feeling annoyed that I had to sit through this overlong monotonous film. The storyline is dragged out with the main character just going from place to place to investigate something like in a video game. At the beginning he is in a fight scene and you find out he is basically indestructible. The replicants are now terminators. This leaves out any suspense that he is in danger. The first film was kind of believable, the city was overcrowded and the building were decaying - it had atmosphere. This one looked like a more modern city with a lot of emptiness. The technology has advanced so much that he now has a solid light fully realistic AI holographic companion that operates from a small device he can keep in his pocket. If you think about it why are they so desperate to increase replicant slave labour production when they are capable of building AI robots that can be enveloped with holographic light to look human. They still have the blurry 1950 TV quality monitors to echo the first film but the supposed technology jump does not make sense. The music by Vangelis was one of the most important parts of the original. He conveyed through the use of synthesisers and traditional instruments a sense of awe and wonder, beauty and the sadness of a dystopian world. Johann Johannsson was originally commissioned to score the film and I think he would of done a great job but they decided for some reason it was not Hollywood sounding enough so they bought in Hans Zimmer. What a disaster. It might as well be the music from Batman VS Alien. Just lots of loud noise. The original was a box office failure that became a cult classic. This is just a failure. i cannot believe these ten star comments, first the visuals were mostly flat, there was no explanation why in this time there were virtually no people around, one scene only with about thirty extras, no lights seems to be on either in the shots were he is flying over the city. more importantly you had a very thin plot that could have been told in less than an hour. nothing happens for most of the film. it is as if all concerned were on valium. the music was just noise. talk about an anti-climatic ending, the film just whimpers out. none of the very little plot made any sense. so here we have yet again critics raving about nothing. an insult to the original in every way. do not waste your time or money going to see this. i was going to list the many non-sensical things in the film but on reflection i don't think the film deserves anymore of my time In the ongoing tradition of Harrison Ford's Action heroes of the 1980's turning out to be really terrible dads, we have Blade Runner 2049, the sequel to 1982's Blade Runner. We meet a replicant cop named K who is of a new variety that doesn't rebel unlike those bad ones in the movies. So he tracks down a Runaway Nexus 8, even though in the original movie, we were assured that Nexus 8's only had 4 year lifespans. During the course of this, they discover the bones of Sean Young's character from the original movie, along with the realization she had given birth. Our hero also has a relationship with a Hologram Girl for some reason. I guess so he is sad when she gets deleted later in the movie. If you are watching this movie to see Harrison Ford reprise his role as Deckard, you don't get to see him walking around like someone's confused grandpa until 2 hours into an interminably long movie. (Seriously, I feel bad for Ford. Why does he do this to himself?)So they want to find the child of Deckard and Rachel because this is a replicant that can reproduce, which is supposedly more efficient than just growing them, for some reason. They say they need more replicants to colonize the outer colonies, but of course, there are plenty of people living in squalor, including a child labor sweatshop. I can't emphasize enough how long, boring, uninteresting this movie was. It's like they watched the original and still had no idea what made it a good movie. Admittedly, I did not enjoy the prospects of a Blade Runner sequel, since I considered the first installment to be a one-off story, for which a sequel would ultimately harm.Unfortunately, this movie did just that. I did not like the plot at all, which I considered both ridiculous and tacky, despite being drenched in massive amounts of self-importance. The visuals were nice, and lots of care seemed to be made to maintain the original's style. The problem is, again, the story, narrative, etc. I'd say it's worth a watch, but I don't believe many will return for a second viewing This movie was so bad I can't put into words. I loved Blade Runner but this sequel is so bad I can no longer watch the original. Music over the top Acting nonexistent Length, felt like 6 hours,and not in a good wayAs people left the theater I saw shaking heads.Don't understand people raving about it. They must be connected to the film somehow. Save your money, watch the original and don't let this ruin it for you like it did for me What a damn slow motion movie. Not a single thing good about it. Poor acting and baseless action scenes making it much worse. Thought it will have some wow moments being a sci fi film but I was utterly disappointed. Beware of the fake ratings and it's totally not worth it. I loved original but I have to say I really hated this one. From movie music score to plot and cinematography - everything was a disappointment. The music score (loud noise) and cinematography was especially heavy handed in trying to force drama when it was not warranted by plot. Instead of so much CGI producers should have spent some $ on a better script and director. A bad movie should not be this long, people walked out at my showing. I have not seen such a badly made movie in a really long time. The only thing good about this movie is the actors. who did a good job in doing what they were told to. But the story is a pathetic layering of a typical family drama projected onto flying cars that is supposed to be our future. The jest of story, we industrialize ruthlessly to shred nature and then struggle to find a human emotion within ourselves and wage a war to hold on to it. Pathetic, heard many times, over and over. I am not sure if the theme was disguised as to give a facade of art or was so poorly directed that it was not even strongly projected. Either way, it gave me headaches. And the music was so grossly out of sync with the picture, it made no sense remotely. The unnecessary loud noises had not 1% context with what was happening on screen. Ridiculously long, out of context, poor direction, senseless sound effects, sorry picture of the story. sheer torture to sit through it. Watched it last night. We had high expectations from this movie based on the first one. It is so slow in the beginning that we already started to lose interest in the first half hour of play. We showed some understanding taking into consideration how long the movie was. My mates and I ended up sleeping sometime through the movie. This is the first time such thing has ever happened to us so you can understand how bad it was. The second half was a bit more interesting. Nothing more than dragging the plot and all those stupid unnecessary sounds woke us up every now and then. In overall it's a 163 minute masterpiece of crap. I'm sickened by the fawning over this spectacularly empty drivel.So utterly characterless for something purporting to reflect on the nature of human consciousness. No character = no script, of course. The original revels subtly in the exploration of how identity and memory are intrinsic to one another. How the objects we surround ourselves persuade us of our identity. Gosling's apartment in contrast, characterless. Literally. There is no character that lives there. Perhaps they feared that a character, with an actually believable life, in the film might detract from the computerised holographic eye candy companion? Did Harvey Weinstein have some say in this element? This avatar of desire has potential for commentary, but resolves as an astonishing endorsement of computerised companionship as a viable alternative to human relationship. In our dystopian future, as the capacity for community dissolves, this is our great hope; the post prostitute/hologram wife sex - "coffee?" - results in smiles all round.  This element to the film made me a little physically sick and highly sympathetic to militant feminism. The film's clumsy attempts at visual poetry pale into comparison with the original - proving the point that the soul of the work is what creates a spectacle with substance, not computing power.Jared Leto's Kurtz impression might have fared better had their been any craft in the script. Perhaps if they'd gotten Rutger Hauer to improvise some lines there'd have been some semblance of originality, instead of memorable quotes such as "You do not know...pain."The score to the movie was effective, but lacked the nuanced, cohesive beauty of Vangelis' offering in the original; of course it suffers from the hodge podge on screen. There can be no artistic combinatorial explosion when so many elements are lacking in subtlety, originality...spirit. This deficit being exemplified by the Power Rangers finale...PEOW PEOW - HIIIIYA!!!And there is no spirit. This post-modern parable embodies and endorses the pseudo-scientific reductionist view of humanity as essentially worthless and doomed. It is an unrelentingly shallow and joyless indulgence with plot holes you could drive a bus through (it's a real memory... then it must be mine! *BOOOOM* - great work detective!). To give the team the benefit of the doubt, let's say that some elements may be excused by the use of focus groups by the studios. It wouldn't take much to alter the attitude of Gosling to his 3D spouse to highlight to the viewer the 1D nature of his relationship. Maybe those takes are on the cutting room floor, maybe there'll be a superior director's cut. I doubt it'll be any the better, the changes needing to be radical; including shaving about an hour off the running time.Perhaps the director's cut will appear before the sequel. Yes, thanks to the introduction of a rebellion, we can look forward to the Matrix style "Bladerunner reloaded", "Bladerunner revolutions"...I wonder whether Netflix or Amazon will make the series? #justanotherfranchiseIn the year 2019, I believe this effort will suffer horribly from hindsight; unlike the majestic original...and we'll always have the original. A memory of exemplary filmic storytelling, indelibly etched in my mind forming part of my identity, available for generations to come...1* What a bore.The film felt like it went on for a lot longer than it actually was, and with a very thin plot stretched out for 2 hours and 40 minutes. It would have been quicker to read 'Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep' by Philip K Dick, which influenced the original film.The imagery and special affects are spectacular. The sound track is clearly influenced by the original film and was quite good. The film didn't get anywhere near the atmosphere of the 1982 film.There were times when it was hard to hear some of the dialogue but as most of that dialogue was pointless waffle that wasn't too much of an issue. There were long scenes of dull silence followed by long scenes of needless chatter, all with no action or interest.I got so bored watching this I counted 17 people leave the screen in the last hour of the film who didn't return.Ryan Gosling (K) was mostly poor throughout the film. A small tree in a leather jacket could have played that role just as well.Ana de Armas (Joi) stood out amongst the cast as K's hologram love interest, backed by spectacular computer imagery.Jered Leto played Niander Wallace, for some reason. His scenes were amongst the longest and most tedious. They went on and on with the dullest dialogue in the whole film.I since found out that Director Denis Villeneuve is also responsible for Sicario and Arrival. If I'd known beforehand I wouldn't have bothered going to see the third film in his 'Trilogy of Tripe'.Don't go out of your way to see this. Stay at home and watch the 1982 original, it's so much better. The original blade runner had gritty street-scenes that were immersive and set the stage for believing, imagining, and then becoming immersed in the context of a dystopian future. In terms of grit, nothing from the original movie survived into the current production. The characters in the sequel are vapid (caricatures) in comparison to the original movie. Tyrell was a thoughtful genius, Roy was passionately fighting his own pre programmed mortality ,Pris could not find humanity, and Leon was locked into the anger of his past, Sebastian was captive to his own body. Then there was Rachel who was searching for personage and Decker for purpose. NONE of that kind of character developing can be found in this sad excuse for amovie.This movie was a shell, a sham, they even had a shell of a Pris character. A total vapid, barren, antiseptic, drubbed down, and dull waste. This movie did not even have the decency to have any grit. That Ridley Scott had anything to do with this is a surprise. The music: what music?The sound effects? Every bump and nose wipe was a 10 on the theater sound system Richter scale. A little subtlety would go a long way in improving every aspect of the effects. A good story? Please.The interminable "dramatic" hold scene?. Good grief. They made up half the screen time.The story? It's finally revealed in the last half hour as a remake of the Da Vinci Code. And poorly. Sorry guys. How this got an IMDb rating of 8.7 on day one is as big a mystery as, well, anything in the last 8 months of life in the USA. Yuk. This came out to be a 2+ hours of pretentious garbage. Ranging from a retarded-soulless dialogue to an annoyingly-monotonous sound track, from the simplistically-cliché plot to the bland-jelly-fish color scheme. Everything is gutless in this pile of failure, especially the chubby sequel-implying ending.Villeneuve is such a try-hard. He just doesn't have the talent. He desperately tries to make up for this lack of talent with shallow long shots, meaningless misplaced close-ups, long pauses that lack tension and just about every other cliché he could find in the book but inevitably failed to execute the intended appeal, which resulted in all of his movies being torturous experiments on the viewer. This one is no exception.Villeneuve is the ironic master of boring and flat movies. He couldn't have made a good movie if his life depended on it. Beats me why he is praised so much. I wouldn't hire the guy to cut my lawn.Seriously, if you want to waste 2 hours of your time - watch it. But I guarantee, you will not want to watch it again.This crap MUST NOT be associated with Philip K. Dick's work. This film is garbage.Over long, muddled, confused, boring, with no likable characters.The story-as far as I can decipher-relates to a woeful future time when replicants/robots seek to destroy earlier models.But of course the film tries to dictate to us that there being no substitute for humans... the problem with that preaching is that it was, I assume, a human who made this total nonsense of a movie!What is just as bad as the blandness of this picture is that many so called professional film reviewers are writing treatises etc., on how wonderful is this film.The fact- as opposed to the science fiction- is that this flick is a disaster and an abject mess:1/10 This is the first review I have written for a movie and the reason I am writing this is because this is the worst movie I have ever seen. About 45 minutes into the movie I asked my husband if he understood what was going on and he did not either. Not only is it difficult to understand what is going on, but it is dark and slow. (many scenes of the characters holding their hand out into the fake snow, looking at their hands. or long shots of the characters staring off into space.) The only color in the movie occurred for about 30 seconds when green leaves were shown as a memory flashback. The gentleman next to us also agreed he was glad it was over. I suppose that it gets high reviews because of the special effects, but without a story line that is interesting and engaging, special effects do nothing for me. Movie is too long. Story is way too simple. Maybe the director think there is twist but it is definitely not. A bit of everything while not successful in any part of it. Using CGI in sex part. How it is relevant to the story? Sony logo is everywhere. A completely waste of time. Don't watch it. The original Blade Runner is one of my top favorites of all time, and I personally have over 500 DVDs in my collection, of which over 50 are from the science fiction genre. I don't know what Kool-aid other reviewers have been drinking, but this was one of the most tedious, pretentious, boring, meaningless, poorly acted, loudest,dumbest movies I have ever experienced. After enduring 2 hours and 32 minutes, I did something I rarely do: I walked out during the ending titles. That's all folks! I wasn't sure what to expect from this movie, but I didn't expect awful. I'm old enough to remember the original movie which was innovative and interesting. Most of the acting in the original was stellar and it wasn't gimmicky. I can't say the same for this sequel (which might just be a set up for a third unfortunately). Ryan Goslings character was interesting, most of the other replicants were not. Jared Leto's character was just annoying. Robin Wright's small but interesting part was maybe the highlight of the whole film. You notice I haven't said much about Harrison Ford who is Indiana Jones old man mode.The most annoying part of the was the visuals and the music (at least I this that's what they're calling it). I though of 2001 Space Odessy but that music was actually good. It was suppose to post-war California but the sets were so dark you couldn't see the characters. In one scene I kept thinking of Mad Max and not Blade Runner. Totally a missed opportunity to make an interesting sequel. It was a mental sufferfest to watch this to the end. The original movie was exciting and flowed. This movie was all over the place, almost like there was a massive fight in the cutting room and what they ended up with was submitted to meet a deadline .I saw it in 3D as well but I found the visual fx were just OK. Nothing out of the ordinary.I'm wondering where they spent the money here. I would advise them to spend it on an expert story 'fixer' next time rather than release this tosh!In a word: awful. I would implore people to really consider what type of movie they like before going to see this one. The slowness of the movie and non-verbal communication and overall "take 5 minutes to illustrate what usually can be done effectively and more atmospherically in 30seconds to 1min" is absolutely rampant in this movie. Ryan Gosling is wooden and hardly communicates, the Harrison Ford addition is also mediocre. It's quite simple, i ended up walking out of the movie as did 20-25% of the entire audience. Overall the most disappointing movie i have seen in years ... it could have been so, so, so much more! 