Remember Mortal Kombat, Battletoads, Overwatch, Gundam, FireFly, TMNT, Night rider, Back to The Future, King Kong, Iron Giant, Mecha Godzilla, Atari, Nintendo, Goons, ET, Shining, Batman, Halo, Gears of War, Monty Python, Michael Jackson, Street Fighter, Vikings, Liches, Lara Croft, Golden Eye, Aliens, Madballs, Child's Play, Etch A Sketch, View-Master, Beastmaster, Space Invaders, Ping Pong, A-team, Batman 60's, Ryu, Monster trucks, Marvel comics, Goro, Harley Quinn, Akira, Saturday Night Fever, Say Anything, Hello Kitty, Star Trek, Star Wars, Freddy Krueger, Duke Nukem, Terminator, Final Fantasy, Robocop, Battle Star Galactica, Rubic's cube, Hal 9000, Card collecting games and Star Craft? WE SURE DO. Well watch us to list everything over 2 hours. You'll love it. I just had my intelligence insulted for a blistering 2 hours and 20 minutes. I don't know who this movie is for, but it's not for fans of the book. It's a beautiful movie that ruins itself with horrible pacing and non-existent character development.My favorite part is at the end when they casually collapse the world economy two times a week because Spielberg's kids need a life lesson on putting their cell phones down. I know. Every movie does not tell the full story of a book. 
But when I watched the trailers, I already saw that the movie was far, faaaaar away from the book.
Now I watched the movie and my worst fears became reality.What is left over from the book:
The title
Names of the characters (except for Shoto)
That it is about an Easter egg hunt in the OASIS.
More or less the concept of the OASIS.
The colors of the keys and gates incl. the points you get for the gates.
That Aech is driving a truck. 
Wade has his rig (but not the one from the movie) in a scrapyard truck.
IOI is evil. 
Everyone else is good.What was left out:
About everything what you liked from the book, like Wargames, Dungeons and Dragons, Rush, Joust, in fact every arcade game, Pac Man, ...What is different from the book:
Everything!This movie is created for an audience younger than 20 years, who has no idea about the 80s or would understand any references from that time.
To be clear, the whole OASIS is not only 80s, but the Easter egg hunt is.
Also the deaths that happen in the book were removed to have the young audience not to be confronted with the harsh methods from IOI.All characters are and behave totally differently.
Aech is in the book a badass who knows his stuff, not that whiney character in the movie.
Wade is a kid who has no money, IRL and in the OASIS, so no DeLorean from the start.
He starts the hunt with a level 1 sword, shield and leather body armor. 
Art3mis is a chubby girl (would have been great to see that in the movie). So why is Spielberg putting his money on a skinny girl? Great move to give the one chance away to put some self-esteem in non-perfect people.
I-R0k is a stupid looser in the book, not that super strong headhunter.
Really? IOI employees applaud when Wade opens the final gate?!The 80s references used in the movie have nothing in common with the ones from the book. 
But not always the obvious 80s references are the best ones, there are many hidden treasures in the book.
Mr. Spielberg, learn something from Marvel, they used "Lake Shore Drive" in the soundtrack... think about it.
A great movie might have really started an 80s nostalgia boost. But you killed it. What was stolen from other movies:
The OASIS simulation inside the OASIS simulation, from Inception. 
The place around the castle with the lava and high voltage bursts, from Star Wars III.
Rig suits, strongly inspired by Tron Legacy.
I-R0k made like a very cheap Boba-Fett-headhunter-copy, again Star Wars.
Iron Giant raising the thumb while melting in the lava, from Terminator II - Judgement day (when was that? right 1991).In conclusion: 
Mr. Spielberg, you are old enough, you have enough money. Please retire. You lost it long ago.
Maybe you can write a children's book, and watch it getting ripped to pieces by some amateur director, who makes a movie from your book. For the viewers:
If you loved the book. Stay far away from that movie. Never ever watch it. 
You will only scream in frustration, like I did. 
If you have not read the book and you have 2.5 hrs and the money to spare, you can watch it. Maybe you will enjoy it.
But as many others wrote, it is a straight forward plot, cheesy scenes, mediocre story, lame jokes. I don't know how they kept Ernest Cline quiet. It must have either involved a lot of money or threatening him to sue. How else would you silently watch how your hard work gets so destroyed. This is up there with Crystal Skull and Lost World as one of Spielberg's biggest turds. So so bad. For starters this is nothing like the book. The book is all about the details and this adaptation totally misses those. The dialogue was by the numbers. Lots of exposition and at times flat out cheesy. Lots of tell, very little show. Little to no character development. Wade has zero arc in the movie. He's just kind of there. Nothing made me really care for him. I found myself bored many times and the only times I laughed where when I couldn't believe how comically bad this was. Massive disappointment. This is the most pandering movie I've ever seen. Nostalgia doesn't make up for an awful and predictable plot, Terrible acting, and Ham-fisted references. Super boring and predictable, the movie is parasitizing on gamers nostalgia and that's it. The writer of RP1 needs to take a lesson in script writing. The dialogue in this movie is horrific, it is unbelievable and subsequently makes every single character unbelievable and their relationships meaningless. The Shining scene was the only moment I sat up from my slumped state and take my headphones out and even then i was disappointed at everything escaped the scoring which was taken directly from the shining aka a better film. The visuals were nice enough but nothing could bring this movie out if the "look how cool the 80's were" garbage fire it was. Why make a movie based on a book, and change literally every aspect of the book?? I know movies aren't going to be exactly like the books, but this is ridiculous. All over the place. Terrible character development, even worse dialogue. The cgi is awful. For being an immersive digital world supposedly thirty years or so from now, the oasis looks cheap and a lot like something animated by Pixar in the early 2000s. Predictable and boring. 40 minutes too long. Thought about leaving a half hour in, afterwards I was mad I didn't. I just kept thinking it would get better. It. Did. Not. Just walked out of the cinema as I got incredibly frustrated with the movie. The acting was terrible, the story line was completely butchered and the visual effects were rather unimaginative. Whilst I knew from the beginning that it was not a word for word remake of the brilliant book that is Ready Player One, but to butcher the plot this badly is just criminal. The creators of this movie managed to take a fascinating world and box it into a small maggot infested tin of sardines. What a pile of Hollywood rubbish! If you're looking for anything fun from the book, it's probably gone. Your favorite scene or part of the story line regarding the hunt for the keys and search for clues is GONE! Everything is GONE! Forget RUSH, Joust, ZORK, Lich King, Blade Runner, ALL GONE! A very sad screenplay for such a wonderful book. All these people saying get over it because it's a movie and not a book are full of it. Why would you name the movie after an actual book if you were going to literally change every single detail except the names?!?! That makes no sense. Such a disappointment. Keeping this review simple:
1. Almost all of the scenes in the Oasis look AWFUL. Either cartoony or incoherent. There may be a million "cameos" but I could barely pick out more then 3. Every thing is dark, colorless and blurry. Action scenes are impossible to follow.
2. The acting is terrible and wooden all around. Forced jokes (literally no one in my theater laughed once) with bad delivery. 
3. It's like it was written and directed by someone who talked to someone who sorta read the book like 10 years ago. Maybe 10% of the book is in there. If you have a favorite part of the book, it ain't in this movie. None of the details that made the story cool or make sense at all appear in this film.
4. The story and dialogue seem like they written by a 12 year old. Boy meets girl, 10 seconds later boy loves girl. Girl pushes him away, 10 seconds later girl loves boy. Boy says lines like : "Fanboys know haters!"
This movie was a genuine P.O.S. from writing, to acting, to directing to effects. I hate to say, but it did not have a single redeeming quality. And FYI - the Iron Giant is in like 3 minutes of the movie (2 minutes of which already appear in the commercials). My family enjoyed reading the book and laughed and were excited all the way through - so we were thrilled to hear that Spielberg was directing the movie!Oh my gosh - I almost walked out, and would have if I wasn't with my family. A let down in almost every single way, from 80's classic references deleted to interjections of horror that should have never been there. Wow, almost every single thing that was exciting about the book was destroyed in this movie. I wrote this review to save the people's money and time who haven't yet seen it. ... I can't remember the last time I stopped a film before it ended! I did not care the least where this film was going and bailed after 40 minutes... I'm no movie critic, and I will not go in to any details here....:
I will simply sum up my experience. 
I'm 45 years old, and have been to countless movies...
This is the first and ONLY movie I have watched in my entire life where I fell asleep midway watching it... The way the characters were built in the book, the sacrifice that some of them made is all lost by the film version.This is not about struggle, challenge and self discovery but rather a lack luster kids version of the story that is so simple and basic that everything that made the book so complexly simple is just gone...My girlfriend and I for the first time in our 6 year relationship actually thought about leaving the cinema halfway through for the first time.The delivery of this film just makes us so sad. If you liked the book, then you will probably want to walk out of the theater. This is the worst book to movie adaptation I've ever seen and I'm really not exaggerating. I'm so disappointed. I was so excited about this and it let me down in every way except visually. Take everything about the novel and change it to something less interesting and cheesy and this is what you get. A wonderful modern throwback novel full of creative nostalgia and incredibly compelling characters that gets so mucked around in Hollywood movie filth that what you get on the big screen doesn't even remotely resemble the novel at all. If you're looking for anything fun from the book, it's probably gone. Your favorite scene or part of the story line regarding the hunt for the keys and search for clues is GONE! Everything is GONE! Forget RUSH, Joust, ZORK, Lich King, Blade Runner, ALL GONE! A very sad screenplay for such a wonderful book. On the other hand, if you didn't read the book and have no expectations going in.......it still stinks! :( A let down on the scale of Eragon and Avatar the last airbender. This movie twists the book and concepts to a point that it doesn't deserve the name. If you were a lover of this book, don't waste your time or money. While this movie is full of cinematic wonder, that is really where the magic stops. Spielberg sadly took a great book, ripped off the cover, and stuck it on a completely different story. There is no drama, no tension and largely not a lot a story. He did the same thing to Jurassic Park. I was truly disappointed. It started out so well, and then it spun out of control. The only reason I didn't walk out after the first half-an-hour was because I'd taken a friend and it would have been rude to storm out and leave them sat alone. They only came because I'd raved about how great the book was, and how great the movie was going to be. My friend was largely confused, and all I could do was apologise for wasting two hours and twenty minutes of their time.This travesty was made worse because Empire magazine had said that it was a close fit to the book. Shame on Mr Cline, who wrote the book, and also wrote this script. I can't believe an author would do such a spectacular hatchet job on his own material (maybe the blood rushing down the hotel corridor came from all the fans who committed suicide when the saw the prescreening). I wanted this movie to be so much more than it was. And I have no doubt that anyone who is ignorant of the book will find it amusing. But they really shouldn't think too hard otherwise they will spot all the inconsistencies. Like how artimus has the landline numbers for all the five players when they are all keeping their identities secret. Sadly I don't own a working delorian with functioning time-travel to enable me to go back to yesterday and tell me to not buy the tickets. This joins the only other movie that I will never watch again. The remake of the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy (which is amongst my all time favourite stories). Did Steven Spielberg even read this book! So much of the story was altered from the book that it made watching this movie very painful and frustrating. It seems that the movie was made for a different generation rather than the audience that fell in love with the book. Take a note from Peter Jackson when making a movie from a book. I understand that parts will be altered and some parts left out. Making a movie from a book is challenging I am sure. Just don't rewrite it! Even Ridley Scott did better with the Martian. He missed the mark on the humor in the Martian but at least he told the story as the author had written. If you love the book, you will hate this movie. I was beyond disappointed after seeing Ready Player One last night. It is a shadow of the book with barely enough to use the name.If you are a purest and love the book, I do not recommend this movie. If you are a fan of the genre and just want to go see it from that perspective, purge the book from your mind and go.I am disappointed in Steve Spielberg and more so in Ernest Cline for allowing this to happen. Rushed and glossed over the elements that made this a good story. 
Not sure why you would bother adapting a story at all if you don't plan on using the majority of the best parts. 
Don't bother with the movie read the book. I was very excited for this film, it being one of my favourite books of all time but I have to give it 1 star for the main reason that Spielberg has ruined this. The premise is exactly the same but he has lost the whole 80's culture from the book, all the references and jokes. They have squashed it right down and lost the feel for it. The film would have been better as a trilogy. Would have made more sense and more money for the studio. The way the keys were "found" were a joke, any modern pop culture reference that is popular just now he threw in there for no reason at all and threw in a kiss for the love story side of things. I'm not by any means a purist, but this movie COMPLETELY hacks up everything good about the books. It's as if Steven Spielberg, Zak Penn, and even Ernest Cline, the author, hadn't even read the book at all. All theee of them owe fans an apology. 