The problem with this film is not it's look, as it does look amazing, but it's length and  confusing nature.  Now if you've read the book then I dare say you'd have an idea what's going on but if you haven't then what I am told is an 'awesome epic' becomes a rather long film involving walking. And boy do they walk. they walk up hills, through forests, caves and over mountains. And then then walk some more! Another fault with the film is that although the cast has been assembled to be true to the book, none of them have any presence at all. It all makes you wish that someone with some charisma would turn up in a car and get on with it I am a big fan of Tolkien's books, but the movie doesn't do justice to them at all and actually is a major annoyance. The scenery and most of the personae are actually depicted very nicely, but as soon as acting and talking starts it becomes plain that the story has been cut, changed, dumbed down, and vulgarized to such a degree that nothing is left of Tolkien's masterpiece and what remains is just an over-length,  fantasy film with a thin story and boring characters.The film has the subtlety of a sledgehammer, its fundamental assumptions seem to be: (1) if a danger is such that the heroes just might escape then it's no real danger and must be enlarged to ridiculous proportions. (2) Comic relief can only be achieved through slapstick of the crudest kind. (3) Battle scenes must last at least as long as it would take a five-year-old to read the corresponding passages backward in Chinese. Moreover, if they could be done without special effects they are bad and must be "enhanced". (4) A traitor must walk around with a sign saying "I am a traitor".The worst example for this lack of subtlety is that the Ring is handled much too often, too openly, and with too little care. This trivializes the sinister and threatening item and takes away much of the power of the story.The reckless exaggeration in the "action scenes" is equally awful. Case in point the "Gate of Moria"-scene, when the Watcher gives Frodo a ride     in the merry-go-round until everyone had a chance to hack at him; the more restrained story in the book is much more effective IMHO. Similarly mutilated are the scenes: "Crossing of the Brandywine", "Cutting Cushions in Bree", "The Burning of the Riders" at Weathertop, "The Drowning of Sam Gamgee", "Wizards slug it out in Orthanc", and, of course, "They have a Cave Troll", and, really, all of Moria.
The main hero, Frodo, gives the impression of a loser: all the scenes in which (in the book) he shows courage, wisdom, resolve are cut or changed. Worst i find this in the key scenes in the Barrow (cut) and at Weathertop. There is nothing in the film giving any hint why Frodo might be "the best Hobbit in the Shire".Due to the many cut or twisted scenes, more than half of the characters have little resemblance to the ones in Tolkien's LotR: Frodo is a loser, Merry and Pippin are idiots until they suddenly turn out to be warrior princes, Elrond appears to be permanently pissed off -- as if everything "... stinks!", Strider is just another warrior hero (his being a loremaster, a healer, the "greatest traveller of our time" etc. does not show), Galadriel and Lorien is done so badly that i wish it would have been cut completely ("more fair than thought of mortal men" is a tall order, but Jackson does not even manage "fair"). Only Gandalf, Bilbo, and Saruman are rendered more or less well.I could go on, nearly every scene has gone wrong. Nothing of the depth of Tolkien's vision, the attention he paid to details (not only visual but to fine-tuning the development of the main characters) or the poetry in his creation is conveyed. What remains of the story is not told in a very coherent or convincing fashion, neither the acting nor the special effects are remarkable.All in all, a complete and utter failure to turn a great book into a movie. This film is sooooo over-rated. I'd never read the books so went into this with an open mind but was massively disappointed. It is without doubt one of the most boring films I have ever seen.At first I quite liked it even though the f/x were truly terrible and the acting a little wooden. But after the first half hour it turns into mindless drivel. The plot is very dull. A group of creatures have to take a ring to a special place to be destroyed. On the way they have to fight various monsters. And that goes on for 3 hours!! It was so mononetus that I almost fell asleep. I have never fallen asleep during any film but this one really had me dozing off.It has a total lack of humor and emotion and the CGI effects are so fake looking that it ruins any sense of drama. Really, how scary is an army of blurry CGI monsters running at you?The action set pieces have no tension and you are left with a feeling of "Okay, hurry up and beat this monster so we can get to the next one!" That's what it's like. It has NO sense of excitment, danger or suspense and that has to be down to the terrible direction of Peter Jackson.The only joy I had watching this was laughing at some of the performances. Does Elijah Wood realise that he has ONE expression in the whole film? Does Cate Blanchette realise how rediculous her lines are? Do Sean Bean and Viggo Mortensen realise that they look like rejects from an 80's heavy metal act? And what's with Ian McKellan? He's doing nothing more than a bad impression of Merlin the Wizard.In years to come this film will be regarded along the lines of Titanic and Independance Day. If it's lucky. This review contains SPOILERSAll qualities of the book were sacrificed for the sake of an action film full of cheap plot devices, gratuitous and often illogical story changes, and poor characterization. The scenery was actually great, if the camera would ever stop whirling around long enough to allow it to be enjoyed. I appreciate a sweeping camera move judiciously used to set off a dramatic vista, but that device was done to death. The action scenes are such a blitz of brief incoherent cuts that they were hard to watch. The lighting is frequently peculiar, for example everyone in Rivendell looked waxy and sallow. Then there is the music. I am afraid the composer has watched Conan the Barbarian a few two many times. Operatic choir music = bad guys, every time you see them. Yuk! Those are just the minor flaws in this piece of trash.The endless action cliches and cheap devices left me groaning at such a ham-handed treatment of Tolkien. From the sacrifice of Sam, Merry, and Pippin's characters for the sake of comedy, to the crumbling staircase in Moria, to the silly wizard battle between Gandalf and Saruman (complete with the dive off the tower, only to be caught by the eagle ploy). All of this was invented by Peter Jackson, as if the book does not provide enough exciting events to draw upon. It is a long book, and clearly cuts had to be made for a manageable movie. But to expend precious minutes on protracted combats and repetitious detail of Isengard, while leaving out important story and character development is truly sad. In fact, Jackson goes so far as to drag material belonging to The Two Towers (the shortest of the three books) into this movie (which is the longest of the three books).Many of these changes do nothing for the story, sometimes even weaken it. In the books Saruman is in it for himself, believing himself to be the one person who could stand up to Sauron, if only he had the ring. His view of things has been warped by Sauron's subtle control of what he sees through the Palantir. This is much more interesting than Saruman as the avowed lackey of Sauron. The former case makes sense of the treatment Saruman gets at the end of The Two Towers, while the later does not!The combat and action should have been brief, intense, and significant. In the book none of the combat with Boromir defending Merry and Pippin is seen, just the tragic result. The battle in Balin's tomb takes up 1 page out of 400. It is short, fierce, and to the point. The incident of Frodo turning out to be okay after being speared is actually rather funny in the book. In the movie this is blown so far out of proportion I thought I would gag. It is turned into the worst of manipulative `character is killed, oh no they are okay' scenes. And for those long minutes (and many others like them) they sacrificed the Barrow Downs? Frodo's `Cow Jumped Over the Moon' table dance? The hobbits actually getting to know and trust Strider on the way to Rivendell?The worst part is the butchery of the characters. Legolas loses his light-hearted singing nature. Gimli is a caricature from a bad D&D game, replete with Irish brogue. Absent was their caustic interaction and the development of their friendship, one of the hallmarks of the books. Hobbits go from the stealthy nimble people of the books to bumbling comic relief. In the book Sam is clever, loves all things elven, knows old ballads. In the movie he is just dumb and loyal. In the movie Merry and Pippin are turned into witless juvenile troublemakers sucked into the quest willy nilly, instead of dedicated friends conspiring with Sam to go on the quest to support Frodo. And Frodo's own strongest moment, when he defies the Nazgul at the river, is taken away, leaving him just a helpless victim dragged along. And finally, back to that ending battle: where is Aragorn's poignant agony watching the Fellowship fall apart under his leadership? And his tortured choice over which way to go? He doesn't have to make it, because the movie adds a scene between Frodo and him settling the matter.Then there are `the bad guys'. We can start with Sauron in the beginning. He looks like some sort of battle droid transformer monster. What is that?! He is a wizard, and in the history of Middle Earth is most famous for his guile and lies, not being a walking tank. The orcs: of course they are supposed to be scary and nasty. But they are in fact a people. It is clear throughout the books that they are more than beasts. Much of the beginning of The Two Towers hinges on their own politics and personalities, as do the events in Cirith Ungol in The Return of the King. But what we see in the movie are almost-zombies who hiss and growl and grunt a word or two. The biggest problem with all of the evil portrayed in the film is the complete lack of subtlety or mystery. It's all shown in full special effects glory, rather than hinted at as in the books. Have I been frightened at movies? Plenty of times. Was I ever frightened during this one? Never.In fact, that is the big flaw in all of this. Peter Jackson has no sense of subtlety. Everything is explicit and obvious and the viewer is clubbed over the head with it. The movie is informed less by the books than by the stereotype-ridden gaming genre that came out of it. If the movie I saw was in turn novelized, the result would be just one more derivative hack and slash novel that would be forgotten a couple of years after publication. I am assuredly in the minority when I state Jackson's Lord of the Rings Trilogy is some of the worst film making I have ever seen. It would appear that he and his production team read the books, sort of, maybe 30 years ago; bought the Cliff notes, and from that wrote the screenplay. To illustrate my POV, I recommend listening to the superlative 13 hour radio adaptation produced by the BBC, recorded I believe in 1981.Jackson and crew erred when they depended too much on computer fx, and spent too much time on the spectacle of combat and war. I often thought I was watching a slasher movie. What makes the original Trilogy compelling are the relationships and the subtext characters carry with them from beginning to end. To be sure there are mythic battles, both large and small. But they come out of very carefully crafted relationships and a deep well of subtext.I don't quarrel with the New Zealand locations, I do quarrel with the dumpy looking sets that were haphazardly glossed over with computer grafx fixes. I don't quarrel with the casting except Frodo, and yet I found the direction so superficial, and often perplexing, if not simply muddled (Galadriel as an English Vamp?!).A clue to my dissatisfaction can be found in the omission of Tom Bombadil, the only character in the original not affected by the Ring. His eccentric wisdom and unexplained powers ground the plot because there is something, someone who is outside the Dark Lord's power. There is in the Tolkien universe a power unimaginable which Sauron cannot touch. And that is essential to the fabric which holds Middle Earth together. Which Tolkien in his craft and his wisdom knew he had to give expression to. And Jackson in his foolhardiness ignored.Why didn't Jackson's team follow the books with more trust? The master had already worked it out perfectly. Well, almost. The Trilogy wasn't long enough, which Tolkien realized after its completion. Nevertheless, the project would have been immensely improved had Jackson and his team laid out a six episode franchise to match the six books of the Trilogy, taken more time to film it in their excellent locations of choice, and above all, truly paid homage to its original creator by following his work faithfully.These films are a mish-mash which titillated the masses for a brief time. And that is tragic, because it will be long, long before someone will be able to do them justice. Let's get one thing straight: I'm going to be... controversial... daring... notorious... I'm not going to say that this movie was "good". Shock. Horror.I was looking over the top 250 movies on imdb, and there was Lord Of The Rings: The Fellowship Of The Ring sitting in fourth place. FOURTH place? How can this movie be the fourth greatest movie to EVER be created? How? Especially when you find masterpieces such as Schindler's List, American Beauty and Das Boot propping up the pile. It's not a surprise; there's no doubt in my mind that the next two films will also grace the top ten: all three of them, gleaming in a line. But why? Am I the only person in the entire world who DOESN'T think this is "one of the greatest films of all time", "best ever", "sensational"?It's amazing – but when I was asked, "What did you think of Lord of the Rings?" and I had the plain audacity to reply with "It's alright, I s'pose – average", I was greeted with an array of shocked faces. It's like the film no one can criticise. And if you do, you're clearly insane, and deserve to be locked up.As for what I made of the film itself, it started off well – characters developing nicely, interesting storyline. It was once Frodo set off with the ring that things went downhill. This probably originates from the book, but why was everything hidden in the mountains of doom, in the land of evil behind the trees of terror? Did everything really have to be that over-the-top? Even down to the whole: black = bad, white >good?I've not read the book (I also never, ever intend to) – I'm ignorant, clueless, no chance of ever ‘getting it', BUT... when I came out of the cinema, I couldn't even tell you the names of half the characters, let alone anything about their personalities. You form a fellowship, and you'd expect one or two alliances/disagreements to occur. Barely anything. In fact, I was surprised any of them even cared when Gandalf fell over the edge. There was just no depth. It was all action, action, action – and no relationships or much development of characters. Even in The Terminator, you at least knew one or two things about the main characters. What makes a great masterpiece of a film is having action, drama, strong characters, etc. As far as I can tell, the only plus side of this film is the special effects.
A few other points to add...Firstly, half-way through the film, when they arrived at the Elvin village, it almost felt like the film was over. There was all the closure of, "we're safe now..." and not even any cross-cutting back to the black riders. When the fellowship finally set off (a good hour and a half into the film!) it felt like another film was starting.Gollum – the most un-scary thing. Ever. Oh, and the scene where the fellowship were hiding, and one of the hobbits knocked something over – was that meant to be quite so funny?Aragorn and Boromir look near-identical. This is most confusing.3 hours is just too long. Unless the film is worth it. And this one isn't. I dread to think what sitting through the director's cut must be like...
If anyone out there agrees with me, track down the spoof version of this by French and Saunders. That is sheer brilliance.Anyway, I'm off to live in a cave until 2010, when the Lord of the Rings hype should've died down sufficiently. Unless it's anything like Star Wars. In which case, I'll see you 30 years.I can't help but wonder, I wonder if this film would've been successful if not for the huge amount of propaganda and anticipation, which just wasn't deserved?But then again, if this film hadn't been so successful, would I have been so critical?It was probably worth a 7 out of 10. However, it painted itself as an off-the-scale 10. So I'll give it a 1 instead. Ha. Longest torture ever possible! I have hated many movies before but this one i have to use superlatives because it was long as well as bad. I have read Tolkien's The Hobbit, and i will accept that i am not big fan of such fantasy concepts yet i liked the way he wrote the book and after hearing such big things about this movie was really eager to see it. But what a royal wastage of time!!! What could have been a real good movie has been treated so slow, so insanely that i can't believe people actually went to theaters to watch the second movie. I mean isn't it like first movie is what makes the sequels work, here the first movie is so bad that i can't figure out how did the others work? And how can someone kill the army of dark forces by just hitting stones at them? How can someone have so many arrows without ending them up? What was the scene where the Hobbit drops some stuff into the well supposed to convey? So many questions unanswered? Its not only these points that make me feel bad for the movie, there are numerous others, its just that these are the only ones i can remember now. Never knew it would be so bad. Sorry if i am hurting many people, but really i am still trying to figure out how could people like it and rate it so high. No way Jose from my side. First of all, most people who praise this film did NOT read the books. The books are amazing but cannot work as film. Maybe that is why no one has undertaken this epic until now. What I can't understand was how people can praise all the different aspects of it. The costuming and sets were the only thing decent. My complaints? Too many liberties were taken with the book. Now, I'm not referring to the plot elements (which were more or less intact except for Tom Bombadil. If you don't know who that is, read the book!) but the style that Tolkien worked so hard to preserve in all of his books. The first item that was ruined in the first 5 minutes was the mystery of Sauron. Sauron is such an amazing character because you never get more than very small glimses of him. Tolkien keeps this throughout all the books. Jackson ruined that in 5 minutes. Next, the action always follows the hobbits. This put you in the place of the hobbits. What characters would be better for an audience to identify with? They were as much outsiders to this strange world as we are. Unfortunately, Jackson ruined that also.The directing was nothing spectacular. It was unobtrusive, but there was no style really, so it did not add any more depth to the movie. The acting was pretty good, but it could not save the movie from the unforgivable sins that the movie committed to the book.The special effects, though praised, were not good at all. You'd think since they have to do 3 films with hobbits that they would come up with a good way to do them and stick to it. Not the case! The hobbits change size drastically throughout the film depending on the technique that is being used to reduce them. Sometimes they are children, but the worst is when they just put them further from the camera. How is that supposed to work? Although we do not have depth perception in the theater, the audience can still tell when the size difference is only created by the perspective. The CG effects were not outstanding, but after seeing Star Wars: Episode 1, it was nice to know costumes can still be used well.Now, if I had not read the book, would I have a better view of this film? You bet, but too many things from the book were ruined to make it more of a conventional movie. Even still, I definitely would not think it is worthy of being ranked so high on IMDB.com. This film is long.  It goes on and on and on, and just when you think it is finished, it goes on a bit more, and then, when it finally does finish, it just stops.  Rubbish.Lovely scenery, fight scenes quite good, and that's it.I have never fallen asleep at the cinema before but I did today and it was a blessed relief as, for me, the film was only six hours long as I was asleep for the middle two.Avoid this film.  At all costs.  Even more, avoid the kind of dullard lunatics who will say this was fantastic and you must read the books. Don't read the books - they are worse.Stay at home, rent a proper movie, watch it twice, make some tea, watch it again and you will still have used up less of your short life than by watching this terrible, terrible movie.God it was bad. Ok, so forget all the hype and think about it for a second.  3 hours in which nothing much happens except a bit of walking and then a bit of fighting does not a good film make. There may be those who are fans of the book and I don't doubt that to them this is a great film. But to anyone else who have never ventured into the world of Tolkien then it is a huge let down.  There seems to be too much reliance on knowledge from the book as none of the characters seem to have any back story and we haven't got a clue to why they are prepared to take on the quest.The action scenes are few and far between and when they do come they seem a bit lacklustre. The acting is nothing special and there are some scenes (The council meeting) where the effects people must have taken the day off. Which leaves the walking... there's a lot of it. In fact they're some of the best bits as New Zealand looks very nice. However that's all that gets done and after a while I was convinced that the film was going to show and advert for Millets or the Rambling association at the end. Painfully dull though if  rambling or fantasy is not your thing. This comment contains spoilers in that it directs you join me in seeing through the thin veil of Hollywood, and directs you inward to know what you really need and want instead of just explosions and effects...Seriously, this could have been one of the best movies ever made.  That's right, I'm saying it is not.  Even the casual movie fan (movie fan, not one of the mindless herd) has to admit that he/she can sense the fear in the producer's hearts behind every scene in this movie.  They took a great risk in making an expensive trilogy like this, and they did not want to get the short end of the stick.  The result is a compromise;  a combination of good effects and good acting counterpointed with unnecessary cheeze-ball action and, well, bad acting.  The result is a bizarre movie with brilliant scenes followed by terrible scenes.Everyone knows the plot summary, so I will skip it.Every cool scene of dialogue, every touching moment between old friends, and every time we felt the pull of evil, we were quickly (before any of the sheep dozed off), bombarded with a scene of the gang struggling along on their trek fighting creatures and getting blown up.Apparently, according to my friends, I was the only person who noticed the tragedy in the cave troll.  After slowly being disappointed for several hours, I was quite pleased to see the action take an interesting turn like this.  When the cave troll was led into the room, and had a collar on with a "leash" (a chain).  Right away I assumed he was a trained beast, made ferocious by being beaten and tortured over time by his master, much like some people do with pit bull dogs, etc...  When the troll was fatally shot through the mouth by the arrow, he had on his face a moment of unexpected (for me) realization of the wrongness of his actions.  Perhaps this was brought on by his own severe pain and sense that his life would be over in a few moments.  When I was ridiculed for this by my friends, I said perhaps I was just trying to read something interesting into this unnecessary action.
Elijah Wood.  I had trouble at first putting a description to his particular form of bad acting.  I came up with the phrase, "blank acting", because he always has that one blank look on his face.  You know the one, and the example that comes to mind is the look on his face in the scene where the ring "accidentally falls through the air and lands directly over his finger".  A friend of mine found a review that had a better description than mine:  "What he does is not acting, it is face-making, and anyone can do it".Is this a good movie?  As much as "Gladiator" was a good movie, so is this one.  I know the mass herd of movie go-ers return over and over again to see John Woo (and Ridley Scott) and whoever else who claim to have a "new" movie where they just blow stuff up in the same old predictable way, and the people that made this movie know it too.  In order to preserve their bank accounts, they put the explosions in for the sheep to wow over.  My plea for the future is this: If you are going to take a risk, take it and don't compromise.  Make a great film.  Don't let Hollywood or anyone shape all of your craft into one boring blob.  If you can't do that, then you are not a real movie maker. I've seen this movie and I dont see what all of the fuss is about. Its not that great and i dont know why people think it is. I struggled to stay awake and fell asleep several times trying to watch this movie. It a tedious movie and once you finally get into the movie it ends.I'm not saying it was a horribly bad movie or anything I just dont understand why people think it is so good. The movie isnt that good folks. It isn't. The STORY (over the three volumes as purists want to say, it is all one story just published as three volumes]) is good, and the movie looks fantastic and looks what one imagines in the mind as the reader reads, but it doesnt make a good movie.The movie stinks.  Just like Episode 1 stinks.  But "everybody" loved it when it came out except 1000 people in the world. I was one. Believe me, in a few years, you wont think this is such a great movie.  only if one watches all 3 LOTR movies does one think it s good.  by themselves, they stink. After all of the build up leading up to this movie, I was vastly disappointed.  It was probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen! Granted there were moments- like the beautiful villages of the Hobbits and the Elves.  Absolutely breathtaking.  But over all the movie was too dark and gory.  Much more so than the book.  The movie overrode the book in many places to have long, drawn out battles.  Galadriel (Cate Blanchett) was something out of "Carrie," it was too bizarre to be believed.  Casting 20 somethings to play 40-50'ish year old Hobbits (Frodo, Sam, et al.) also struck a jarring note.  Over all a very bad, highly unfaithful adaptation of a very fine work that deserved better justice.  I do not what the academy is thinking with all of it nominations!! I found the changes made in the story line showed Mr. Jackson did not understand the book, -at all.  His his replacing the character of Glorfindel, a warrior, with Arwen, a Lady of the Realm (turned female warrior for no apparent reason other than to attract Xena fans), completely destroys the point of the Tolkien trilogy.  He simply can not undo the damage he has done with this "substitution".  A significant segment in "Return of the King" hinges on the fact that there are not female warriors.I am so disappointed in the film and will not be watching any of the following installments.I just wish Mr. Jackson had bothered to read the books before he butchered them. it is with the greatest displeasure and disappointment that i find myself sat writing this review. having read all 6 of the rings novels i found myself baffled and confused by what i had assumed was a prequel to the hobbit. plot holes a plenty and a considerably stripped down cast (no gandalf, fro-do, or samwise!!) the scene in the crack of doom has been replaced by a video tape showing a small girl sat down a well. i can only assume this is down to budgeting restraints. the much loved council of riven dell has been replaced by a mental hospital. whilst i applaud the directors attempt to create a modern day lord of the rings i cannot condone anything which would make my 3 year old son cry as much as he did when the horse leaped tragically to his doom from the ship and into the unforgiving waves beneath, and i can neither understand nor forgive why Jackson replaced the final and climatic scene at the crack of doom with a black haired girl (presumably the wraith king) clambering from a television set and into the living room of a man obviously too large to be fro-do. why oh why is it so difficult for Hollywood to stick to the books? As a huge LOTR fan from early childhood, it pains me to write this review - but they've completely missed it! The Lord Of The Rings is about, and should be about, and always has been about two things: story and atmosphere, both of which are missed completely in this film.As any other epic story, the plot needs time to develop and breathe, as such, thus creating a connection, on a very deep emotional level with the heroes. What the production team in this case had done, is crammed a huge story into three hours that make a VERY boring viewing. Boring, since the story has no credibility whatsoever when you don't understand why the heroes are where they are at, how they got there, or how long it took them to get there. All it leaves you with, is looking forward to the battle scenes, in which you will find yourself thinking: 'yeah right, whatever', on more than one occasion.On top of that, or rather because of all that, with the exception of Sir Ian Mckellen as Gandalf, the heroes seem ridiculous and pathetic and you are left feeling completely indifferent to them! Unheard of! Indifferent to the heroes of the LOTR! Oh dear, you got it SO wrong! Shame! Whenever I think about this film, I can't help but thinking about Gladiator, which I thought was fantastically written and executed. LOTR HAD the potential to be as good, but, and it pains me to say that, is not even in the same league.My money back please. As I started seeing the commercials for this movie I was convinced that this would be a typical fairy tale movie, not worthy of being seen.Until today I was definitely not going, but as circumstances went I wound up at the theater at 2pm, almost late, but in time for the start.The movie started nice - black stuff all over and bad guys who look like they need a lot of facial hair to cover their ugliness were all over the place.The middle was "interesting" - a lot of run and other stuff, comparable to run. Scenery was outstanding.The end was, uh, gone. Where did the end go? Someone quickly think of another hour for the ending. The end left things pretty unfinished, since the good guys neither died nor won. I think another 3 long hours for the finish would be added as a sequel or something.At the end I would say that the only thing good about this was the scenery and the cast. Nothing else is worth spending $8 and sitting in a chair for 3 hours. The plot seems full, long - 3 hours long, the story seems involving, but not to me. Overall I heard a lot of people say "why did I come here", or saw people leave a good hour before the thing was officially over.I've heard a lot of people who've already read the book say it's good and at the same time a lot of people that haven't say it's awful.If you really need to find out if it's good or not you should go see it, but if you trust me - rent it a month later for a lot less. the problem of the movie is mainly that it is made to be liked by as many people as possible, and that´s never a good start for anything. i don´t like jacksons personal visions of the book. he degraded the horrifying black riders to nothing more than weak actionfigures. saruman is too early and often shown, so he can´t be as fear-creating as he is in the book. his (jacksons) direction is more or less unsatisfying, and the acting is -with the exception of hugo weaving (elrond)- bad. jackson would have done good respecting that "the lord of the rings" is no romance but some sort of great "fantasy road movie". missing bombadil and good-fitting music (from rosenman) i will by any time prefer the bakshi animated-feature from 1978 (although it´s incomplete, and bombadil is missing too.. someone finish this movie, pleeeeease).. i´m personally disappointed that a great man like howard shore (crash, silence of the lambs, dead ringers, existenz, the fly, ed wood) could do such a boring score. Ok, I admit, I liked The Mummy movies. They are fun, totally unpretentious, have good CGI..are a good way to eat some popcorn...yet not what I call 'high cinema' by any means..but then again, it doesnt set out to be, so  I enjoy it for what it is.  Sigh...maybe  Jackson really meant to make a Mummy movie. If thats true, then its a shame considering the source material he had to work with.Don't get me wrong..the movie was good, worth seeing,   very entertaining, and surely better than Phantom Menace- but only just so. While Phantom Menace only had Lucas' feeble literary  talents to rely on, FOTR had (supposedly) THE greatest fantasy novel of all time, the template by which other series are based, the creator of 'fantasy' as we know(and love) it today.  So why was the film so paltry?  The reason is that Jackson like Lucas fell victim to the same faux pas...Faux Pas #1-Assumption of prior familiarity:  Lucas relied on the audience's past knowledge(and love) of the SW world to 'carry them' thru the film and supply all the emotion(not good).  Similarly, Jackson's movie did the same. I was introduced into alot of characters in this movie and b/c of the frenetic pacing and abysmal screenplay, I only definitively knew the names of say 5 characters-maybe.  I had no insight into who they were, what drove them, what their relationships to others were..nothing. Most of the characters, save maybe Gandalph and Frodo were limited to 2D, at best, rendering them mere props and not the grand characters I imagine they are in Tolkein's novels. Thus I had the feeling that had I read the book, alot of what happened would have made more sense and I would have cared what happened to the characters.I would have been involved and 'pulled' into the film. As it was..I was interested in what happened...but not horribly affected either way by what did happen, a few scenes aside.Faux Pas #2-Ok granted...I say Lucas did better in this respect...character interrelationships. Quite frankly, I saw very little of what made the "fellowship' an actual fellowship other than the 'annointing' at Rivenden(another place I didnt know the name of til I went to chat after the movie). It seemed to me the reaction by the fellowship to Gandaph's 'passing' was amusingly exaggerated(eps with the violins in the background)..when you consider that half of them had only met the man (what seemed like) days ago. I saw nothing to hint at any nature of a relationship between most of the characters,excpet for maybe Frodo and Gandalph.  The boys meet Strider..they go off with him for no apparent reason.  Strider has a lady love..they have a scene for seemingly no reason as I was not given any back info to show me why I should care about them.  It seemed to me that Arwen was a horribly contrived characer...her only raison d'entre being to save Frodo's life...Deus ex Machina to the nth degree.  Then Gimli(another name I learned after the movie)utters the trite 'the felloship is broken' while the whole time I'm like 'well...its only been a few days..that was a quick dissolvement  and besides...its not like they are chums anyway'.  It just seemed to me that the movie threw conclusions at you, but gave you no reasonable build up or preparation.  I mean..come on...we see them travel on foot on a mountain, but after that all of a sudden  they have a horse named Bill that apparently is dear to them?!?Please.Faux Pas #3 Too Many smoke and mirrors at the expense of storytelling-Here Lucas and Jackson both failed miserably. But...at least where Lucas did it, he did it well. I really cant beleive comments that say the visuals were breath taking. Yes some of the scenery was really good, and some of the CGI was grand.  But  the rendering in some of the scenes was just horrible-I mean..In Ep 1 I know everything was not real, but at least the parts that werent were not GLARINGLY fake..the scene with the cave troll was just laughable.  The Balrog...good, but how can I be scared of this 'monster' when 9  character  have just outrun  1000  baddies....and no the graphics were not 'groundbreaking' for it either.  The cinematography during the CGI scenes too often seemed blurry...I felt sorry for the folks up front during those scenes. So, on the whole I felt the graphics were derivative and in some cases dowright bad.  I saw better eye candy in Shrek and FF this year. But, so as not to seem to nitpicky Ill say this...the effects I can live with, as long as I get a good story with good characters..story was good but woefully failed in part 2 for me.Faux Pas #4-this one belongs to Jackson alone...Condensation of an Epic Story.  And no, I dont mean condensation in terms of what was or was not in the books b/c I havent read them. I mean in terms how...if this story is so epic, sweping and grand...how come it feels like it took 10 days?  We are told how far it is to get to Rivvendale(i think?)..yet, three days later wham! here we are.  Gandalph leaves frodo, journeys to a place seemingly 2 blocks away from Mt. Doom and comes back to the shire in what seems like hours.  We are told the Fellowship are in for a long perilous journey..yet seemingly 2 days later, there they are in the mines, halfway there.   Now granted...time is a concern..but surely they could have done something...some scenes of them 'on the road'(and not of them just arriving at the place they need to be), maybe some change of seasons.the only snow I saw was at the top of a mountain..yet, when they visit Cate Blanchett it seems sunny and warm again like it was when they set out.Or how about even some wear and tear on the characters..something, a voice over saying how many 'moons' had passed, something.  Given the pacing of the movie  I lost alot of the 'epic scope' Id hoped a film like this would possess. It made it feel horribly rushed like everything in between battles was just the set up to get to another battle....Like another movie I know...like The Mummy.-AN 7 out of 10 stars ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ i barely sat through this movie once but when i had to watch it a second time i simply feel asleep. This movie was a combination of bad acting and bad writing. It is no where near as good as some people say. i don't care how many awards it got. It was such a waste of time. I mean come on, Elijah Wood can't act to save his life, and the guy that played 'Sam' was a good actor in other stuff i saw him in but he was terrible in this. I'll give him the benefit of the doubt though and assume it was the writing. I mean i can get past the cheesiness of Star Wars because I love both the original and the new trilogies but LOTR is ridicules! I know this is just my opinion but i mean you're insane if you honestly thing this movie deserved awards. I had been meaning to see this one for a while, but never got round to it, eventually managed to see it on the saturday after episode II opened, (the screens not showing star wars all being eerily quiet)All i can say is how very very boring!  I really wanted to like this film, my friends said they enjoyed it, but really, where was it going, it was just the worst three hours spent of my life, it is worse than Episode I and i HATE that film.I found myself totally uninterested in the characters, when the Gandolf died, i was not in the slightest bit bothered, i had no immotional connection to the characters and really did not care for them.The film is overlong in the extreme, and nothing happens!  there are a few measly little battle scenes and that is it.  I can't help but feel that if this wasn't part of the LOTR franchise it would have sunk without trace, if it had not been LOTR no-one would have put up with this three hour treck.In three words BORING BORING BORING (and i usually like these sort of films) I know it's a matter of taste, but I CANNOT believe this film is rated so highly!!!??? I found it to be an awful, pompous, humourless, simple-minded, way too long film for any sane person to sit through and - even more bewildering - enjoy. Whether it's the zillion childish fantasy names that get thrown at you constantly, or the seemingly endless string of battle sequence after battle sequence without any real dramatic development ("oh my! watch out! yet another group of really weird looking gnomes out to kill us, quick, that way everybody!! Phewww... we just barely survived - on to the next!"), or the annoyingly dreamy blue eyes of the main character, or the simplistic way of looking at good vs. evil - i just couldn't stand it. If it wasn't for my girlfriend who loves the Tolkien books and who i ha d promised to give it a fair shot (which i REALLY did), i probably would've walked out after 45 minutes at the latest. Kitschy, over-budgeted, highly overrated heroic fantasy spectacle - Yuk. Finally took in Lord of the Rings and I'm wondering why this movie is so highly praised (#4 of all time? - not even close).  The battle scenes are far too cheesey Western/"A-Team"ish (1,000 bullets flying around (arrows in this case) and no one gets hit - except of course the "bad" guys).  The dialogue was hard to hear on more than one occasion because the background music was so LOUD and the special effects were not all that "special".  In fact, based on the technology of the time, The Wizard of Oz runs circles around Lord of the Rings.  Finally, as other's have mentioned, each movie should be it's own entity.  The ending was a total let down. After watching LOTR and cursing it as the worst movie of the year, I decided to take a look at the books to see what the fuzz is all about. Well, the reading of "The fellowship of the ring" made me reconsider my opinion. The movie it's A LOT WORSE after reading it. I liked the book, but it will not be in my favorite list.I can't stand the great deal of people who are claiming that "Peter Jackson did a wonderful job adapting the book to the screen" and that "it couldn't be better" without even reading the book!Many people say, "it's impossible to adapt a book to the screen". Well, guess what, it's not. If you watch and read "The godfather" you'll know what I mean. I consider the movie even superior than the book, it's pecfect in every way. Another good example it's "2001: A space oddisey", while in this case the book is superior, the movie it's a very good work. The list goes on: Gone with the wind, Lawrence of arabia, A clockwork orange, The wizard of Oz, The grapes of wrath, blah, blah. I guess that LOTR it's not even one of the 100 greatest adapted screenplays of all-time.First of all, the events in the book are slowly revealed, a little bit at a time, it makes the whole thing much more interesting. In the movie we start with a voice-over spoiling us all the emotion and trying to make us think "wow, this movie is gonna be great, look at that big monster".Second, everything in the book happens for good reason. A lot of scenes from the book appear in the film, but their reason it's very different. For example the parting of Frodo from the shire has a lot more of preparation, planning and help from his hobbit-friends, why? If you want to know, read the book, it's explained there with a lot of detail. In the movie it's off-and-go, for no reason at all. I have to say this also about Merry and Pippin, in the movie they're pointless. Another bad scene, this one involving snow, comes to my mind.Third, middle-earth it's portrayed in the book with great detail, it's very real. I can imagine every square-inch of it, the vegetation, animals, climate, soil, etc. In the book we see it mostly as a CGI generated background and it looks fake.Fourth, acting. This is the worst part of the movie. The dialog it's just stupid, it makes the characters look like cardboard. They take themselves too seriously, and they speak as if they were reading some ancient sacred text. The book has this feeling also, but the book pretends to feel like an ancient sacred text. Also, everyone has the same facial expression trough the whole movie (specialy Frodo).Fifth, in the book, the pacing it's very slow. It gives us the impression that middle-earth it's a slow place. That the news take months to travel from town to town. There's no technology, but there's history, culture, myth, art and traditions. Frodo is scared to death when he hears that black riders were seen in this town, or in that place. Every time closer. In the movie, we only see Frodo being chased by scary-looking men in black, who made us say: "Look, the bad guys". Also, in the movie we see people killing bad guys at an incredible fast rate, then, after they managed to escape in an unconvincing way with help from someone you didn't expect, they kill more bad guys.AND ABOVE ALL, THE ENDING. Please!!!! This is the result of making the three movies at the same time. It just fades to black in the middle of the story. Altough the book ending it's very similar, it leaves you satisfied, and wanting to know that will happen next. The movie just stops. I guess the next movie will begin from the next frame this one finished. Amazing that the ending didn't catched up Frodo in the middle of a word.In my opinion, this movie it's bad, and it drags on forever. Ask yourself this questions, I give you my answers:1. Is it innovative? No, there are a lot of movies which use the techniques used here. 2. Is it original? No, adapting a book to the screen it's done by Hollywood in a regular basis. If you say that the story it's original, then you're really saying that the book it's original. 3. Does it have great fx? I don't think so. This movie uses almost the same fx techniques than "Star Wars: The phantom menace". If the effects were somewhat different, they weren't real enough. Even "Jurassic Park" fx are better 4. Does it have memorable scenes? No, even the death of Gandalf was laughable.Overall, I have given my opinion before and after reading the book. And my conclusion it's this: This is the second most over-rated movie of all times (the first one it's Titanic). It's nothing new, original or great. Too bad that the other two movies are already finished, because they're gonna be just like this one. 