So, £85 million well spent? I guess since they've already made more than double that back, then from a financial point of view - Yes! But as a film....Frankly I would rather remove one of my own limbs with a blunt hacksaw, then eat it raw before I watched this again. 2.5 hours of some of the most boring drivel, bad acting, weak special effects and irritating children you could hope to come across. The sooner these "Child Stars" descend into a drug and sodomy filled adolescence the better for all concerned.Yes I have read the books, and yes, I enjoyed them, but this is still one of the dullest films I've ever encountered. Sticking to the original story is one thing, but when the audience are left praying for the last 5 chapters to be cut, something's gone wrong.Back to my original point - where did the £85 million go? The Quidditch match was about on a par with King Kong for realism, and using Fungus the Bogeyman for the Troll was a masterpiece of imagination-free modelling. Perhaps all the money went on getting the magic tricks to look right? Or maybe not. How much effort does it take to have some brat wave his wand, the camera cuts away, comedy explosion sound effect, then camera cuts back to child with spiky hair and blackened face? Pure genius! They really have pushed back the boundaries of comedy here.All in all I feel cheated out of 2.5 hours of my life, and I strongly recommend that you don't fall into the same trap. If you have 2.5 hours that you really want rid of, then I'd suggest spending it slowly rubbing sandpaper over your eyeballs - it's cheaper, and more pleasant on the senses. This film was to put it simply rubbish. The child actors couldn't act, as can be seen by Harry's supposed surprise on learning he's a wizard. "I'm a wizard!" is said with such indifference you'd think he's not surprised at all. I've never read the books and this film did nothing to make me want to read them. The only spell this cast over me was one to get me out of the room as quickly as possible every time I have seen this on after my first viewing of it in the cinema. If you want to see a decent book made film watch Lord of the Rings or possibly the sequel to this which I thought was actually good. 1/10 I have not read any Harry Potter books.  Be that as it may, when the glowing reviews started to come in for this film I decided to take a look at it.  I cannot comment on the translation from book to film or the quality of Rowling's books but the film of the very first novel is quite horrible.  I tried to like it, but I found it excruciating to watch.  It took me no where and, even worse, it really didn't have much of a plot.  The thin shreds of plot were introduced 1 hour and 45 minutes into the film.  The first part of the film was obviously conceived to give a background to the viewer of the Potter world.  Unfortunately there was little to grip me here and I found most of it to be grossly out of place.  What the heck does a game of "Quidditch" have to do with the story?  It, and many other things, were just eye candy.  The characters were stale and seemed like rejects from a Roald Dahl story (see James and the Giant Peach).  I'm flabbergasted that such a piece of junk has attracted so many adamant fans.  No wonder kids don't know how to read or write very well anymore.  No wonder Britney Spears and N'Sync are so possible.  The piece of trash that is Harry Potter explains it all - the current generation will cling to anything as long as they don't have to think for themselves.  'Tis a pity. 2 1/2 hours of Boredom. Half the audience fell asleep, including most of the kiddies. Beautiful to look at, but that does not make for a interesting film. Rather spend your money on Lord of the Rings. Why all the glowing comments?  This is one lame movie.  Haven't we seen these types of special effects enough already?  The acting was lame.  The story was lame.  The pace was slow.  The scenes overly long and trite.  I was bored out of my mind.  I don't really think that most children would honestly like the movie very much except for the fact that it's been hyped so much.  They probably have collected all the toys and such that go along with the marketing of this drivel.  It looks to me that the overly positive reviews are from those that are a part of the sheep syndrome that is sweeping the nation.  Join the flock or be an outcast?  Sorry, I'm not so easily led...this is one lame movie.I feel so bad for Richard Harris.  One of his last roles and it had to be this weak character.  He's probably had worse rolls, but this certainly is not one to be proud of.  Big beards do not make a character wise or strong. Alan Rickman's character was by far the best played one. 
I'll rate this 1/10 because of the pretentiousness of the whole thing. Sorry kids, this one does suck. Warning: there may be spoilers ahead. Not like it matters, because the whole movie is rotten anyway, and you're better off not seeing it.I really don't get what kids like so much about this drivel. The main problem is that the characters are not likable. Not that they are dislikeable, they are just flat and bland like altar bread. And they don't change at all from the beginning to the end. Who's to blame - the bad actors, the mediocre director, or the awful writer? Really, I've seen far better character development in "Revenge of the Nerds".And the story is just dumb. It starts with a good point: a kid with magical powers. Where did I hear that before? Oh, of course: "The Books of Magic". Except for the fact that JK Rowling is no Neil Gaiman... but anyway, here's an example. When Potter's magic powers first appear, he never seems to be too puzzled by them, never gets scared, nor thinks about using them to exact revenge from his cruel family. Hello? Anyone there ever read "X-Men"? If you suddenly get super-human powers, you must be puzzled and tempted!Talking about cruel families... they can be excellent plot devices. Green Goblin, anyone? But Potter seems to be immune to a decade of humiliation. Sure, he is quite lethargic (or is it bad acting?), but is never aggressive or rancorous. Which makes no sense.There are lots of other bad scenes, like the ridiculous chess scene. Remember that scene of "Attack of the Clones" that was sometimes mockingly described as 'Star Wars meets Megaman'? This is similar, but even worse. There's no sensible reason for this place to exist, yet it does. Even if the rest of the movie was not a disgrace, that scene alone would have ruined it. Any suspension of disbelief that had survived the previous awfulness of the movie was killed at that exact moment.Bad acting, bad directing, bad visual effects, bad music, and - above anything else- the bad writing... with all these problems, this movie ends up bland like drinking warm water. It has absolutely no flavor - but it can still make you want to throw up. This film is simply awful, the acting is a joke. Being a fan of the book I decided to buy the DVD without seeing at the cinema or renting it before, but I was extremely dissapointed. Daniel Radcliff's acting is terrible, in my honest opinion he was only hired because he looks like the illustrations of Harry Potter and he is definatly what I had pictured in my mind but his acting makes a mockery out of the film and turns it into a spoof of the book, instead of bringing it to life. I definatly won't be rushing to the shops to get the second film too soon. ***SLIGHT SPOILERS*** As an adult, it didn't appeal to me in the least. The effects were poorly done, the giant plot leap in the middle ("lots of strange things are happening-- hey, I know! it's definitely because the creepy teacher guy wants the thing under the trap door under the three-headed dog") threw me completely out of the story. It's really a kids only movie, which disappointed me, because I'd been hearing such good things about it. And then at the end, Harry is sent back to his abusive adoptive parents. So much for changing one's situation.And I know that they had to cut tremendous amounts of story in order to make it only 2 1/2 hours long (which was still way too long for this movie). After waiting in line outside the theater with tickets bought a week ahead of time, I must say I was truly disappointed. I'm even more saddened by the commercial success and the lunacy of die hard Harry Potter fans which will keep this sad and poorly-written movie in theaters much longer than it needs to be.Some books should remain books. Many viewers of this film applaud its faithfulness to the book, however they miss that while the film includes much of the book in it (more than is necessary in fact), it lacks the central story.  That is:  the story of a young boy who has suddenly had his wildest dream come true, and who now must deal with his newfound celebrity, his amazing magical heritage, and most of all, day to day life at Hogwarts with his friends (and enemies).  The movie is more preoccupied with populating Hogwarts with ghosts and moving staircases than it is with characters of any depth.  Everyone from the book, Harry included, suffers from a serious lack of on-screen development, and as a consequence the story lurches  ponderously from event to event without the throughline that stong character development would bring.  I, for one, am not easily impressed by effects, no matter how impressive, especially when they are a duplicitous substitute for the real strength of a story such as this:  character. It's a movie made for people who think that magic is cute and fun.  If you're a fantasy fan like I am, and believe in magic (in a fictional sense) then you may very well detest this movie, as I did.  Magic comes easily to little Harry Potter, who has no personality to speak of except that he is occasionally sad that he never met his mum and dad.  Years of abuse and neglect have left not a mark on him, so when he gets invited to Hogwarts Academy of Magic, he has nowhere for his character to go.  There he flies around on his broomstick and gets to be a big hero quite by accident without ever confronting any serious obstacles or anything resembling a plot.  In all this, the film is an excellent adaptation of the book, which also thought that magic is cutesy wootesy. Literally anyone could write this story. Nothing is original, the effects are mostly bad, the acting is bad, the direction is bad and the music score was written by John Williams 25 years ago (if you get my meaning).This movie isn't funny enough, dark enough or smart enough to be considered interesting. It's very simple and too boring.The studio executives have gone really stupid nowadays; the original and interesting ideas are never promoted, they always seem to go for the safe (meaning stupid) bet.1/10 terribly contrived and juvenile.  From the outset, it treats viewers like they were little children - the problem is, that most children won't realize how terrible it is because they haven't the breadth of experience to notice how contrived and unoriginal the plot is.I don't blame Columbus though, JK Rowling has created a cliched story full of unoriginality and character shallowness.  The fact that Harry Potter seems to be everybody's favourite and is virtually invincible in the film just makes you feel sick at how predictable this film is.And the ending - my gosh, what a terrible ending.  Star Wars was bad enough with their super proton topedoes that destroy whole mother ships (and stupid Darth Vader never learnt the lesson of having such weaknesses from his experience in The Phantom Menace).  But Harry Potter tops it with it's ridiculous ending whose sole explanation is a mother's love? Ludicrous!Go see a real movie, from the original genius of JRR Tolkien: The Lord of the Rings. In 2001, the Harry Potter posters were everywhere in Hong Kong. I decided to go to the movie. However, I was very disappointed. I did not understand what the movie is about until I read the book. I think J. K. Rowling did a good job in writing the story but the movie makes no sense at all. All the plots are not linked up. The characters are bad. Daniel Radcliffe is a very bad actor. Many other better actors could be chosen. I think he was chosen just because he looks like the Harry Potter on the front cover of the book. The costumes are bad. The special effects are bad. The entire movie is not bad but very very very bad.If you want to learn about the Harry Potter stories, go straight ahead to the book, but definitely not the movie. At first I liked the Harry Potter series, it was imaginative, it was original, it was funny, and it had promise. Then the second one came out, "oh WOW this is heaven, it can't get better than this", then the third came out, "I was wrong about the second, because this is awesome". Then in between finishing the third and the release of the fourth I read the Lord of the Rings. And shortly after, the movies for both came out. I realized the huge difference, I was psyched out when I heard they were making a Harry Potter movie, but there they go and ruin it. Did you know Spielberg was originally supposed to direct, until Miss Rowling insisted it HAD to be an all British cast, in walks in Chris Columbus, a guy who directed Robin Williams in becoming a woman in "Mrs. Doubtfire", and a guy who's obviously willing to give in to any demand thrown at him by the author as long as he makes money. Well Mr. Columbus seemed to direct Ron into acting like a woman as well. You throw in a B list of child actors and a list of acclaimed adult actors who are far past their prime and who only opted to make these films because their grandchildren begged them to, and you have the first Harry Potter movie. There has never been a more horrific performance than that of Rupert Grint, who now dominates the worst performances of all time, kicking Jake Lloyd from The Phantom Menace out of the way. Daniel Radcliffe doesn't really possess much talent either, I highly doubt he has any future after this film, as far as acting goes anyways. As for Emma Watson, who thinks she's the best in the world, and if you think I'm talking about her performance as Hermione, you're dead wrong, have you listened to her in interviews? The room can barely fit the three of them; her, the interviewer, and her ego. Her performance is also astonishingly bad. I forgot to mention the horrible special effects, I have seen better on TV watching "Power Rangers". I mentioned the Lord of the Rings earlier to make reference to the obvious ripoffs of Miss Rowling. Firstly there are the dementors, cloaked ghostlike figures whose faces you never see (cough, RINGWRAITHS!). The whomping willow seems to ring a bell (ENTZ). The Giant Spider named Aragog (SHELOB). The trolls also seem to resemble something I've seen before... OH YEAH, the trolls in Lord of the Rings! Hopefully Warner Bros. choice of hiring different directors for the rest of the films will pay off. But this is the perfect example of a book that could have made an Oscar worthy classical movie, but fell short because instead of making it what it was intended to be they chose to skimp on the effects to make more money on little kids who think it's great because they're too young to watch real special effects in Star Wars or LotR. It really makes me sad, because in the months prior to the first movie I was marveling at the promise of it all. Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, they got John Williams to do the score, and like that, it was ruined. Although it does seem that my opinion differs from the rest of the world as Miss Rowling is just raking it in and so are the filmmakers, making even more money by skimping on the special effects that will no doubt succeed in dazzling children who aren't yet potty trained. Here's one buck the woman won't get her hands on. About halfway through Harry Potter 1, I considered walking out.  It's not that it was godawful, but having read the book, I knew how it all worked out-- and I had no confidence left that there would be anything the least bit interesting about how Rowling's story would be illustrated.That's what it is; the book faithfully, and dully, illustrated, line by line.  It's so faithful to the order of incidents (and the need to keep the story moving) that it has no time to give us any of the characterization that made us root for Harry; at best we get instantly recognizable movie stereotypes (Draco Malfoy has a Richie Rich 'do, therefore he must be from the same snotty rich kids' fraternity as Greg Marmalard).  Seemingly ideal casting-- Alan Rickman as Snape, say-- is wasted when the characters turn out only to have half a dozen lines in the entire movie, most of them expository.  Maggie Smith, Ian Hart, Richard Griffiths, Fiona Shaw, all wasted; the peerless John Cleese as Nearly Headless Nick has, as memory serves, all of two lines-- one to explain why he's nearly headless, and one to announce, in Boys' Own Weekly cliches, that the Quidditch Cup is sure going to be hotly contested this year.  Maybe only Robbie Coltrane and John Hurt get enough dialogue to begin to sketch a character.
The other problem-- not unrelated, surely-- is that Chris Columbus is, for the millionth time, the wrong wrong wrong director for the job.  He has no sense of magic, of mystery, of English eccentricity.  Give him two wizards skulking about a suburban tract house, and he'll make them seem as ordinary as two retirees strolling and chatting about the weather.  Give him an evil spirit sucking the blood of a dead unicorn and being interrupted by a centaur, and he makes it seem like two retirees strolling and chatting about the weather.  Give him a chess game, and he makes it seem like World War III.  Give him Gringott's bank, and he ignores the baroque set that's been built and can't wait to show us a big pile of gold, which is surely a bit revealing.  This isn't as awful a blockbuster as, say, Tomb Raider, but it comes from the same land of impoverished imagination camouflaged with booming, expensive yet somehow cheap-looking special effects. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, as it is called everywhere else besides the US, and I'd like to know why, is no more than a 5th rate failure at best.  Now I know I'm probably enraging every single person who has read the novel, however this movie is not the novel.  Book and Film are two totally different mediums.  Something that works in a novel, wont decessarily work on the big screen.  Harry Potter is the greatest example of that.Colombus decided to change very, very little in his adaptation of the novel, which is the movie's greatest fault.  An author has the luxury to spend pages and pages describing a certain image in a story; a film does not have that kind of luxury.  The movie was terribly boring due to the fact that Colombus tried to pace the movie the same way as the book.  That is an impossible feat.  The movie is not meant to be some companion to the novel. If that was the truth, then the 7 billion people who havent read the novel wouldnt even bother showing up to watch.  A movie is supposed to have a broad audience in order to make money, if Colombus feels that he is only making the movie to please Potter fans, then AOL Time Warner will have a huge failure on their hands.  I've never read the book, and some may say that that is the reason why I didnt enjoy the movie.  But again, I went to see a movie, not read a book.  The Godfather is not a classic because it stayed true to Puzo's novel.  It is a classic because Coppola knew what elements would need to be changed in order to make the book filmable. Colombus doesnt have a clue.The only thing good about Harry Potter was the cinematography.  Most of the film looked brilliant, especially Hogwarts itself.  Yet, a visually pleasing film does not make the film suddenly good.  It doesnt even come close.  The effects are just a testament to the fact that Colombus got his priorities way wrong when he filmed this boring, plodding paced movie.  I voted it a one, I was feeling generous. Ouch. This film irritated me so much I was in tortuous pain by the end of it. I only really have one reason for despising this film, but this reason is so monumental in its power that it caused me to spend much of the film writhing around on the carpet in agonising spasms, spasms from which I am only just beginning to recover. The reason ladies and gentlemen, is terrible child acting.The three kids, in particular the girl, are guilty of some of the most trite, sickly sweet overacting ever seen on the silver screen. They reminded me of primary school plays where the most precocious kids in the class are given the leading roles rather than those with any semblance of charisma or acting ability. They somehow fail in portraying any tangible or believable emotion whatsoever. They do however succeed in over-pronouncing every single letter of every syllable of every word as if the Lord of Language himself (possibly Stephen Fry) were watching over them ready to strike them down in the event of a missing 't' in sweet or a missing 'g' in bloody annoying. It is the cinematic equivalent of Maria Carey warbling up and down through every conceivable note in order to try and prove that she can sing; but in doing so exhibiting a pretentiousness that has no place on this earth.My unofficial award for worst acting performance is currently held by the actor who played young Anakin Skywalker in The Phantom Menace, but these three run him very close indeed.Someday I will get around to reviewing the film's plot and characters but only when the agony and nausea are fully extinguished from my limbs and I can once again look out upon the world with the asceticism and joyful exuberance that have become my trademark. Good day. I've read the book only to see what all the hype's about. I must admit I was pleasantly surprised. It was a very easy book to follow and dares to be nothing more than it actually is - a plain old nothing-new-under-the-sun children's book. In that, Rowling did a fine job. Snippets from Lord of the Rings, Dracula, Ender's Game, to name a few, were bluntly used throughout the book and meshed together to form this trashy, 2 cents of a fantasy story. Oh well, as long as it keeps my children reading.But the movie... oh, well, now that's plain sad. I don't recall ever seeing such forced adaptation of a book to a movie. Everything about this movie is wrong. The younger actors act so bad they seem to take part of some sorry school play, the CG effects are ridiculously unrealistic, the script is just a scribble of the original book's text rather than telling an actual story. And the list goes on.The fact that Rowling insisted on having only British actors seem to have been the first mine laid on a shaggy path to a bearable movie. Steven Spielberg (who was offered the job) could have done a much better job in directing just as much as Haley Joel Osment (6th Sense, who was suggested by Spielberg for the part) could have been a MUCH more convincing Harry Potter. A whole lot of the experience was missed, as the rest was brutally murdered by idiotic idealism by the author. Plain sad.The worst part is that such a horror of a movie had earned so much money to its makers. Kinda blows away all wishes of becoming a good, hard-working director... it seems that skill has nothing to do with success. :)It deserves nothing more than 1/10. If you want a quick and easy way to punish your kids take them to see  Harry Potter. This overlong and boring movie will put them to sleep.  The acting was economy class at best and the plot stank worse than a  moldy anchovie sandwich. The only good thing to come out of the movie  is the undeniable talent of Robbie Coltrane. To bad the man wasted his  talents on this piece of trash.  Chris Columbus just can't direct and newcomer Daniel Radcliffe can't  act. The special effects were actually pretty decent for the film.  I would give this movie 0/10 but there is no zero on the voting so I  had to give it a one. First off I'll start on the basics that others have mentioned. The acting is bad from the three child-actors. I thought this might be because they were so young but I've seen the fifth film and it still doesn't improve. Their acting is on a "school play" level with over-emphasised lines and facial expressions. Daniel Radcliffe was chosen for this film because he looks like the character but by the fifth film he no longer looks like him. The silly glasses make this slightly better but it's a cheap effect. The ginger kid was annoyance personified and I could write an essay on his irritating habits. I detest the way he uses soft swear words like bloody with that fake working class accent. The girl overdid the "goody goody girl" role.The fact that they were friends from the start and stayed together the whole time was so unbelievable, by the fifth film they're still all together mainly. Rowling obviously copied this from other children's books but it doesn't make it any more believable. Those sort of "group" friendships never happen in school in real life."Harry Potter"? Couldn't she have thought of a better name. Only "John Smith" would have been more generic. A book or film in which the main character is called Harry Potter could be about anything. When I first heard about the books and the plot i.e. a boy who goes to wizard school, I immediately thought that it was just a copy of "The Worst Witch" by Jill Murphy. That book is more consistent, has better characters and is a true pleasure to read as a child. Regardless, Rowling's ideas have been done so many times before. I tried Harry Potter and I found it unreadable, how anyone could actually enjoy reading this pap is beyond me. The only explanation of why the books are so popular is because of media hype. The series came about just at the right time and was lucky in that the media and publishing companies were looking for something to hype so as to make a lot of money because the series is so generic and plagiarised it's not even funny.Other characters were generic too. Robbie Coltrane's character is a standard in many children's books. He's the big, burly gentle giant grounds keeper or whatever who, although being big and strong, is actually very gentle, kind and becomes a friend to the children. The worst thing about this character though his his clichéd west-country accent. Arghhh! It's just so predictable! DumbleBORE is also generic: he's the wise old wizard who is both kind and tough but fair. He even has the big old white beard which practically every wizard in literature also has. There's also the supposed obvious "evil" character played by Alan Rickman who surprise surprise turns out not to be evil after all. Was that the big "twist" of the film/book? Good Lord, this must be aimed at the 50-90 IQ range. Harry's nemesis is a sort of young blonde Dracula lookalike who also can't act. His badness is never explained, it's obviously hoped by the producers that the watcher will not question why he's Harry's nemesis and just accept that he looks bad, does bad, says bad and that's that.The story itself lacks imagination regarding the characters (see above), the setting and the plot. Rowling manages to incorporate a large number of overused mythical creatures and objects which causes the story to feel as though a child wrote it to include all her little fantasies. Everyone seems to ride brooms, even the men and boys despite that only witches traditionally rode them (she even gets that wrong); potions are brewed in cauldrons and it's never explained why potions are needed when wands seem able to do everything. I just don't get this "magic" thing (perhaps it be because I'm a "muggle", ugh horrid cutesy word makes me cringe). Magic seems in large to replace the need for modern technology. In fact, the whole setting at Hog-Farts seems to be a medieval castle where the children write using quills and flame torches hang on the walls. One would be forgiven for thinking that the need for magic would go if they had electricity. Just because magic is a fact of life why have all the other creatures and beasts of folklore to exist? Quidditch. What a ludicrous, pointless game. Despite the use of broomsticks (see above) Rowling still couldn't think up a better game. I had to pause the film to let the silliness of the game sink in: A whole team (yes a team!) of players goes against another in a sort of flying football/polo sort of game in which balls must go through goals to score points. It seems simple and unsilly enough albeit lacking imagination but the fact that each team possesses a player called a "seeker" who just flies after a golden ball with wings and if one of them catch it, their respective team wins immediately. What's the point of the rest of the game and players? A team could be winning easily and about to win and then the opposing team's seeker catches the golden ball in the last few seconds and wins! How utterly ridiculous! Why not just make the whole game about catching the golden ball and forget the other players and their task?! The plot of this film is incoherent and dull. The first three quarters are an ego trip for the special effects department and just show generic Harry exploring Hog-Farts with his new generic best buddies and gazing in awe at the wonderments inside. The last quarter is explaining some generic evil wizard who wants to come back from prison or something. Needless to say, generic Harry saves the day and is a hero and his "house" wins some cup or something. Big whoop. The old British actors they hired were just to legitimate the whole sordid affair. I am an unrepentant Harry Potter fan.  I adore the books.  I thought I was going to have the holiday season of a lifetime, with Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings both coming out within a month of each other.At least there's still Lord of the Rings to salvage the season.Harry Potter was, in fact, very faithful to the words of the book.  The feeling, however, that one gets in reading Rowling was completely gone.  I didn't care about the characters as much, as Columbus didn't feel any need to tell us anything about them beyond the action on the screen; I didn't have any sense of anticipation, except in one scene in the forest (despite the fact that I have that sense each time I read the books); and I wasn't able to get involved in the story because the cuts from scene to scene were so abrupt (and often non-sensical).The effects were worse than the plot.  The troll looked like something by Pixar (Pixar is great, mind you, but it's animation and not realistic). Quidditch looked like a contest to see who could be the blurriest. Harry's much-touted digitally green eyes were only green in a couple of very brief shots.  My own model train set in my living room looks better than the Hogwarts Express.  I could go on, but I don't have the space to list all the problems.My suggestions for the next movie are that the script writer try reading not Rowling's WORDS, but the EMOTIONS she evokes, and that they not rush the production so much that the effects and editing suffer.  I really think that if they hadn't rushed to get this movie done in a year, the effects at least would have been vastly better.The only saving grace in this movie is Williams' score.  It at least lends a little bit of emotion to an otherwise flat movie.My recommendation: buy the soundtrack, and wait for the video.  Don't waste your money in the theatre. I have not and have no intention of reading the books- nothing against them, they just aren't my cup o'tea. I hesitated seeing this film not because of no interest in those books- but because of the director- I have found his films to be trite and cheap and very formula- straight from the Speilberg school of "once I've made my first ba-zillion I can sell out and never have to be creative again". This film has good camera work. It has current state effects. It has a pace akin to running a 24fps film at 1000fps. It's shallow- it asks you to buy into all of it without explanation. There's a fakeness to it leaving me feeling like I had molten Saran-wrap poured over me. I don't care about the characters because they were simply place-holders- no personalities. Harry is so two-dimensional as to make a sheet of paper more intriguing. Perhaps the "genre" just doesn't appeal here. Fans (and most people are either a fan or not- no "in-betweens") ballyhoo this film with that glazed-eye look of cult religionists. Yuck. Children's fantasies reached high tide in the early '80's, but by 1985's "The Goonies," the run was over.  The genre was exhausted.  Except for the technology, nothing is new.  It should not come as a surprise to anyone that director Chris Columbus co-wrote "The Goonies." This explains why so much of "Harry Potter" consists of Ritalin-driven 11-year-olds emitting long howls of . . . . . what? Anguish?  Surprise?  Revulsion?  One is never quite sure.It's just an awful movie.  What need or needs does a movie like this fill in the lives of so many millions?  It is baffling. How on earth did this get up to the lofty heights of an 8.1 rating?I have never read the books, but went to see the film on the back of a good rating here, and many critics saying how good it was.  This film was awful. I'd give it a 5/10 for reasonable sets, costumes, effects and making me laugh (twice). I actually voted it as a 1/10 though to hopefully give some more realism to it's rating.The quidditch game is pathetic. I thought we british invented good games, you know tennis, golf, football, etc. If it's a good game, we invented it. JK Rowling supposedly is british, but judging by this poorly thought through piece of crap she's gotta be american (or worse).The ginger lad gets praised for "the best game of chess ever played at hogwarts" or something, and yet we get to see none of the game other than him making the worst possible first move available to him. An untrained chimpanzee could have guessed a better move. Out of the 20 or so things he could have done how does this master-chess-boy make the worst possible move???The plot is terrible and full of holes, the biggest seeming to be: Why the hell didn't the badguy use his knowledge to get past the dog earlier? He'd known for half the film, but still only just gets there before Harry who only learns at the end how to bypass the dog!I thought no matter what that the film is at least choc full of top quality actors and no matter what it will therefore be at least "ok". How wrong I was... None of the good actors get anything more than tiny bit parts, and mainly even then they act way below standard - but what can be done with this script?All in all, don't see this unless you are a fan of the book, or have some money & time that you absolutely must waste. For a start, the correct title of the book is 'Harry Potter and the PHILOSOPHER'S Stone'. Could the retitling of the film have anything to do with the fact that the only audience for this film is actually too dense to have any clue in hell as to what a philosopher is, or for that matter, be able to read it. I think that it's time for a lesson in language from Yodapoo:P-H-I-L-O-S-O-P-H-E-R: Now that wasn't hard was it? Let's find out what it means. - To take an etymological perspective: it comes from the Athical Greek words "phileisthai" - to love and "sophia" - wisdom; now let's see if you can muster enough brain cells to decipher what this could mean (hint: it's a noun) Hmmm... the word 'philosopher' doesn't seem to be as linguistically complicated as some may think. Maybe whoever had the final word on what the film would actually be named woke up one morning and mistook his caffeine pills for 'stupid pills'. Idiots.As for the film itself, the people who made it bought a cauldron, filled it with cinematic turd, brought it to an even boil and carried out the following recipe (for disaster):Child actors as untalented as they are over paid. - An already poor and unbelievable plot. - A distinct lack of any thing at all: the film was not funny, dramatic, scary, adventurous or any other adjective which I can't be bothered to think of right now.In short, this film bites. If you haven't already had the misfortune of watching this cinematic failure, do not- save yourself! This film has less cinematic merit than a blank screen. Once again, avoid this film; disassociate yourself with this film or anything to do with it. 