All cashing in, no soul.If you want to call your film Star Wars, but are happy to leave the existential matter behind, it creates a product without much of a value.. There is a poor orphan girl who scavenges and has no money, house or friends...But she is one of the best pilots in the galaxy and can pilot a spaceship into space ... even better than its owner and master of many years.Yup said girl can maneuver space ships in deep space no problem.I guess she learnt deep galaxy space travel on the side when she was done for the day scavenging and dumpster diving.Barf at Mary Sue and her bf director Why don't you get your own ideas?How about you for once in your lives come up with an original idea instead of ripping off everything and everyone and trying to make money and money and more money off other people's ideas??Have you heard of film, art, cinema, movies or talent??This film is such a stupid rip off gender switch and why are these actors so bad? Is it because you picked them up at discount alley??? This is well below A You tube video (LOL) that consists of a pathetic and failed attempt at ...... everything (including Mary Sue-ism).Clearly Bad Robot is a very lonely and un-creative place 🤣P.S. What's that STENCH?!? 😖 🤢 It is Jar Jar Abrams In a country that votes for a dotard who imported Chinese steel, stiffed American suppliers and workers, hired illegal aliens in Florida, married a foreigner who worked here illegally, declared bankruptcy three times and of course is making his merchandise in China, but is voted for by "nationalist" voters LMFAO we have a sequel that is a remake that is devoid of any merit,a rt, imagination, hope or acting/directing capability and yet makes a billion dollars.Enough Said. This film is a cover act with no originality or soul.
Star Wars was a classic of film and cinema, This is a creepy and unfunny movie. The Mary Sue has it easy and is wonderfully (cough cough) magical. This is Hollywood at its hammy worst. The joke of a cast barely bothers to make facial expressions. Harrison Ford is game, but has nothing to work with and the robot does what it can. But mostly I spent the movie cringing at the horrible script and Jar Jar's repulsive obeying Kathleen Kennedy's orders. But not as ugly as the rest of the reboot film.Poor Jar Jar Abrams he just remakes and reboots.
They even have a death star here with the very same flaw is the earlier ones.
LMAO Everything coming out of Disney's greedy studio is crap.
They made a joke out of the superhero genre, they made their endless princesses ugly and now they destroyed Star Wars.
Sadness.
Imagine a so-called Star Wars film episode 7 that totally ignores what happened in episode 6. Now imagine no more. It is called The Farce Awakens.
There was an article on the net a year ago about JJ Abrams last wife. At least she must be happy. The pitiful king of Hollywood remakes, reboots and sequels first ripped off and cloned Spielberg, then rebooted Star Trek (and made it a brats movie) and now here rips off George Lucas.How does this guy get laid? Even his wife dumped him.This dumpster fire is not Star Wars. It is a rip off. Let's call it Attack Of The Clone. What a dung heap.Usually I love Star Wars, and even think the prequels were passable. Beelzebub, this movie, though...Bad accents, bad lines, dodgy acting by the entire cast (the Chinese woman was the only thing I liked about the film and she has no reason to be there), lame villains, kindergarten masks, unoriginal teen anger (which may have been the one redeemable aspect), poor plot exposition and at no time did it encourage me to suspend disbelief.At times, when fighting with a light saber, the force inexplicably surges into something and creates a master jedi in a second. Sitting with a friend, we both finished several predictable lines of dialogue prior to the clone parroting it out. Indeed, he is a clone.Oh, and could you stop the jokes, one-liners and misplaced sense of humor. This is not a Disney movie, this is Star Wars... oh wait... never mind.. damn you Lucas.The only good thing about this movie is that it ends. I do not have a hard time placing this film. On one side it's so typically hollywoodish - it's a super-production with Star Wars-related content that would make it probably to many Fan film festivals. It's very conventional in its Sunday morning TV message and the morality tale that it tells is quite conventional, and of course, we know the end of the story, either because we have watched Star Wars or because we have seen enough films from Hollywood or for both reasons. On the other side it's a film by JJ Abrams, so there is a dose of mainstream story-telling and inexplicable plot developments in its characters. The special effects are 100% created for the movie and uninspired.So it's the story of Episode IV without any twists.What makes it worse are elements of fan fiction in the story telling, distracted (but not awful) acting from Leia, Rey and others and the computer-generated special effects which succeed to create a level of thrill to a story. Did we need this story and episode? At this level of amateurishness the answer is no. The treasury department awakens.After the painful sell out by George Lucas to the evil Disney empire we get this modern day cliche-laden standard issue gender switch reboot that will inspire a whole number of accounting departments to demand even more remakes and gender switch films with simplistic story lines. It's a sad movie where Star Wars becomes a simplistic and childish film where everything happens too easily for the ugly Mary Sue. Don't listen to the positive reviews by Disney contractors in India and The Philippines it's a sad attempt at bilking cash from morons.That is all. 0/10
Now THIS is RUBBISH!
This movie is rubbish, childish, and well crafted to make money only.
The film is incredibly stupid with joke after lame joke, Mary Sue, rip off and a horribly lazy plot.This movie will make you hate Disney, and remind you how terrible JJ Abrams is. If you actually like Star Wars you will demand Disney go the way of the VHS.It is safe to say that J.J Abrams has fulfilled his mission in bringing back Star Wars to its former glory! Cannot wait for Episode 9!Rating: 10 out of 10 But yeah, nothing to see here except mindless, tasteless troll garbage from troll garbase master Jar Jar AbramsMove along and go watch actual amazing Star Wars films, like every single one before 2015! I am sick of Disney gender switch propaganda and this film is just that plus JJ Abrams doing his usual commercial offal. I hope that one day someone will make a movie about JJ Abrams destroying the world of film and producing 'return on investment.' I was looking at a list of gender switches then I came across this video The farce awakens is the worst movie all of time! it's really true that many are saying the farce awakens is the worst movie of all time out of all the horrible movies. I didn't watch the whole remake as it was so terrible because I felt ill. Overall this was a boring fecal film. Do not watch this video. I think only interesting part was this: one of them was a chick that cannot die so she was safe in her knowledge of another pay check from episode 8. However the other girl, er I mean cosplayer, looks as much a loser as his love interest. At the end it turns out he is worse than his only friend (in acting). So are we surprised? Yes, that this film was not straight to video. Star Wars movies used to be great. Remember that? Remember how they inspired a generation of loyal fans? Remember how they virtually saved cinema from terminal audience decline in the 70s? So scoot forward 40 years, and see the empty soulless rubbish lapped up by brainwashed Pavlovian audiences and critics. How much did Disney pay the critics for all those gushing reviews? Either that or the art of film criticism has been lost.Lucas may be $4 billion richer but I bet he wishes he hadn't sold the rights. Star Wars will now be forced down your throat, hyped beyond hype, new toys every month. The dollars will keep rolling in.This movie is just a total rip off of the original trilogy; nothing original in it all. It sucks the joy out of this franchise. It revels in the stupid. A Death Star that can't go anywhere, A Death Star whose Death Ray is faster than light (how else can it reach those systems in seconds?) Luke Skywalker. Hero for millions all over the world. Here he has run away. People who can become master Jedi without training. Poe's amazing reusable jacket - which he should still be wearing when Fin picks it up. A hundred other mistakes and holes. Yep. Thanks Abrahams.Han Solo. One of the most beloved cinema icons of all. Written out because a bored actor wants another Indiana Jones Movie. Princess Leia. Or what passes for Princess Leia. Just sad. All the original cast are basically guest stars in their own franchise, so we can have a younger generation take over and keep milking the cash for another 40 years.Ah, yes, JJ. himself. Started out as a Spielberg hack, became a Roddenberry hack, now a Lucas hack. Yep, a third-rate hack all round. This guy has ruined more franchises then anyone I can think of.This is the future of modern cinema. And you're welcome to it. Remember when mainstream movies used to be good? Completely recycled story, this movie is really a remake of episode 4. Rey she's technology wizard, learns to fly the millennium falcon in 5 minutes with no prior flight experience unlike Luke who was already trained as a pilot, she also learns to use the force with no prior force experience after just being told about it uses mind tricks which took Luke several years to learn to do. Not only that she also kicks the ever- living crap out of Ren with no prior jedi training at all compared to Ren that has experience of both the light and the dark side of the force.Leia Should have gotten way more screen time!Ren he should be renamed Darth Emo.It's a decent movie nice effect but it completely butchers the star wars lore. What really sells this movie is the star wars name. I would like to start this review but saying that I have seen all the movies and have read almost every expanded universe book that has been written, something that I highly doubt J.J. Abrams has done. There weren't many things done right with this movie except that the graphics looked good and there was not an annoying Jar Jar Binks-like character. The major issues that I see are:1) The movie is essentially a remake of the original Star Wars. The new rebellion (aka the Resistance). A new empire (aka the First Order). A new Luke Skywalker (aka Rey). New Death Star (aka much bigger death star). I don't even know if they can come back from this...2) The expanded universe books are so good and they decided to completely trash everything that has been written about Star Wars and start over. I think this is a big mistake.3) The casting seemed motivated from a diversity/politically correct perspective. I am all for diversity, but they went way overboard.4) The strong female main character, Rey, is from a backwater planet with virtually nothing positive to say about it. However, she is stronger, faster, and smarter than everyone around her including Han Solo and the trained warrior, Finn (more comments about him below). She knows how to fix and fly a starship. She can use a light saber and beat a trained dark-side force user in one-on-one combat. This trained force user is incredibly powerful as shown by his ability to stop a blaster bolt in mid-fire, something that would be incredibly difficult for only but the strongest force users. Also, she showed Han Solo how to fix his ship that he has been using for 50 years.5) Finn is a storm trooper, taken from his parents at birth and trained as a fighter and warrior. Yet, he acts scared throughout the movie. He doesn't know how to fight, fly a ship, or anything else a trained warrior should be able to do. Instead, Rey, who grew up on a backwater planet is the fighter and not afraid of anything. Rey, who was never trained to do anything really except survive on a backwater desert planet.I am extremely disappointed and cannot imagine that George Lucas approved of this. I have lost a LOT of respect for J. J. Abrams and think that he might have irretrievably ruined the story line. The Force Goes to sleep in this Disney/Abrams reboot marketing product.No talent, imagination nor any creativity. First, the script is a boring remake combining story plots/structure from IV,V,VI.I can't believe they dared to give us another Death Star and to hide data in a robot on the run on a sand planet. Pathetic.Abrams is definitely a BAD ROBOT, who robotically copycat without any talent a Master creation. He made of an epic tale a TV reboot for stupid teens.Bad casting, bad acting.Not a single spectacular,mind blowing scene.You go to see this for Han, Leia (Luke?) and their great actors.Star Wars VII is a fraud, a bad, shameless enterprise, with a very stupid, emotionless script.Definitely, don't touch other artist's creation if you're only after the check and have no talent.The great thing about VII, it make you miss the genius of visionary George Lucas. Even his "fans hated" prequel look now like masterpieces of visual and entertaining magic. You should only watch this if you don't care or want to see the 'old gang' back together and as you would imagine them to be 30 years on.Going in to this I had a relatively short list of what I hoped the movie makers wouldn't do. The main one being break the team up...and what do you read in the opening crawl...they've broken the team up. Why? Because of lazy writing and because they wanted us all to love the new and shiny characters they've foisted on us. so they made the old characters act like complete and total losers, like others have said Han goes back to smuggling and ripping people off, he's left his wife, Leia's back to being cranky and she's got no relationships left except for the droids and seriously that red arm is just dumb.We've got another Skywalker as the bad guy, Han and Leia broke up and Luke's gone off on some yoga retreat. And don't get me started on the supposed bad guy...what a joke. Equipment is expensive but apparently the 'first order' (whatever the F that is) don't care that he routinely smashes all their expensive equipment.The Force is treated with no respect at all. On one hand it doesn't seem to work ie Leia can't find Luke and Kylo can't sense his father three metres away, but then it works all the time for our new 'heroes' but I'm sure Disney will dismantle them too when they want to sell more useless bits of plastic.It's like Disney figured everyone complained about too much 'story' in the prequels and to make it easy on people (cos they figure we're all stupid) they'd get rid of the history totally. The easiest way to bring in a new baddie is to make him a Skywalker, make him responsible for the downfall of the old heroes and then get him to kill one. Star Wars was originally about redemption but I don't really see what message it sends that someone can murder their father in cold blood to then be redeemed (assuming that's the direction they go in).This movie will be forgotten very quickly and Star Wars is just a new Transformers/Avengers type franchise. Nothing special anymore. Not a moral tale, seriously how inappropriate was Han's death for a movie for kids? It will get recast and remade over and over. No one will love these new characters as much as the old ones.Disney has wasted a golden opportunity. I don't consider this movie Canon. Bring back George This is my first review of a movie and I just had to put it out there. Guidelines on this site require that I put 10 lines of text in this review but to be honest I am not really sure this movie deserves that much. I do not know how critics came up with such high marks for this movie but scenario and characters felt like something that has no connection with the ideas established in the Star Wars universe from original trilogy. As for the content of the movie, I think that Han Solo actually killed himself in the end while thinking: "Thank God this is over!". If he didn't, who knows what would they make him to in the next movie. Sell lollipops perhaps?At least my $12 popcorn bag was good until it lasted.That is all I have to say. It was a train wreck. Do you people out there really want to see the same plot over and over? The Jedi are MIA. The Galaxy is ruled by an evil empire. They have a huge space station that can destroy planets. Droid with important info gets lost and is found by the heroes. Space station is attacked and destroyed by the rebels. Sound familiar? The dialog was boring and predictable and I didn't care about the characters. If this movie had been made in 1977 instead of the first movie it would have been a total dud. The only surprise was when they killed off Han Solo, the one character I liked. Star Wars is dead, PLEASE let it rest in peace! I will never go to another movie with J.J. Abrams name on it. 