I haven't seen a horror movie this bad in a long time. Every single jumpscare is predictable. The ending is predictable, just like EVERY other horror movie. No plot twists.
The whole movie is rushed because they wanted to focus on the final battle against evil.
Don't waste your time watching this trash. We were lucky to watch that movie in teen-free premises, which allowed us to focus on the story without suffering jumps, screams and laugh at their own jumps and screams, and repeat.
That let us realize plot and twists were not part of the original budget. I guess all the money went to la llorona herself.
The room was full of adults, we all laughed at how bad the acting was at times, when the tropes were too obvious... by the end, we were pissed we had not received money to waste two hours of our time. A bunch of loud yelling and screaming. A plot that has been done to death and just a mess of a movie. Period. I actually ended up falling asleep it's shame how unscary this movie portrays the weeping woman. What a waste of my time but at least I caught up on sleep. The curse of La Llorona dissapoints in every aspect. The cast is so cheap, and the screenplay so poor. The writers did not put any effort to develop a smarter story, with deep stuff or something. You will only find a sad, generic and pathetic attempt to scare people. La Llorona will make you cry... for the wrong reason. The stuff they are calling horror nowadays is just HORRORble and nonsensical. Just going after the shocking effect to thrill the audience does not make a story good by a long shot. There needs to be some everyday common sense on how one reacts to things that don't make sense. But whenever I thought the story would become smart, it became more and more asinine. The sh...t thats being produced nowadays being called horror is a travesty to the genre. Gone are good ole days of great writing. DONT BELIEVE THE POSITIVE REVIEWS. This film is the worst. When i knew that it was in the conjuring universe I immediately wanted to see it and I knew the curse of la llorona previously so it made me wanted to see it even more, my brother and i went to see it (my brother is a huge fan of the the conjuring universe)
We had high hopes for it and oh boy was it disappointing.
The negatives:
Let's start with how they didn't take advantage of the amazing story basically they told the story in about two minutes and that's it,they did mention it once or twice afterward but it didn't do justice to the story. Second thing to talk about is the jump scares, the movie consisted of jump scares
(With the examination of the first of thirty minutes) after that it was either a jump scare or the music leading to a jump scare.
Third thing is that the movie is a cliché, you have your cliché kids that will get everyone killed to get their toy and your cliché church that will tell you that they can't help you but they'll send you to normally a ghost investigator but this time it was a shaman and many more.
That's all i have to say if the movie did anything good it was that it made us laugh. Rubbish!! Starts with an OK story and starts to build it then regresses to how many jump scares can we fit into an hour and a quarter!! predictable and boring, if you like substance then stay away from this film!! I can only think all of the people rating the film 10/10 were asleep for the whole film as an hour and a half's sleep is the only thing that would have been worth doing throughout it!! Just another 2019 money grab flick. Don't waste your time. Bad acting, bad story, bad cinematography.Very unoriginal story... thanks again hollywood.. This movie should have been named the La Gritona or nagging/yelling woman. I was falling asleep during the movie buy the dang Gritona kept waking me lol. Movie sucked period!!!! Exclusively jump scares and loud noises. No intuitive plot elements or camera work, one dimensional characters, and pretty much everything else a decent movie needs. This was the most cookie-cutter horror I've seen yet, and that's really saying something. Hollywood's idea of diversity in horror. The problem is the story is stupid and not scary in the least. Direction is poor, relying on loud screams and noises for the shocks.I was thoroughly bored out of my mind. And hoped all the kids would get taken Was yelling wth throughout this movie. Expected far more from these producers. Don't waste your time or money. Watch the trailer and then find a good movie. This wasn't scary at all, you just anticipate the jump scares. The cgi, awful! This movie would have been over by the beginning. When the CPS mom went to her house and asked what's wrong? Where are the kids? She gives a cryptic answer, while looking nuts. Why not just say there is an evil spirit here trying to steal my kids , so they're safe in the closet. Then she blames the CPS lady for her kids dying. Uh no lady, it's your fault, you should have said something. The way La Llorona was after the kids in the end, why when she opened the closet door, did she not come right then? Why does she wait all night till they are moved to another location, just to kill them in a completely different location? Why did those kids act cryptic too, saying "she" did it, while everyone thinks it's the mom? Why didn't the CPS lady's kids say, mom there's a Spanish bride coming after me look at my burns!! If the fire tree blocks her from coming in the house, why did she go through the back door? If she could, wouldn't she go through a window? Why is she acting like a home invader, can't she just appear? Why is everyone so calm? How did the little girl stay in the pool that long, had to have been 5 minutes, just to come out coughing? So many more questions but I'm done asking them. I wish they would start making some good horror films because I think this is a bad trend. No one tries anymore...
The only thing good was I could feel the moms rage when she held the bat. The End. This film wasn't bad, it was worse than that.It followed every trope in the book, BADLY!Every character was insufferable and the script must have been thread-bare.The casting was tragic - every actor gave a less than garbage performance and much of their reactions made no sense.Every two minutes there was senseless shouting and screaming which added nothing to the film's story or tension.At this point the makers just trying to milk money out of people's pockets - do NOT pay to see this film.Luckily I saw a free screening. This is the kind of movie that while you're watching it you think: "I can't believe I'm wasting 2 hours of my life on this"The acting was horrible... the script was terrible. You don't know if you were supposed to laugh or get afraid on some scenes. A lot of the plot is just not making any sense at all. This movie is one of the dumbest movies I've ever seen. They put the bandages on the outside of his shirt, that's how stupid this movie is.The acting isn't good. The writing isn't good. The makeup looks like a cheap Halloween costume. There's absolutely no thought put into it and the need to use classic horror clichés was more important than to actually make it work with the story. Jump scares you can see from a mile away instead of a story which could actually be scary on its own.I can enjoy a low rate horror movie from time to time, it doesn't have to be flashy, the acting doesn't even have to be A-grade, as long as there's at least a good story. This movie didn't have anything going for it from start to finish. If the creators didn't put the effort in to even try to make a decent movie, then the viewers shouldn't put the effort into watching it either.Complete waste of time. NO, NO and once again NO. No originality, no plot and no fear for that matter. Not one moment of proper suspense, not one proper jump scare and not one elevated heartbeat. This was made for people who have seen 3 horror movies in their lives; otheriwse avoid at all costs! Stop feeding the Conjuring machine with the same formula and please make some creative and trully terrifying horror. About as derivative as a film can be.The BAD news is the movie's inexplicable lack of originality and imagination combined with an insipid script. Bless the actors for being able to work with that.And as far as the movie's, "jump shock" nonsense: What is this? 1955? Seriously? Do writers, producers and most importantly, the directors really believe this worn out, cinematic ploy has any value for today's viewers whatsoever?A movie not worth the time or ticket price. The movie has a straight predictable story no twists. The ending was absolutely rubbish and non sense. I have to say I don't usually write reviews but I think I have to let out the fact that this particular movie frustrated me! Lol I mean why wouldn't the kids say anything to begin with?! Why would then hide the fact that there was a creepy woman in white threatening their lives and burning them with her touch?! Especially since they have physical evidence of this, definitely had my eyes rollin lol Another part that frustrates me is that they begin to question her as a mother... I mean cmon, the lady works with Child Protective Services... couldn't they have questioned her without having to send someone and treat her like she would actually abuse the kids?... And Lastly, I really think it's stupid how the priest recommends her to use a Curandero knowing that it is okay for him to do so.... and not to mention Raul's methods for "curing the home" were pretty silly, eggs filled with blood??? Using the children as bait??? Using sanctified tears as "anti-venom"? Overall I think this movie was not well thought out and doesn't deserve the money I paid to see it... Please do yourself a favor and wait until it comes out on Redbox lol :) Utter trash wasted hr 1:30 this is not even scary at all or does i seen better horor films then this trash i don't know how people find this scary in the slightest very bland the nun was more scarier then this movie don't waste your money or your time Audiences are pretty savvy these days and if you keep screwing them over, they aren't going to pay good money to see your generic run of the mill boring and dull so called horror movies anymore. This is the case, as soon as the opening scene arrives and the titles flash, you will know your in for a below mediocre netflix-type offering. This is literally one of the worst horror movies in ages. Sad to see James Wan's name stamped on this. I am sure people will flock to it due to curiosity of the folklore and a decent edited trailer but word of mouth will kill this one soon. AVOID AT ALL COST! An unsuccessful copy of The Nun,
This movie is a shame for the horror genre in 2019.
When you see the movie you have the impression that it is hurriedly made by amateur directors with a very low budget.
A lot of chatter and very few moments of "horror", the film is focused on bla bla bla...Many people left the cinema after about half an hour of the film.
In conclusion, this movie is a total failure, super boring and very predictable. I believe it is one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen, the story is so common that you could tell the entire story of the film from the first 5 minutes. The effects and make up were childish and fake. Bad quality movie, bad acting, bad production Reading all these reviews about what a "Masterpiece" this movie is makes me wonder if I missed something or if I'm just stupid. If you're someone who's raving about how creative and revolutionary this movie is, you're either just trying to fit in as a horror movie snob or saw a completely different movie. Seriously, I sat there through the first hour of the movie and wondered if I somehow walked into the wrong theater and was seeing a different movie. The pacing is incredibly slow, and I understand that the first half of a slow burning horror film like this one is supposed to build suspense, but unlike other horror flicks this film keeps you waiting and waiting and waiting for absolutely nothing. The only positive thing about this movie is the acting. The movie does have good performances from Gabriel Byrne and Toni Collette, although I don't feel her acting is "Oscar worthy" like people are saying. It just makes me wonder how desperate these two great actors must have been for a paycheck. This movie was marketed as something that would make people rethink what horror movies are all about. In the end, there's nothing to spoil about this movie because nothing happens. The plot develops extremely slowly as a poorly written family drama. Then in the last 20-30 minutes the director must have remembered that he was supposed to be making a horror movie and just slapped together an ending full of countless scary movie cliches that left everyone in the theater scratching their heads. Someone at my showing actually said out loud when the credits began to roll "wtf was that movie" and everyone laughed.I get that cinematography wise this movie is supposed to be brilliant, because it does look pretty good. But good visuals aren't enough to save a boring movie with a poorly put together plot in my opinion. I've seen a few other reviewers on here mention how people in the audience were laughing out loud during the "scary" parts of this movie, and I can say that most of the theater I was in, including myself, was filled with people laughing and loudly cracking jokes at how cliche and confusing the ending of this movie is. DO NOT waste your money on this movie. Stay home. Spend time with your family. Read a book. Spend 2 hours of your life doing literally anything except for watching Hereditary. Do I live in the Twilight Zone or something? I'm completely baffled if this is what people consider:"A modern day horror masterpiece." (USA Today) The reviewers of this movie are either delusional, been paid off, or Ari Aster himself because there is absolutely NO POINT TO THIS MOVIE. No destination. A soulless automaton disguised as a profound mediation on: "An unsettling look at the demons we have inherited from our parents." (Vanity Fair)Wow, what a great one liner right? The things a talented filmmaker could've done with this simple seed of an idea, an idea that permeates, connects, and could've been a genre defining masterpiece but instead I was given:Paper thin characters. A plot that had no trajectory. Laughable performances from the whole cast. Horror imagery that served no purpose other than, this looks scary! Style over substance. Toni Colette, you've disappointed me dearly. Thought I was in for an Oscar Award Winning performance and what I was left with was a comedic rendition of what it truly means to be an artist. You talked about giving your soul into this character and all I saw was a performance with no intention. This is the same company (A24) that released "It Comes At Night" and "The Witch," two other mediocre horror movies billed to be the scariest films of all time when they were released. It was one of the worst experiences I had in a theater and in film in general. People were in uproarious fits of laughter throughout the 2 HOUR RUNTIME for what was supposed to be:"Terrifying." (Indiewire) and "Bone-chilling" (The Hollywood Reporter)Clearly Ari needs help with his storytelling skills. He has technical finesse, but technicality is nothing when compared to a story with nuance and insight, something that is emotionally compelling and moving. The movie had the depth of a puddle after a drizzle. The trailer is probably the best part of this movie. Watch the trailer and save yourself the money.P.S. I literally made an account TODAY to review this and I never post reviews. I'm a huge horror fan and thats how awful and disappointed I was at this movie. Never trusting review sites again. After such hype about this film and all the amazing reviews I was so excited to see a decent horror. This isn't horror, at all. The only plus point is so good acting as most of this film is a slow drawn out family drama, It has one of the WORST endings to a film, like completely pointless. I feel for a joke they put this film out as a project to see how many people would be tricked in to seeing it with enough media hype. You will never get this 2 hours back of your life, do literally anything instead and it will be time better spent. Wow what can I say? I've been anticipating this film since hearing about it from Sundance. The problem with critics and the buzz surrounding this film was that it was way too hyped to the point where I was expecting the holy grail of terror. What me and my audience got was a decent and compelling start that crash lands into a comedy of errors. The film was just not terrifying nor was it goosebump inducing. I just stared blankly at the screen feeling muted and emotionless. I love slow burn horror and films that are filled with dread. This had a very good compelling premise but somehow the director decided to go artsy fartsy surreal pretentious in the final minutes of the film and boy did my audience groan and laugh. Trust me it was not nervous laughter but the kind you hear at a Farrelly brothers movie. Wait wasn't this suppose to be a horror film? How did it suddenly transform into a lame campy Mommie Dearest meets Rosemary's Baby unintentional comedy? Everyone booed and hissed on the way out of the theater. Literally the worst ending to a genre movie in ages. I was waiting for Natalie Portman to come out in black swan smeared kabuki make up and make some kind of cameo. This generations Exorcist? These critics are seriously deluded.Word-of-mouth from paying moviegoers will not be kind. Avoid unless you are a film student or love movies with godawful endings. I can see this being a Rocky Horror type of flick where audiences mouth click throughout the film and yell howlers at the screen like "Don't you ever raise your voice at me, I am your mother!!!" Boring regurgitation of every horror movie that came before it. I watched in stunned disbelief, hoping it would be saved by the third act. Instead, my wife and I were laughing out loud and the mounting stupidity. To have the talents of Toni Collette and Gabriel Byrne, two actors incapable of giving a bad performance, and to have the result be this messy wannabe Twilight Zone episode is an utter catastrophe. Anyone who compares this mess to horror classics like The Exorcist and The Shining needs to have their critic cards revoked.I'd post spoilers, but there is nothing to spoil! Worst use of two hours in my 46 years of existence. I hated this movie
Everyone else in my screening hated this movie
Everyone I know who has seen it hated this movie
How it's IMDB score is as high as it is I don't know!
This is my first review on IMDB and I felt compelled to write it to warn people because it was so bad
Half an hour in, it was so slow I was battling to stay awake
I didn't particularly care for any of the characters
As Toni Collette descended into madness I found her highly irritating
I only made it to the end because I had gone to see it with people - if i'd of been on my own i'd of walked out at the point I referred to IMDB to see how long it was and saw it was 2hrs 7mins!If it was knocked down to about 80mins it would probably be an okay-ish movie but it was more like torture having to sit through it for what seemed like forever! This movie was utterly terrible, I went into the theater thinking I was going to see a good suspenseful horror film, I was wrong I sat there trying to get the main points of the plot. The film had a prolonged plot which to me was dragged on, to get to an ending that was terrible to me at least, also I feel the film could of had a better meaning and plot, very disappointed in a film that has a high rating on the IMDb scale. I don't know what movie these other reviewers think they were watching, but the "Hereditary" I saw that starred Toni Collette was just awful! If you're looking for a slow-paced, yawn inducing experience, this is the movie for you. It starts out with a good premise, but SLOWLY yet most surely, it manages to droll through a vague and desperate "I'll bet you forgot Rosemary's Baby" storyline that culminates in the rebirth of some silly demon king that is made complete only after he receives a proper Jughead-styled crown. Don't waste your time or money. Don't read reviews from stupid people. Trust me. I can not believe the false positive reviews. The movie is slow & it is more creepy than scary. I fell asleep in this movie, twice. There is a huge buildup to a absolute let down. No one walking out of the theater liked it. Please save your money. I give it one star for the cinematography. Don't wast your money - it's artsy fartsy - not scary at all - so many errors - I can't believe the reviews but the audience in the theater laughed through the second half and the end is literally a JOKE! Words fail to descibe the disappointment I had after the movie finished, I dont really get to pick movies when I go out with friends but I was told by my friends that my future movie chosing rights have been revoked. My son & I were excited to see 'Hereditary' especially after all the reviews. We went Thursday 7 June & were severely disappointed with movie. The story line is very flimsy and at the end of the movie, we both look at each other and said spontaneously 'WTF!'. The movie is 2 painstakingly hours long. It really isn't a 'Must see' movie. If you do like me and read some 'big' critics before embarking on a film, you can end up reading things like this:
"a sensationally scary debut feature by Ari Aster, is unhappy in ways that Tolstoy could never have dreamed", or
"this horror flick can be so shocking and dismaying, so genuinely upsetting in spasms and spurts, yet at the same time so madly entertaining"Do not be fooled fellow imdbians, with more than two full hours, this film has you yawning for more than 60 full minutes before something happens.
You will not know how to seat yourself trying to watch this horribly monotonous and tedious film.Escape from it like the plague, you have been warned. I'm not entirely sure where all these rave reviews I'm reading are coming from. What are people watching? This has to be one of the dullest, most tedious and disappointing movies I've seen for a long while. The trailer is definitely misleading, giving you false hope of a good old eerie, even psychological horror, not the bizarre freakshow it turns into. The first part of the movie moves at such a slow pace, it's hard to keep awake and when it does finally kick in it goes so far over the top it becomes embarrassing. Toni Collette, normally reliable, is so garishly OTT you have to watch her through your fingers, it's such a cringeworthy performance, and Gabriel Byrne is frankly wasted and he just looks like he wishes he hadn't signed up for it in the first place. I'm not sure how on earth this ridiculous piece of work is being compared to full on classics such as The Exorcist or Rosemary's Baby, there's just no comparison. The end of the movie couldn't come soon enough - an utter farce. Save your time and well earned money - I wish I had. I spent the whole movie waiting for some kind of climax, hoping that all these ridiculously long drawn out scenes of zero plot development would lead to something. Then, just when you feel as though you're getting somewhere, it all comes to an abrupt halt with one of the most actual laugh-out-loud endings I've ever witnessed in a so called "horror" (we physically burst into laughter when she dropped the "you're a king of hell" line). Great movie if you're a fan of snail paced plots, 10 minute long scenes of two people walking down a hallway whilst one cries "please" over and over and over, and ending that leave you sitting in your seat, laughing in utter disbelief that someone thought that was a decent way to end a $10m production. When a collective audience laughs through the entire movie and screams WTF at the end, you know you've just watched a terrible film, horror or otherwise. The story, when there is one, is so disjointed and silly that it ruins the acting, resulting in a bunch of unnecessarily long slow pans and over the top histronics. Throw in an absolutely abysmal and distracting soundtrack and you have the makings of a major bomb. I'm truly hoping this one movie will put an end to the hype machine vs. reality conceit surrounding movies of this type, but I somehow doubt it. When you know you have a stinker, all you have left is hype if you want to make your investment back. And a lot of us fell for it. Sad. I have absolutely no idea what all the hubbub is about. This movie is neither scary, nor very interesting. And the twist at the end is just silly. I have seen no horror, terror, sorrow or what ever and definitely didn't need to call any helpline for emotional support. The only scary thing about the whole thing is the BS the promotion machine was able to create to sell this very mediocre movie. Awful, awful, awful movie. Half ass story line, character development sucked. They apparently had a family dog that appeared for only two scenes and was suppose to have an impact but amounted to nothing more than who the hells dog is that? There were Naked old people zombies randomly appearing at the end. The audience was literally laughing at the "scary" scenes and you could hear people cracking jokes all the way through the second half of the movie. The writers and director should be held accountable for false advertising. Don't waste your time with this movie. Up there with the worst movies I have ever seen. Just truly abysmal.Long and drawn out for the first half. Nothing happens. Pointless. No suspense building.This film will give you nightmares guaranteed, but only for being so stupid to waste time and money on it.The audience were cringing and we could barely make eye contact on the way out. Was embarrassed.The ending is some kind of joke.I may need therapy to work this out of my mind. Although the acting was fabulous and the setting wonderfully done, the story line made no sense and the ending was hilariously ridiculous. Toni Collette, the mother, was an artist who created miniature theatre-like sets, was compelling, and the daughter, Charlie, was deliciously creepy. The pacing and music score added to the attempts to be edgy, but in the end, it was almost funny. Both my friend and I laughed as we exited the theatre. P.S. I don't know if 1 star is the best or the worst, but in my book,1 star is the equivalent of a one star hotel. You don't want to go there. I am sitting here trying to wrap my mind around why anyone would give this more than 2 stars. There were many ridiculous scenes that brought about actual laughing from most of the audience. Acting was good, special effects were pretty good but this was a joke of a horror movie. I am certain that a "scary" film is meant to be scary? Having just left the theatre, I can still hear the audience laughter at some of the "scary" scenes.To say that there was any suspense is laughable. I don't think I've ever spent 2 hours and 7 minutes less enthralled at anything. This film was slow, very slow, pointlessly slow. I am informed by other reviews here that the film exhibits the whole gamut of human emotion and senses. Having seen it, the only emotion I feel is annoyance at wasting time and money on it. And the only sense of mine that was teased, was my patience.I am bewildered by the storyline and am left with a feeling of mild annoyance at being duped into seeing it by misleading and, frankly, entirely inaccurate reviews on here.Or maybe I saw a different film from everyone else ............ Was looking forward to watching the movie but left feeling very disappointed. I was expecting a genuine scary horror movie, unfortunately it was far from scary. I will not be wathixng this movie again!! Up to "the event" the film is actually very good. Mysterious, unnerving, and suspenseful. But not long after it descends into an absolute joke. Characters behave in illogical, naive, farcical ways. The twists are signposted and the supernatural elements have zero consistency, coherency or logic to themBut worse it gets really really dragged out and basically boring. If It was 40 minutes shorter all of the criticisms above would still apply, but at least it would be relatively lean and well structured. As it is though I found myself just wishing I was watching it at home so I could entertain myself while waiting for the conclusion. And the actual last few minutes make less sense than the rest of the film. Suddenly out of nowhere some ridiculous satanic nonsense appears and to be honest during the last 3-4 interminable minutes there were at least two unintentionally laugh out loud funny moments. Utter, utter garbage. Really. It's not even so bad it's good because it's so ridiculously padded out for the second hour. It would have been 3 stars but I actually feel it needs to be marked down for giving me hope for the first 20-30 minutes. The pros: Acting was goodThe cons: 
Incredibly slow paced just build "tension"
It tries to be one of those mindf-k movies but just utterly fails
The audience in the theater actually laughed at various points it was so ridiculous.
So many cliche moments I lost count.
And it was just plain boring Someone remembers the movie Skeleton Key (2005, with Kate Hudson!)!? Well, Get Out is basically the same plot, whereas in Skeleton Key the transferring of the soul or whatever is done with black magic in Skeleton Key a neurosurgical procedure gets the job done. So the plot is mostly (besides the well-done clash of black and white folks culture) a copy cat (as Skeleton Key plays in the deep South we got also a little of the element of black/white culture contrasting).If I would have to choose one of both movies for a cinematic night I would watch Skeleton Key again - the dark atmosphere is far more superior and the suspense also. Also, the end is far more delicate.Get Out has some strong points - good actors, good production and especially the strange circumstances and the growing paranoia of our hero are well done. On the other side, the movie has some weak points too - imo the (re)solution is hasty done, also there are some (important) mistakes - how our hero got the stuff into his ears, as he was bound to the chair!? And the brother didn't see the stuff in his ears - he was clearly checking if the "sheep" is asleep and knocked out. Also didn't our bad girl see (in darkness!) the blitz of the phone - she should know that the possession/control or whatever of the host is broken, so she would never give the gun to her "grandfather". Also the comedy- element is a mixed up experience - some of the subtle comedy elements I liked, tiresome for me was the black buddy stuff cliché: comedy Kitsch zillion times done before - it was (partly) funny with Eddie Murphy in the 80s and maybe you got away with it in the 90s but now...And whereas a good horror-movie mostly has a bad end for the hero (Kate Hudson loses in a certain, surprising kind of way the struggle for her life), the director didn't have the guts to make a "good" end - ofc our hero should be shot by a cop or ride the electrical chair. Why!? Because the mad comrades of our good evil family would ofc "delete" all pieces of evidence of crime there will be just one solution left - our black guy would be sentenced for mass murder, or who would believe his story, as many "decent" white folks would testify against him!? Btw - isn't that the point of a racist society!? ;)This p.c.-ending is imo too much of fishing for compliments or sucking up to the common mainstream agenda - and a good horror movie should everything but be p.c.In short - I was entertained and I like many aspects of the movie (especially all the actors), but in my horror collection Get Out won't make it into the top 100, maybe top 250 but even that's not for sure. The script/the story just is not good enough. Get Out: a little "horror" snack (the horror-elements are just a few, it's more a comedy and thriller). Not more but no less. Because all this biased overrating I rated 1, my real rate is 5.note:imo the political agenda or bias of many of the reviewers and the votings (with black actors as main characters) is ridiculous - masterpieces like Blade Runner got a rating of 8.2 or Apocalypse Now one of 8.5 and Get Out got 8.1... I've become accustomed to subtract 2 to up to 3 points (deciding if I watch or not) if a black actor is involved as the main character(s) - not because of racism but because the ratings are f***ed up and I can't trust them (like all those fake reviews and ratings in the beginning of any movie initiated by the studios) - Get Out is just another proof of this hysteria. A rip off of The Skeleton Key. The fact that Peele stood there at the Academy Awards all emotional in his speech, acting like he wrote the script is ridiculous. Universal made both pictures, that's why there's no plagiarism law suit. It's a good story (TSK is a much better movie though) and with the gender and ethnicity of the main characters switched (white girl vs black family doing vodoo in the Skeleton Key) and after Oscars So White, it hit the Zeitgeist. That's fine. But Best ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY for Peele? What a joke.... In this era of disposable entertainment where we have no cultural memory (and, I fear, no cultural future), and people are living only for the next best thing, is there no one who recognizes that this movie is almost a head-on remake of Ira Levin's The Stepford Wives (1975)? Substitute racism for sexism and mix liberally, no credit given to the original author. The fact that not even the Academy could recognize the wholly derivative plot shows how far we have fallen as a moviegoing public. In all likelihood, even Jordan Peale probably believes he wrote an original script. He didn't. And that's what's terrifying about Get Out. There is no way this movie could have a rating over 6. There is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING NEW in this movie, no new concept, a fest of cliches, even the twist was almost a copy of another movie "Skeleton Key", which I did not enjoy even. And if a movie calls its own genre "thriller" or "horror", then the movie should keep some level of atmosphere, to make the audience tense up to some point. Not saying that the atmosphere was even there, it was made even worse by inserting some random jokes in between the movies, which of course wasn't even humorous. And the character development was the worst thing in this movie, as some character shows passionate caring attitude and all of the sudden he/she turns into a complete psychopath. It was so abrupt that he/she would even change the way he/she speaks to a person that's not even supposed to know something happened. One of the key evidence that this movie was made without brains.  Let's just be honest. The movie makers only cared about making profit. Mixing horror, comedy, and not forgetting to insert white-is-evil rich-is-evil theme inside with a black person as main, so that you can call all negative reviewers "racist" (and sorry, I'm not even white). Then using some way to make people spam positive reviews, most of them which I highly doubt even saw the movie. I honestly think more effort, money was spent on making positive reviews rather than the movie itself. Hence the "low budget" movie. This movie is absolute garbage. The only acting worth mentioning is the main character's and the overall plot seems to be written by an angry black teenager. The "racism" theme you find here isnt anything related to the real world like 12 Years a Slave or Django Unchained. I have no idea what granted Peele an Oscar for this film. Ive seen B movies much better than this and seeing someone go from comedy to Director you'd be 100 times better off watching A Quiet Place directed by John Krasinski. This movie left me feeling annoyed in the fact that ive wasted money and time on it; even The Emoji Movie is more entertaining than Get Out.
Save yourself and read a synopsis and skip the actual watching part. 0/10 if i could give it. This has got to be one of the most OVER-RATED crappy movies that I have ever seen...100% on Rotton Tomatoes basically tells me that someone has either been paid quite a bit of money to buy a bogus review...Or somebody has sold their soul to the devil...Daniel Kaluuya And LilRel Howery Were The Only Good Elements To This Stupid Movie...Daniel's acting was good...And Lilrel Howery was actually quite funny...Plus I did like the revelation surrounding the lead character's girlfriend...The fact that his girlfriend was using herself as bait to lure people into this (so-called) nightmare was a very nice twist...Other then that...This movie is idiotic and stupid...First of all...The main character was an idiot...Because once he realized that snapping a picture with his cell phone would bring black people back to reality...He could have had himself a lot more backup...So he gets the moron of the year award for that alone...And then there's the most pathetic excuse of a so-called surprise twist ending that many fans actually enjoyed...The ending to me felt more like an offensive punchline to a very dumb joke...Putting old white people's brains into the bodies of black people so that the superior white minds can control/possess the bodies of black people with superior body genetics..??Even Adolf Hitler would have found this idea to be extremely stupid and moronic...Combine Hitler's idea of creating a master race...With that old concept: "If you can't beat em, join em"...And you got this stupid movie...I can't wait for the inevitable backlash that this movie is gonna get in the long run...That's what I'm hoping for anyway...Because Either I Have Bad Taste In Movies...Or Everyone Else Does...Because "Get Out" Sucked...And That's All There Is Too It... Really disappointed. Totally predictable movie. Some parts really dumb, like the one at the police station when all agents laughed.
In short, this movie is a waste of time. This movie has the worst plot I've ever seen in a horror movie. It's right there with all the Jeepers Creepers movies. The fact that white people want to use black people for their own personal happiness is what really gets me. This is seriously the highlight of the movie. Somehow all white people want to use black people for their bodies. Another form of slavery with a terrible horrible film twist. Not only is this premise terrible overall, its very unbelievable. A skinny tall flat chested/ no butt white woman seduces black men and takes them home to become her parents experiments. And somehow no one goes out to look for their black family members. No one cares. People just go missing after dating a white chick and no one cares. Oh yeah at the end of this movie, the black guy someone how survives and his friend comes to his rescue in a cop car. His friend wasn't even a police officer, he worked in an airport. This movie is a complete WASTE OF TIME! It sucks Can't think of a good reason to recommend this.A black guy visited his white girlfriend's family estate only to discover the family's dark secret. What would happen? Could he survive? That premise drew me to this movie.The movie seemed suspenseful, but concluded poorly. As the dark secret unfolded, I noticed some similarities in concept between a movie released over 10 years ago and this one. After I finished watching this one, I realized that a movie released over 10 years ago could wipe the floor with this one. That movie released 10 years ago is called The Skeleton Key.The Skeleton Key has a perfectly dark ending, whereas this movie has a happy and funny one. Happy ending? OK. But being hilarious is a big Nono. It completely ruined the horror built up during the first 1 hour of the movie! What is the point of having the black police officer coming to Chris' rescue? What is the point of having this funny character in the first place? The movie would have been 10 times better without him!Instead, the ending the audience got was rushed and underwhelming. The black police officer out of nowhere appeared and rescued Chris. When asked how he had found Chris, he simply said he had relied on transportation network to track Chris. Situation handled! Really? How funny.Perhaps the filmmaker ran out of ideas and didn't even know how to conclude the movie. Personally, I would have loved to see a dark ending. The white police officer who appeared earlier in the movie would arrive and arrest Chris. Rosy lying on the ground with gunshot wound in her belly would scream for help, framing Chris for murder. After all, Chris touched the gun and his fingerprints were on it. The movie wished to express the oppression of black people in a white society, right? Chris getting locked up and prosecuted would suit the theme perfectly. Nobody would believe his story. The ending would be even better if Rosy was rescued and set free, continuing to ensnare black people for her cult white secret society's harvest and sacrifice. Wouldn't that have been darker, more logical and exciting?The current ending is awful. It completely ruins the story. This movie is awarded 1 star for decent acting. Recognized the lead from Black Mirror. He's really good. Seriously, when I watched this, it had an 8.1 rating. I wonder why. I mean, has this movie been watched only by people who have never seen classics before? The acting is not natural, the story line is incomplete on all accounts and the entire movie is totally predictable. It's a combination of a couple of movies combined. But the story line is as unoriginal as the title itself. And then suddenly the story switches from the friend point of view, where it seems to want to become a comedy, but it never really does. This is not a horror movie. Seriously, it is insulting to all horror movies ever made to be called a movie in that genre. It is a thriller with some horror filled seconds at the most. It is never scary, it is never really keeping you on the edge of your chair. And on top of that, it's never believable. Especially the 'transplant' part. I mean, hello, it was about hypnosis, remember, and why all the white people want their brain cut in half or something and become a different race. How does it work keeping both identities alive? The other black men and women seem to just be in some kind of trance but who's inside? the husband of the older woman? and did she pick him for being a hot young black man, or what? I notice it irritates me to write this actually. it's badly written and directed, racist and stereotypical and just misguiding of genres. Want to see a good movie? Want to save some precious time in your life? Then watch anything but this. This movie is sort of mocking liberal elite who love black to an obsessive level and yet most of the positive review for this movie are by white guys who think anything made by black people is gold. The movie is not scary it lacks tension Jordan Peele should go back to writing terrible sketch shows on un-comedy central. For instance most scenes where the main character is under duress he is constantly narrating giving out exposition so the audience can understand rather than let the scene flow naturally like something a film student from kansas and they don't even have a film school, film is about motion and visuals not dialogue if you want that go read a book. Everyone who is white in this film acts like a weirdo jerk for the most part and the main character doesn't pick up on this until near the end of the movie because he's an idiot and if he wasn't the plot wouldn't work. Jump scares don't make something scary any idiot on youtube and windows movies maker can make a jump scare. Does it have any meaning? No. Does it make a horror movie good? No. Don't rely on jumpscares to make your movie even remotely scary because it's just momentary and after a few times the effect wears thin and just gets annoying. You should create an atmosphere slow build up the horror make the music tense, or have no music at all just silence with graphic imagery, visually stimulation, or dark and foreboding. There are many ways to make a horror movie scary jumpscares and stupid characters aren't one of them. This film is more of crime drama with some fantasy elements and a blatant political message anyway. If I go to see a horror movie I don't want to be hit over the head with a political agenda if you're going to that at least be subtle about so it doesn't ruin the film make it a black mess. Long story short the black guy kills all the white people and when the cops show up doesn't get arrested is hailed a hero and his fat ugly friend who is a ringer for peele jokes about how stupid and evil white people are. THE END People raved about this movie so much that we were actually really excited to see it (and I love Key & Peele, so I figured it would be creative and well executed.) But to our disappointment, this movie was awful. Overall, it was just really basic and tried to twist old horror themes into something different under the guise of something unique, while being way over-directed, forcing social themes which were largely inorganic to the plot, and presenting several holes in the overall logic of the story that made it hard to "buy in" at any point in the movie. I'd really hoped this would be a chilling thriller that would keep me on the edge of my seat, but we were barely able to finish it. I can't believe the high score on this film. I'm a massive film fan and this is one of my favorite genres so trust me when I say this is very very overrated. The humor falls short and it is not scary in the slightest. Let's be honest, this is the same propaganda that is in the news right now with the black lives matter and Trump rubbish. This is highly irresponsible and offensive to any white person and if the film was the other way around with whites and blacks then there would be a massive backlash. How many films now play the race or sexism card now?! This film is a blatant rip off of Skeleton Key but Skeleton Key is actually a good film so ignore all the reviews on this film cause I can't help but think it just mirrors the sad state of the victim mentality and racism that is all the rage right now. Avoid!! How could the press call this film a "masterpiece"????I'm hallucinating when I read the good comments... this film was bad. The script was empty, the actors. ... my god... everything sucked, actually. for starters this movie is absolute Garbage. WARNING: might contain spoilers. this is probably the most racist movie I have seen so far. 1 a black man with a white girlfriend goes to visit the girl's white family is classified as HORROR film. 2. "too many white ppl makes me nervous". 3 black ppl are depict as violent individual. 4. the black guys friend works for TSA. 5.white ppl wants black ppl for all sorts of slavery related tasks. if this movie was directed by a white guy chances are the number of lawsuits have skyrocketed to be the historical movie with the most lawsuits. Get Out, no really, Get out...So, I went to see the movie Get Out with some friends yesterday. We had a choice between Leggo Batman and Get Out, and we chose Get Out. We're still arguing about who should be blamed for that choice. They list it as a horror. What they don't tell you is that the horror is that someone would even make this movie. I've never seen any of Jordan Peele's movies before this. I will spend the rest of my life trying to avoid ever seeing one of his movies again. The thing strives to be one of those Sixth Sense "What a twist!" movies, but the so called twists are so obvious, unrealistic and just flat out lame that you find yourself rolling your eyes in the dark and just praying that no more twists are coming. And they always are. If you were to take the racial premise in this movie and reverse it, there would be pickets and riots. But apparently it's perfectly acceptable to have a white people are evil and black people are good movie. Just for the record, I'm only part white. But I'm fully offended by the premise of this movie, not to mention in the clumsy and lazy execution that doesn't bother to try to make its plot points make any sense. To be fair, the trailer to Get Out does hint that this could either be a very good movie or one of the worse that you've ever seen. It comes far close to the latter and is too lazy to ever even approach the former possibility. This movie really does suck. It sucks despite some very good actors, including Catherine Keener, who has been superb in indie films like Your Friends and Neighbors and Bradley Whitford, an Aaron Sorkin favourite. The lead actor Daniel Kaluuya was even in the wonderful British series The Fades and Skins. And yet the net result, the only result is just flat out stupid and predictable. Maybe the title, Get Out, is meant as a warning to any potential audience. But probably not. That would require too much effort and self awareness. But the rest of us can try to help each other out in these days when going to the movies is more expensive in most places than drugs, and gives you far less pleasure. When in comes to Get Out, please, please, for your own stakes... Stay out... Go see Leggo Batman. I haven't seen it. But I wish I had. One of the most obvious examples of critics and Hollywood overhyping a movie simply for the sake of diversity. Did not deserve any of the praise and seemed more suited to be a syfy channel/Netflix TV movie. I wonder if I can press charges against Jordan Peele, for ROBBING me of 104 minutes?There's nothing new, or refreshing about this horrible "movie". It's no better than a WWII Nazi propaganda film. There's no "social commentary" in this atrocious excuse of a movie, BUT it's definitely riddled with racist agitprop. It's like an SJW's version of Orwell's ANIMAL FARM..."Black people gooood...white people baaaad!". Instead of creating a film that would help revitalize a quickly stagnating genre, Jordan Peele has created nothing more than a piece of propagating filth. Rather than trying to make a film showing the unity of the human race, he drives a wedge of contention between the races...further fueling bigotry, and hate. It's pompousness, and arrogance that strokes the flames, NOT genius. If I could rate this drivel less than 1, I would. Stay far, far away from this!!! I would really like to understand what some people saw in this crappy movie? I am a big fan of horror movies but this one was a complete waste of time. Thank God I didn't see this in the cinema. A Black man named Chris goes with his White girlfriend Rose to visit her rich parents in the country. Chris finds tension in the situation. The White people are too ingratiating (Obama was the greatest president ever). The few Black people aren't ghetto enough (shaking hands instead of fist bumping).Rose's mother is an expert hypnotist who puts Chris under just by tapping her spoon on a saucer. Rose has lured Chris there so that rich White people can bid on his Black body. Rose's father is a neurosurgeon who attempts to transplant some old, blind, White guy's brain into Chris' body. Chris foils the hypnosis by stuffing cotton into his ears. He basically kills all the evil White people.Get Out is just a mediocre grade B thriller with a political axe to grind that tapped into the current anti-White zeitgeist. It really isn't clever. Or creative. Or even entertaining. Much of it doesn't make sense. Why is the hypnosis even necessary? Why not just drug the Black victims in preparation for the neurosurgery? Once the victim's brain has been replaced, how can their consciousness still be present as a "passenger"? Why did Rose's grandparents want to be servants after they commandeered the Black bodies? Why choose Black people specifically for the transplants? Wouldn't the old, decrepit, White people want to have a young, White body so that they could keep their White privilege?Get Out is an insight into the confused psyche of Writer/Director Jordan Peele. Paranoia and narcissism. White people want to enslave Black people because of envy. From the words of the blind guy that wanted Chris' body : Black people are faster, stronger, and cooler than Whites. Inversion of reality. Blacks live in a constant state of fear of repression and violence at the hands of Whites. Crime statistics show the opposite to be the truth.If you want an example of what a sorry state that present day Hollywood is in, this film was actually nominated for best picture. What a truly sad waste of time?
Social commentary? Not even close.
Social preaching to a progressive delusional audience?
Apparently there is a market for such drivel based on the sanctimonious preaching in many of the pontificating '10's' posted here.
Gave it every chance.... but they kept digging a political hole deeper and deeper leaving entertainment to die a painful death here.
Peele has done so much better.
This..... truly the worst of his 'message movies'.... deserves no further mention.... ever. I saw the movie after the rave reviews it was getting online. A nearly 8 IMDB rating on a horror movie which has the portrayal of racism as its key theme doesn't happen often. As a horror movie fan, I knew that I couldn't miss this. However, it turned out to be a major disappointment.I found it very difficult to watch this movie after the first 30 minutes. I already knew what was going to happen and the movie takes no pains to move away from cookie cutter horror tropes. The scene in which Rod reports to the police that Chris was missing was so cringe-worthy that I had to open my phone in order to pretend that I was not watching/ hearing this. This happened several times during the movie and was the only way I could get through the movie. But seriously, do you expect police officers to laugh at you when you file a missing person complaint without verifying any details? seriously?I don't remember being scared for a single moment in the movie - and I am quite willing to get scared while watching movies. The ending is as expected - the man gets his revenge and kills the entire family.Aside from its reasonably decent storyline of a black man in the process of being subjugated by white people, the movie had few things to offer. Some of the dialogues such as the white men talking about Tiger Woods, Obama etc were good but they are few and far between. I don't think this movie is going to stand the test of time. ... and did it better. The 2005 horror/thriller starring Kate Hudson, Gena Rowlands, John Hurt and Peter Sarsgaard brings atmospheric dread to the body-switching genre, complete with voodoo, an antebellum mansion and the swamps of Louisiana. Yes, there are black characters and white characters and elements of racism in the old south (black servants are hanged and burned in front of rowdy 1920s party guests in one scene). But unlike "Get Out," "The Skeleton Key" doesn't overthink it or try to be socially or politically provocative. Here the black-white roles are reversed, but not in the way you might think. It tells a story, a downright scary one. The characters bring on the chills with aplomb, and the ending is a stunner. So this is a good movie and what not people said except ITS NOT. The Stepford Wives was more scary and thrilling than this. Minute one you get the feeling that some is going on here. Also if you go full on thriller then don't try to put jokes in. The ending - "I told you not to go. How did you found me? I'm TS. Consider this situation handled". Seriously. This is some pathetic jokes like Onion movie etc. A parody movie of some other movie. That Rod guy went to the cops and what did the lady cop do - no reaction. Maybe she forgot that she was a cop and not a slave in the Armitidge's house. I'm telling you all not to watch this movie or at least lower your expectations because its not what you thought it would be. The music is suited but didn't gave me chills, the hypnosis part I thought would be more subtle and not just tell him to sit down and begin the process, jokes weren't that funny (I would say better no jokes at all considering what movie this is) and when they were used is just a totally different story. Yesterday I watched Gone girl and if you want stuff you expected here you will get them in that movie. I'm not a fan of that movie too but its better than this one. It was not scary at all. Not one single time. nothing new in this movie. a house, weird people, he Kills all...end of the Story. I liked the acting bit that's it. It has become ritual for me to read the novel "It" once a year every year since it was released in 1986. The story is more than a gore-fest, it's a story about love and hope and friendship that is still meaningful to me to this day.The only thing this movie has in common with the beloved book, is its name and the characters names. IT is a literal disaster and a slap in the face to anyone who actually read and cherishes the book. There are NO character backstories, nor character development at all. You are literally thrust into the movie expecting to know everything about everyone and why they are the way they are. IE: Henry Bowers and why he hates the "Losers Club" - He LITERALLY starts the movie trying to kill them. This is sad, because a large portion of the novel was meticulously spent doing quite the opposite and made you relate to and fall in love with the characters.Editing? What editing? This is the worst edited movie I've ever seen in my life and I've seen a lot in 41 years. It was literally like the film makers shot 100 scenes, put the film in a hat, and took out said scenes and spliced them together at total random. I can't describe it any other way than saying, at one point, one of the characters (I can't tell who, because they all share the EXACT same personality) says, "I banged your mom last night", or something similar, and before the audience can even react, the scene changes to a jump scare happening in ANOTHER PART OF TOWN INSTANTLY and with no rhyme or reason. You don't have time to laugh at jokes, because they aren't funny (unlike Stephen King's jokes in the book) - and you don't have time to be scared, because you're still trying to process the dick joke that was still being told when the scene abruptly ended.While the filming location for the town of Derry was suitable, having the movie take place in the 1980's instead of the 1950's JUST TO APPEASE the "Stranger Things" crowd was simply a terrible decision. The 1950's were a totally different time, and much of the characters' reasoning and mannerisms that you need to make this movie work are lost to a time and cultural difference. These guys call themselves "THE LOSERS SQUAD" in this movie for god's sake! Kids didn't start calling themselves a "squad" until the 1980's (IE "The Monster Squad) So, you love the book like me and are still reading? Thank you! Now let me list just SOME things that we both LOVE about the book that you will NOT find anywhere in this movie: The Deadlights, The Ritual of CHUD, The Mummy and the bridge, The Loser's Club Dam in the Barrens, the moving picture book (now its a slide machine), The Smokehouse, "This is battery acid", The Werewolf, Making the silver bullet after a game of monopoly, The stand pipe, Bower's hair turning white, "beep beep Richie", the giant bird, the 50's racism against Mike (actually Mike Hanlon himself is missing. The writers just made arguably the most important character an afterthought in this movie), character backstories, "Hi Ho Silver-AWAY!", Haystack... I could go on and on and on.With god awful editing, absolutely no character backstories, cheap teen jump scares, not being faithful to the book, and too much CGI usage: Simply put - if you want to know how this movie is like the book, read the first 10 pages of "IT", and burn the other 1077 pages because that is exactly what the screenwriter and director did to this failed abortion. There just isn't the heart that was there in the mini series. In my opinion. The actors were fine, but the story wasn't there. I believe there is to be a next installment covering the (now) grown ups. I'll probably watch it - if I've nothing better to do. It's simply not Steven King's "IT'. ALso,they appear to have recycled the CGI lady from ' Mama' at one point : can't find it now, but look out for it. "Beep,beep, Richie" appears once, so far as I can tell - a long way into the film. Against all odds, I looked forward to this. But it's another turkey. Steven King tells great stories - why do the Hollywood mob insist on killing them? I truly think this was dreadful and not a patch on the original. I hope to goodness they don't remake The Stand.' What is this? Horror for kids? This movie convinces me that the world has gone mad. This is entertainment for what age groups exactly? If its for adults, why is there so much childish humour and dialogue appealing to the sensibilities of an age group that should not be watching this level of blood, guts and graphic murder? The story line is directed towards a certain mentality, which is not of appeal to adults, at least not mature adults. Why on earth is this so popular? It failed to scare me on so many levels that I found myself imagining better scenes. How is it acceptable that kids of 12 years old were in the audience, looking at images of even younger children in the movie having their arm torn from their body, a man with a knife right in his throat? What the hell?! As soon as it was revealed that all the horrors were their imaginations, it was a pointless exercise. What happened to all the kids that were floating down at the end? Where was the main characters brother at the end? Wait for the next episode? No thanks. I would have enjoyed a psychological horror, but gore is not what I was expecting. Shows a lack of imagination by the director that he had to resort to this level of candy coated perversity. What a shame. Wow, I honestly can't believe these reviews. I made an IMDb account just to write a review. I love the original and have seen it many times. This movie was horrible! I feel insulted by the directors. It wasn't scary at all. Any potential "scary" scene was downplayed by jokes so forcefully inserted into the script. There are multiple, major holes in the story line as well. Hole 1: the group of bullies never once said anything about their buddy missing.Hole 2: the girl is pulled down from "floating" and brought back to life. Doesn't that mean that the hundreds of kids that come down from floating at the end come back to life too? Or do their rotting corpses fill up the sewers for 27 years? Does Georgie come back to life too?Hole 3: the girl can't decide which boy she loves. She took the poem from the pudgy kids room (I have to assume because she randomly ends up with it in her bedroom) but then she thinks that Bill wrote the poem somehow. The pudgy kid kisses her, bringing her back to life (true love brings back the dead girl like Princess & the Frog or something) but she winds up with Bill. Every cheesy, horror film jump scene was witnessed in this film. The acting was good, but I can't see how this is touted as a horror film. I felt like I was watching a Disney movie by the end of it. Nothing. This was a staggeringly ham-fisted approach to either King's novel or the miniseries based on it. It missed the point utterly... You will not see a group of children whose shared bond enables them to overcome a monster. You will see a load of bickering kids who seem to barely tolerate each other come together briefly to rescue the kidnapped object of their pre-teen lust. You will not see an intelligently-written story. You will see a dumbed-down, by-the-numbers screenplay, complete with the usual beats, Crisis of Faith, Catharsis, and all. You will not see belief overpowering evil. You will see a ten-minute fight scene where every kid tries to out-cool every other kid and get off a Schwarzeneggerian one-liner.This movie is garbage. I can't express it more eloquently than that. I'll start this review by addressing that I had no expectation for the movie. I am not a fan of the horror genre as it usually lacks the thought provoking aspects I look forward to in film, but the reviews were great and I thought I'd give it a shot.The films antagonist is a demon-clown, who can shape-shift and move through space in an instant as demonstrated during the film. IT abducts, kills and eats children, but can only do so if they are experiencing fear. In the finale fight scene of the movie Pennywise is unable to kill and eat Beverly because she is not afraid of IT but at the start of the movie he kills Georgie after having a 5 minutes conversation with him where they laugh and mingle, Georgie even reaches towards IT to grab his boat - Would he really be so scared of IT at that point or was Beverly so not scared of an actual demon holding her up by the neck?The films plot surrounds around a bunch of disasters that the kids find out seem to happen every 27 years. this information is found out by a 13 year old kid named Ben, and he figured this out by reading some articles in a library. So this entire town of people has not been able to figure this out? And he informs the rest of the gang that in Derry there are substantially more children going missing than anywhere else in the US - If that is the case who is doing the abducting of children when Pennywise is on ITs break?All of the disasters have happened near sewage drains, that's how the kids are able to figure out where IT lives, but at one point of the movie how was Pennywise able to appear in places that have no actual relation to the sewage? Pennywise appears and disappears in Bills garage and basement, Beverlys bathroom, in a building where Mikes parents died and in Stanleys dads office. If IT can appear anywhere why does he choose to murder and abduct near the drain if ITs only purpose is to feed upon the children as demonstrated in the final act of the film, he is willing to make a deal with the gang to keep Bill and let the rest of the children go as after eating Bill he would start his 27 year break again. Why would a killer demon clown not be willing to let these kids go anyways and just hunt the other kids in town to feed as these kids are obviously trying to kill him?Pennywise seems to have unfathomable power as in a scene IT is using hair from Beverlys sink to grab and pull her but in the final scene IT is having a fist fight with a bunch of children, couldn't IT control some sort of object found in the sewer instead to do the same? Why is IT choosing to not use ITs full power against people who are fighting back but use such powerful methods when just trying to scare somebody?The movie is riddled with cliche's about the bully having a really strict father, the plot point that the only way they can defeat the evil all-powerful shape-shifting demigod of a clown is to stick together and get over their fears! and of course the scene where the boys find Beverly levitating in mid-air while she is in a complete state of trance - a coma, and what brings her out of this is a kiss on the lips from one of the boys. before the movie ends Beverly is talking about this moment saying "It was like being dead" but when she comes out of her coma she without taking a breath starts quoting the poem one of the boys had sent her.The movie takes place during the three months of summer and ends with the start of September where the kids still look bruised and battered from their fight. So it's safe to assume it must have been like a week since it happened. What were the kids doing the rest of the summer as they started seeing the clown as soon as school was out? Were they just having terrifying hallucinations of a killer clown and then enjoying the rest of their summer at the beach before going out and hunting it down? The times-pan of events in the movie don't seem to reflect the time it actually took to accomplish them.This is the first time I have ever considered walking out of the cinema during a movie. *Spoliers*Honestly I was really excited about this movie, like really excited. I watched the original IT this morning to get ready for it and have some reference. And it was absolutely terrible. Seriously, TERRIBLE. Not only did I want to walk out the second Pennywise was shown in the beginning but the rest was torture. I was with other people so I couldn't walk out. Here's the thing, this is the first time I've ever been so disappointed with a movie that I went out of my way to write a review about it. The clown was not scary in the slightest. The teeth were stupid. The acting was a joke. The kids made a ton of terrible and sexual jokes. It didn't stick to the original movie whatsoever. They took the "you'll float too" a little too seriously. It just plain sucked. In the original, the kids were innocent and actually dorks but this was pathetic the way the kids were talking. And why the hell did we watch them in their underwear?!? I still keep wondering how the hell this movie is rated above an 8 when it should be a disappointment for anyone who knows what a good movie is. This was so much CGI that it took away from the whole movie. I could keep going but I think I've made my point. I wouldn't waste your time or money. Watch the trailer and that's as good as it gets. Ugh. If you've ever seen the original, and you have even the slightest modicum of respect for originality, story telling and artistic integrity, this movie should infuriate you. Firstly, it isn't really a movie. There is no story. It's basically just a 2 hour collection of different sorts of scares. The brilliance with the original was that it was a story of kids torn apart by a traumatic event, and then brought back together as adults to face their fears and avenge their friend. Great story. But this version was essentially a haunted house on the screen. They abandoned the kid to adult story and just focused on a group of kids getting scared. There was way too much "comedy" being sprinkled throughout. You know, the lame kind where the characters make some unoriginal comment and everyone in the movie theater bursts out laughing like Dave Chappelle just hit his stride on stage. And the random love stories among the kids that didn't matter or further any narrative. I could write a 10,000 word essay going into the depths of all that is wrong with this movie so I'll stop. The worst of all is watching all of America fall in love with this. It makes me feel like a cynical jerk, but I think really it's just a clear sign of the dumbing down of people on this earth. No one respects or cares about great storytelling anymore. Just give them cheap pop-up scares and they will be happy. It really is sad. This movie is horrible. And not in the "It's a good horror movie" sense either. There is no coherent story to be seen here, no pacing, no exposition. There is literally *no* character development.How am I supposed to care for characters that I never get to know? I didn't care what happened to them. The black kid, the fat kid and the girl just kinda join the group. There is no development of the friendship or any kind of emotional bond. *boom* and they're friends. There is no story. It's one jump scare after another interlaced with a "story". I put that in quotes because after the story segments we're often left more confused than before. Now to the "horror". This wasn't scary. Not even remotely. There was this one dude in the cinema that jumped at every "scary" scene, but he was hardly someone that could be considered a normal person. The effects are mostly done with CGI and are HORRIBLE. They're so bad they border on the point of COMEDIC and yes, I did laugh out loud several times during the movie. Most of the scares are either done with loud music and fast sudden movement to startle you or "scary" disfigured corpses that look like wax dolls made in a kindergarten class.That's all it is. Jump scares and awful story. There is nothing scary about this movie. Nothing interesting or noteworthy. The only reason it's got such a high grade on IMDb is because of the fanboys inflating the rating. It'll drop soon enough.DON'T be suckered in. Don't go watch this movie. It's a waste of money and above all your precious time. I WANT MY TWO HOURS BACK! I went to an advanced screening after spending the last two weeks pummeling through the book. Contrary to what some reviewers are saying, this is not at all close to the book (but that really isn't my main reason for not being crazy about it). I realize there were some time constraints but this felt like there was basically nothing explained about the main character's backgrounds, relationships, nor their motivations (specifically Henry Bowers as the bully for hating them SO much is just assumed to be "because he's a bully"?). At times I was confusing Eddie, Richie, and Stan because there was little definable about them besides Stan wearing a yarmulke to identify him as Jewish, and Richie wearing glasses - it felt like these physical attributes were necessary because nothing distinguished their personalities. Pennywise was cast very well and I loved his voice and overall creepiness, but it couldn't make up for the fact that every time he and the main character's met it felt like a "Tom and Jerry" routine. They encounter him, he bumbles it or they do something random, and he runs off. Overall I just left feeling like there was so much that could have been expanded (both story and character-wise) given the 135 minute running time. I wasn't a huge fan of the 1990 TV miniseries (probably since it was 20 years after it came out that I first saw it) but it was more accurate and explained the relationships more than this movie. I just feel like I would have liked this more if it was maybe called something else. As it is, this is not a movie version of the book 'It', but a totally different story using the same character's names. To summarize my up coming review I'll start by saying "I really did not like this movie" The movie IT is "in simple terms" about the struggles and fear youth face when they being to come of age. In my eyes this movies success came solely from good marketing, because the movie's true foundation is filled with: poor acting, shotty scrips and really unthoughtful horror. To me the movie IT is only a 3 out of 10 star movie, making it a strong "below meh" 😕 Like always the only way to find out the quality of a movie is to go out and see it for yourself. Enjoy! (if you can lol) There is no possible way that anyone could seriously rate this movie even close to the scores on this site. This movie is the first movie I have walked out of in 10 years. I am a huge fan of this genre and this to me was the ultimate disappointment. I actually cringed at a lot of the "horror scenes", very very lame.At 45 minutes in I had to check my ticket to see how much longer I would have to endure the pain. After realising how much longer I had to go, a swift exit took place. I hope you read this review before wasting your time and money. One of those films where i wished i hadn't employed optimism - so often beaten down by the constant rewrites of classic TV/movies by Hollywood who have run out of original ideas and seek to ruin classics - because it was terrible.Now i have nothing against any of the the actors, but they weren't given much to work with, because the director seemed to have been more concerned with confusing overly dark visuals and really badly shot camera work and having a visual wankfest that was again overly dark in most scenes and visually confusing. It was dire. Then there was the story, can i reuse the confusing and add appalling. I guess for anyone who hasn't seen the mini series, which even Steven King liked (which doesn't happen to 99% of his works converted into movies/TV), it was a confusing mushing together of an expansive story, and was REALLY badly done...ruinous. It was basically like someone got the story and then held down the fast forward button and as a bonus threw chunks out as they sped by....just inexcusable, but i guess some people like a quick cash injection to their pockets Stop ruining already well done movies and TV Hollywood, you're just reinforcing the view of so many that you're devoid of any original ideas, and seem hell bent on extracting cash for people for things that already stood well while ruining them...Wished id never seen It I felt obligated to write a review, due to not just a slight difference between the movie rating and the actual experience our whole theater room was having. It really felt like cheap and intimidatingly boring movie that can not be compared to any good horror film. Me and my group of friends were really close to actually leaving the room, there was constant laugh about the predictability and cliché moments. The whole time was happening so much but still nothing actually happened. And I wouldn't call it scary but disgusting. There was no actual built tension but just one big WTF. The kids were fun at some moments of the movie, and the story definitely has a good ground but it was terribly adapted into the movie. I cant remember the movie thag annoyed me as at this one even though I consider myself patient and open about different kinds of movies. After watching this last night they should never have made the remake for this & no idea who is reviewing this over a 8 as they must be blind.Terrible terrible terrible terrible film.Thought it was a comedy more than a horror . Did not enjoy it at all. Pennywise was a donut in it. Should have been more killing in it. Absolutely boiling 😡. I grew up watching the first movie and it's always been one of my all time favorites. I know this is a retelling of the original but it's always a mistake to make changes simply to make changes. The excess profane language isn't needed, the look of Pennywise is horrible compared to Tim Curry's portrayal, it just never seemed to make any sense. Twenty minutes in, I started looking at my watch waiting for it to be over. I understand that some people like remakes but this is a textbook example of Hollywood not having any new ideas and instead screwing with the classics we grew up with. The movie in nothing like the book or the old version from 1990. Really disappointed.I was expecting this movie from months and i so it yesterday. I was disappointed from the start. As a big fan of Steven King's work i expected to see a really good remake of the 1990 movie, which was not only chronological accurate by the book , but include all the key moments.The new version is a massive chaos. And on top of everything the year is not correct. Originally everything happens in 1957-1958 , not in 1989 like in the new version. I haven't read the book. I haven't seen the original and I now wish I hadn't wasted my time and money by watching this movie either.As far as I could tell, this movie is aimed at kids and I actually found myself yawning all the way through. It just didn't work in any way whatsoever. The back story of why and how Pennywise came to be and why he does what he does isn't properly explained. In fact instead of a discernible story being told there's just a string of jump scenes separated by a few dialogues thrown in here and there.The only time I jumped in shock is when I added up the cost of the evening.'IT' is a floater. A very bad movie, very stupid, waste of time to watch this trash I walked out. When the clown's terrifying, and the kid's talking to him anyway -- in a sewer, no less -- what do you think's going to happen? Oddly, there's no tension, and with the unconvincing CGI effects (the kid's arm torn off and the rain pouring down) it's like you're supposed to sit there passively and watch a summary of the story go by. Is the kid stupid? Is he scared ... even a little? It all seems so predetermined, like they're so intimidated by King's novel they just gave up and run you through a "best of" summary of scenes, and hope it'll stick.I read the book when I was 14, the first hardcover I ever got (as a Christmas present) and it took me all of Christmas break to read before I went back to school (which is how I knew I could get through "War and Peace" in a week's time when I was in college -- that experience came in handy!). Someone calling it "the Moby-Dick of horror novels" on the new tie-in edition is apt, I think. It really goes go all over the place, and takes that long, and takes that much, to put across the story. One of the things I always resented about the TV mini-series version (which I didn't bother checking out) is that the "IT" thing is unnameable, and only takes a clown form as a convenience -- it's fully explicated, and crucial. Once you harp on the clown, forget it. i don't know who are the ones reviewing this film as great, such a hopeless movie, wasted 150 minutes which i could have used to read some dermatology and family medicine. don't waste your precious time on this nonsensical supernatural horror. there are so many other good horror movies better than this. but really it amazes me as to which Americans have voted 8.5 on IMDb for this worthless movie and as to who are sponsoring the ads on TV??????? This movie was absolutely ridiculous! They took a story about how true friendship and love can overcome pure evil and turned it into a pandering collection of Stranger Things/80s style themed scenes. This movie isn't scary, it's just laughable. Where are the Dead Lights? Where's Hi-ho Silver? Where's the battery acid? Instead we get Richies NON STOP swearing (F this, F that, F you, F me), jokes about period blood and Pennywise actually trying to negotiate his way out at the end of the movie! I've read some of reviews and I can't believe someone would describe this movie as interesting, exciting or anything positive. Kids are quite annoying and are using forced humour that I didn't find funny at all. The worst part is that there is no story at all, just some random wannabe scary events that aren't connected. I've been a child not long ago and I remember what movies I considered as good, so even if this movie was supposed to be for children I think it failed in that area also. My advice: don't waste 2 hours of your life watching this. I make this one short: it's the first time I use this phrase but seriously, if I could give minus-stars, I would in this case! What was that? It has nothing, and I mean NO THING to do with the book and even less with the wonderful original movie of the 90s.
Actors - bad and unconvincing, locations - bad, violence - grotesque, graphic level, clown - ridiculous! nothing of the really scary Tim Curry clown who worked with expression, voice, psychological fear, no, here we have ever screaming kids, (and not for a second did I believe these were kids of the 80s, I am an 80s kids, and it was all just off, the haircuts were just not really like they were etc. and these kids had a way of talking, no one used back in the 80s), oh, and a totally overanimated clown-thing. Storyline - none, plotholes - lots! I could go on for ages, I just can say I have not seen such total tosh in years, an insult to any viewer with half a braincell left. None of about horror!
Maybe it's horror, but just kid's level.
So disappointed. It has to be understood as an offense to any savvy viewer who caught the Japanese version of the movie, 'Ringu'.I am aware of the fact that US crowds do not go for movies that do not cast large-breasted blonde psychotic women, but this is a little far-fetched for this story. The movie is meant to be solely based on psychology thrills and brain scare. The American version of the movie does not help in this at all, as all goes into the image and the special effects. Event he plot has to be altered and worsened: the little boy becomes a depressed child with a 6th sense who calls his mom by her first name.Anyhow, you may go for the American remake if you are the kind to be scared by movies with subtitles. However, if you were delivered with a brain and some artistic sense, you'll go for 'Ringu'. lately i've seen nothing but references to The Ring everywhere i go. people talk about it when they speak about their feelings and dreams, as if this movie were something thought-provoking and not just a crap of cheese. honestly, i've never seen something so cheesy in my life. the original wasn't the most fantastic thing in the box, but at least it wasn't too pathetic, over-acted and trying to be more high brow than the story is. Ok, this movie is like too bad to even rate.  Father of the adopted girl was reading his lines as he gave his big speach, YOU CAN even see his eyes darting back and forth over the cue cards instead of looking at the other person.The clips seemed to be outtakes or sophmoric effort of film school 15 min shorts.  We had the blood / drain scene, the pulling of a finger nail from a well, the lit tree on a hil and water pooling on the floor.Needless to say the parts they stole from other movies says it all.  BAD BAD BADwasnt even scary and typical ending.  Just a sad movie over all and I wasted 4 bucks.  Where is my RMA on this tripe I had such high expectations for this movie. I guess the moviemakers did not share my expectations. Don't get me wrong, the music, photography, directing and some of the acting (the heroine's) are good. I just don't get why they didn't do more with the story. Now of course it is a remake, but the original must have been better than this! Let me be more to the point. The story is absolutely awful. It makes you think that all these clues are going to add up to something. It could have been really clever. But about 15 minutes into the movie the clues have become so absurd that there is no chance for the villain to be anything else than a ghost. How original. Now here's the really dissatisfying part. All those clues you were paying close attention to? They don't mean diddly squat! They really don't lead to anything. You could have taken all the clues, changed them completely into some other clues, tacked on the ending, and it would have been just as good a fit. The simple truth is that it's just some mean monster terrorizing and killing people. And all those clues that could have at least revealed a tragic motivation for this disgruntled ghost's vengeance end up being utterly vain: the monster is just evil. That's all there is to it. It came up from who knows where, always has wanted to hurt people, and always will. That's why none of what I said is really a spoiler. If the clues meant something, then telling you about them would reveal the ending. But this ending might as well have been put at the beginning, because all going through the middle is just a waste of time. The movie is a scare machine. It is mechanical, cold, and shallow, filled with mere fluff. A string of one cheap thrill after another. If you like this kind of movie, it would be cheaper and just as satisfying to go have yourself electrocuted (gently, of course -- as the movie shows, you can die from electric shock). Well, this film left me depressed, not because it was creepy, but because it was so stupid and at the same time so cynical.  I may say that there is not a single thing in this picture which makes any sense or has any genuine humanity in it.  The monster is an evil little girl, but there is never the slightest indication to suggest why the girl is so evil or so powerful - indeed, precisely the sort of silence which is a certain giveaway that the picture has been made by people with adolescent mentalities, for adolescents.   You posit some sort of monstrosity, and that's all there is to it, nothing more need be said.  "Okay, like, there's this evil little girl with incredible powers...?"  To give but two instances of the astonishing illogic which characterizes the film.  For one, the mysterious video which is killing people is said to have been imprinted from the evil girl's memories.  But the video is full of images of things that the girl could not possibly have seen.  For another, the characters are horrified to realize that it is a terrible calamity that her skeleton has been taken from the well, because somehow this means that now she is free to wreak her evil upon the world and kill people.  But she has been wreaking her evil upon the world and killing people even with her skeleton at the bottom of the well! Oh, I'm sorry, apparently she can now actually drag her ugly carcass out of the television set and kill people instead of killing them from inside the television set.  But perhaps her identically melted-face victims would not consider this such an important distinction.  Then there is the clerk who manages the cabins and upon whose shelf the evil video is found - the curious fellow who plays him is given a nice little character-actor turn, interacting with the blonde lady who is the star, trying to perform card tricks, and so forth - and then we never see him again!  What the heck was <i>that</i> about?  What was his part in the sinister events, what was the video doing on his shelf?  We never learn!  We never see him again!  You see, it is as if the screenplay for this film was written, scene by scene, without any reference to anything that had been written before, certainly not with any intention to exercise the slightest logic or continuity, but merely to work certain changes upon the psyche of the filmgoer, who is presumed to be a teen-ager, I suppose, and who is certainly held in utter contempt.  And here is the real horror, that the film wants nothing from you but your money, and has no meaning other than to trick you into pushing some bills through the slot at the box office. This is the only movie (other than Dreamcatcher) in which I wished all of the bad stuff that was happening to the characters was happening to me instead. It is amazing how poorly this movie is executed. It's rare that a movie can make Air Bud and Baby Geniuses seem like Oscars material, but The Ring does the job. Absolutely unbelievable more and nothing really creepy about it at all just a bunch of psychobabble about some those running around terrorizing found it more of a sleeper film than anything horror involved. Its almost like the writers were stretching for a plot and couldn't quite grasp how to draw the viewer into it including me. After about 30 min of this film I really found the only horrific part about it was it wasn't over yet. Even the draw up to find out the reasoning for the terror occurring was more of a huge disappointment a complete waste of time. This film was more of a one time watch and never again I have better things to do then waste my time with garbage like this again. I went to this film prepared to be spooked, but was very disappointed!  It was campy and a cheap rip-off of all the other horror movies I've ever seen. Its weak attempt at fear falls flat.  It had obviously lifted elements of The Others, The Sixth Sense, Blair Witch Project, and believe it or not The Invasion of the Body Snatchers; but still did not come anywhere near matching their expertise.  This film is without a doubt one of the worst films I've ever seen. This film is just an embarrassment. Naomi Watts I couldn't care less about, but Brian Cox? Brian, really, WHAT were you doing in this? Were you that hard up for cash?I need to clear up some nomenclature. The original - i.e., the real film - is NOT called 'Ringu', somebody made that up. As far as any direct translation into English goes, it is simply called 'Ring', not 'The Ring', just 'Ring'.The original is a terrifying masterpiece.This film is just a mess.And then, and THEN, not content with trying to remake one film that could not possibly be remade, they tried again with DARK WATER. ARE YOU KIDDING ME???? There is no way, NO WAY AT ALL, that Dark Water could ever have been remade.And the same goes for Ring.See the real film, the Japanese one. If you can't cope with films with subtitles, consider getting an education, or moving to a country with an actually functioning social system that will GIVE you an education. The original (Ringu) was not bad, i gave it a 8/10 for an interesting plot, but this remake is really one of the worst i have ever seen. Imho even the special effects were better in the japanese version. And don't say i am just one of those moviefreaks who like boring and slow classics, the remake of Stanislav Lem's Solaris for example was quite enjoyable, giving a new perspective to the movie and i really recoommend watching both of the movies. When it comes to the ring/ringu my only advice is don't watch the ring before you have seen ringu, the original maybe slower and harder to understand but it has a LOT more to it. Watch the content of the killer-tape in Ringu and compare it to the content in The Ring ;) that should say it all. Pathetic waste of time. 2 very, very short scenes slightly disturbing, but absolutely Not Scary. A wanna-be Poltergeist, Sixth-Sense, Urban Legends, film with NO originality. High expectations Zero results!!What exactly did the damn RING have anything to do with this garbage film? I wouldnt even recommend anyone rent this crap. Following in the footsteps of "Panic Room" (see my review) and "Punch-Drunk Love" as critically praised pieces of trash, "The Ring" comes from underground to bore you to death at a theater near you.  This is one of those movies that is off the charts STUPID, like "Blair Witch" STUPID, where anyone whose brain is in the "on" position realizes that this is nothing more than a lame fright film that has been done before a hundred times.  It is far from scary and defies all logic from frame 1 to the end of the flick. This film may have the bells and whistles to entertain 11-14 year old kids, but anyone who is above the age of 20 should be embarrassed if they enjoyed this garbage.The problems are mostly plot related and I don't feel like "spoiling" any of the logic defying twists and turns that nearly put me to sleep.  Let me just tell you that if you like really slow movies that don't require a pesky plot, or continuity, this is your cup of tea. It's a horror flick, so for the most part the acting is poor.  The "acting" in the opening sequence is quite horrid, as if the untrained kids were reading their lines off of the script just beyond the camera.  Brion Cox, who I have seen in other films, is quite scary in his delivery, as if he forgot that he has 30 years of film experience.Naomi Watts is the one and only positive in this stinker.  Her presence alone carries this movie, as in Mulhullond Dr. (another piece of junk) and she needs to learn how to say the word "pass" when she is offered fine fare such as this.  She still manages to remain relatively unscathed as the entire movie crashes and burns around her and hopefully will star in something better soon.If you think that "Jeepers Creepers" and "The Blair Witch Project" are five-star, grade-A films, this movie is made just for you.  I think those movies are amazingly dumb and I felt stupid after I watched them, and felt even dumber after watching this film.  I think "The Ring" actually symbolizes the large plot holes that are readily apparent if you are paying attention.  If you are willing to check your brain at the door, you have a chance to not hate this movie, but I doubt it. This movie had potential to be very frightening but I just didn't feel it. I was the most scared when they switched scenes and would play a screeching sound and show an eyeball or a ring between the shots.  The whole point was that the girl wanted people to hear her story but why would she kill them once they did?  If she had this amazing power to just kill someone, why wouldn't she just kill the people who didn't know about her or some how make them find out her story.  A lot of stuff wasn't even explained like how did she make the tape?  It seems kind of impossible to me that a tape just appears somewhere.  The girl looked pretty freaky but other than that, this movie was not scary. I can understand why people are so blown away by Gore Verbinski's version of The Ring. After all, american horror fans are somewhat desperate for halfway decent film making so I'm not suprised that the public has gobbled up this watered-down retread. Ladies and Gentlemen, do not be deceived.Hideo Nakata's 1998 film "Ringu" is the scariest, most perfectly crafted horror film ever made. It is a masterpiece of sheer terror and imagination. It is everything that the american version is not.Dreamworks doesn't want you to know that, that is why they are suppressing the release of japanese film in this country. Everywhere else in the world, "Ringu" is known to be the greatest horror film ever made. But, not in America. Why? So Dreamworks can take your money and shove an inferior film down your throat.Do yourselves a favor. Log on the Ebay right now and get yourself a copy of the Japanese "Ring" trilogy (Ring, Ring 2, Ring 0). Then experience what TRUE horror is like. I was actually excited to see this movie based on what just about everyone who had seen it had told me, but the movie just ended up being another example of why American movie-goers have no clue. First off, I thought this movie was supposed to be scary? It wasn't, at all. I never found myself being remotely scared. Second, this movie explains almost nothing. Watch it as many times as you want, most of what happens has no explanation, and the plot has more holes than a block of Boar's Head Swiss Cheese. Maybe "Ring 2" will clear things up for us... I doubt it.Wanna check out something really different? Watch "Donnie Darko."* of **** I absolutely hated this film. First off, the acting was atrocious. I have not seen such a miscast group in a very long time. The children were overly cute, the female lead spent more time worrying about her hair than studying the character, and I'm pretty sure the male lead was a model. They were stiff and wooden, and entirely unconvincing. Every emotion was overdone; I felt as if I were watching theatre (and not in the good way). And the lead female character was a total monster (which was a complete departure from the original). That actress butchered that part, being calm on second, hysterical the next, flirting with her ex-husband and showing no real personality under the surface of classic modern sarcastic bitchiness.The direction was brutal. A good director could have at least made some improvement in the acting, but sometimes I got the feeling that no one had even screened the film after it was made. In on scene, the mother enters her son's bedroom, looks at his bed, and the shot of what was supposed to be her line of vision was actually at ceiling height looking down. And oh my God the dialog. I wrote better dialog in stories when I was eight. Predictable, simple and completely lacking any flow. It was also overly flirty and sarcastic a la Dawson's Creek, that distracted the viewer from even the possibility of setting a suspenseful mood. Which then brings me to the unbelievably annoying subplot of the rekindled romance between the two leads. Totally unnecessary and so nauseatingly Hollywood. Once again we find a director who falls back on ridiculous notions of sexualization for the sole purpose of fattening up weak material, and subsequently failing miserably. Then we come to the plot problems. While the film overexplained a million tiny details, it ignored numerous necessary points, such as the chronology of the horse family's events, and the girl's psychic abilities. She obviously could control events/actions with her mind, yet there wasn't even an attempt to explain how. Also there was a complete lack of explanation of where the girl came from and/or why she was evil. Yet the film spoon fed certain details to the audience, to the point of choking. Us hearing the voice on the phone, the extended first death scene, the water oozing out of the television, what was up with that whole Before you die you see the ring nonsense? Which was, incidentally, totally inconsistent as the boyfriend was not drawing on magazine faces or scribbling circles before he died! And what was with that stupid female lead getting knocked into the well? Most rediculous scene ever! And then we come to the ending, which was so obviously complete left open for a sequel, and in doing so, dropped all moral implications of the tape. Instead of the ending in Ring (where the mother asks her father to watch the film and die, giving up his life to save that of his grandchild, and effectively ending the cycle), in the remake, they imply that all that matters is saving the son, regardless of who sees the film and if the cycle continues. It is appalling that this film was able to be made. On a good day in ideal light this movie is foolish suburbanite pseudointellectual hogwash. This movie is utter garbage, an insult to anyone with a three-digit IQ and a disgrace to the cinema everywhere. When you think of the miles of pristine 35mm film that were sacrificed so this movie could earn a studio millions of dollars, one is reduced to tears.
The recipe contains two parts lowbrow kitsch to one part silly horror. Combine with unaccomplished actors and morality preaching and we have `The Ring,' an innundation of poorly shot images and masturbatory use of wide-angle lenses strung together to form a barely cohesive story. The nauseating use of twisting plots and poor characterization is almost as infuriating as the distinctly plagiarized shots. The absurd plot makes suspending belief for `Star Trek' look easy.We are bounced like a ping-pong ball in our sympathetic expectations as audience members until we drop on the ground suffering from a bad case of futility. If I wanted such an experience I would open up to random pages of a Charles Dickens novel reading off random words from the page, pretending to be able to formulate something of value.If you are not a pre-pubescent moron or a comatose half-wit, then do yourself a favour and see something else. Forget urban legends, watching `THE RING' is more likely to kill your brain cells than any VHS tape recovered at a mountain lodging. I didn't like this movie and was mad that i spent money renting this at Blockbuster and I am also angry that I ordered pizza for this movie because I thought it would be really sweet. I'll explain why this movie wasn't good to me. THIS WILL SPOIL THE END OF THE MOVIE AS I WILL MAKE COMMENTS ABOUT THE ENDING!1. This movie was in no way scary to me. You see some dead face for .5 seconds in two different scenes throughout the entire movie. That is not nearly enough to scare me or even entertain me. Maybe if they had like their hearts ripped out or there body was taken apart and like their bodies were hanging from a wall.2. The lapses between the two so called "death scenes". Waiting the entire movie to kill off one character. That is simply ludacris. Maybe if you found some pictures or something in a cabin that showed the high school students who had died in the beginning.3. Aiden ,or whatever the boys name was, did some stupid stuff throughout the movie. "I couldn't sleep!" What the hell kind of excuse is that. And why did he now so much about the girl.If I have some more time I might go over a few other details that annoyed me. I must say the ending was a little innovative but it seemed to make two mistakes. I would of enjoyed this movie more if after Naomi Watts and Noah (don't know actors name) the movie simply faded out and the credits began to roll. BUT, this didn't happen and the ending had Noah die and then they make a copy of the take and the movie ended. Well I think that the director should have went beyond that and had something more happen. I honestly have no idea what should of happened but there NEEDED to be something else to happen after that.Oh, yeah and the horse jumping off the boat was like the funniest thing I ever saw in my life. It was like just about to clear the railing and then it's back legs hit the railing and the horses face collides with the side of the boat. I was laughing for like three minutes! Well, the original Japanese version of this film was fantastic! It's such a shame that the Americans decided to do a remake.... The premise of the film has been slightly changed, incorporating bits from both Ring and Ring 2. The new plot is pathetic, the in-film 'video' didn't have the mystery that the original had, and the storyline has been interweaved with irrelevant rubbish. I wasn't expecting much from this film, as most American interpretations of foreign film are dire to say the least! The use of visual metaphor, story, situation and casting were all terrible. If you havn't seen this film yet then don't bother! Rent the original. This movie was terrible.  I can't believe the amount of hype that this movie received.  I went in expecting a movie that would be somewhat scary but all I got was a movie that was laughable at best.  Let's see, there were so many weak points, it's hard to know where to start.1. The lack of a coherent plot severely crippled this movie.  It took too long to figure out what was actually going on and the ending was a tad lame. The ending didn't really answer any questions and at best, added to the confusion.2. The lack of good acting skills also hurt this movie.  In my opinion, the best character by far was the little boy.  Everybody else was just gravy.3. The capabilities of Samara were not scary, but just so far out there that it didn't make any sense.  With the abilities that Samara was given, she should've been able to destroy everybody...weird...she didn't...4. This movie was just plain overrated.  If this is what is considered very scary, people need to watch the classics again.  To relate this movie to The Exorcist does not do The Exorcist justice.  That movie was truly scary. The Ring went for some cheap scares and it shows.In the end, this movie was pretty poor.  Too often, the standards of the general public falls when they view a string of weak movies.  This movie might be scary compared to what has been released lately, but it is nowhere near the quality of The Exorcist. After reading many of the reviews listed here for this movie I was looking forward to seeing the "Ring". I could not believe how bad this movie was and I like a lot of movies and am not the type to bag on a movie just because it is popular. (SPOILERS) Too many holes: how did she make the tape? why was she evil? how did the images get on the tape? the images of herself were on the tape also? Why did the police not care about any of the people dying? Was there a phone in the well? (being sarcastic) I could go on but will not. I have given this awful movie too much of my time already. If you like a movie that has to use loud noises to get you to jump or to stay awake then this is for you. To the untrained eye of "John Q Moviegoer," this might appear to be a strikingly original ghost film, but in reality its a pointless and half-assed retelling of the scariest film ever made (with typical Hollywood "bigger is better" excess).Dreamworks didn't release the original over here for a reason...because they don't want people to see the superior version! Do yourself a favor, track down the original Japanese trilogy (bootlegs can usually be purchased on EBay). Not only is it scarier, but it makes more sense!Just goes to show that imagination and not money (the remake literaly cost 60 times more) dictate how scary a movie is. Fun fact: The producers of the remake saw the original and were so blown away that a 1/2 hour later, they bought up the remake rights. My question: If you thought it was the scariest and greatest thing you've ever seen, WHY REMAKE IT?!? Sheesh.Don't settle for anything less! See the original! Another lazy American remake of a far superior non-American film.Yet another example of unoriginal copybook filmmaking made by dumb americans for dumb americans.See the Japanese original, yes it has subtitles but for once try using your brain for a change and see a truly creepy and original film. !!Spoilers!! I'm sorry, but this might have been the stupidest movie I've ever seen. It was incredibly cheesy, corny, and had a ridiculous ending. Filmmakers need to draw the line between gross and scary. There were some things in the movie that looked simply disgusting. The Birds - Now that was a scary movie. That had these psychotic birds that flew around eating people and pecking out their eyes. Not this stupid "girl coming out of a TV to kill you" type of thing. This movie was not hard to follow, or hard to understand, it was just hard for me to freaking stay awake. ooh, a horse is going nuts! ahh! scary! This girl is mentally disturbed and was wierdo-freak parents! ahh! She has long hair over her face and looks like a freak! ahh! I would have gotten more enjoyment out of banging my head on a wall for the 2 hours this movie dragged on. The coolest part was when the horse want nuts and got all chopped up. That was hilarious. And the video itself was rather interesting. Either way, I want my $4.50 and 2 hours of my life back. Terrible. I would have given it a negative score if I could. If you haven't seen this movie, don't. I see RINGU the original japan. version of this film and when I see THE RING I just didt like it. It's a poor modify copy. In my opinion they lost the finesse and atmosphere of the asian screenplay and add useless crying hot stuff. There were so many things wrong with this movie i have trouble keeping them all straight. But one thing that really bothers me is that if Jigsaw was the one laying on the ground in the bathroom, what happens if Zep never shows up? What if Zep was killed by Danny Gloover before he made it to the bathroom? Does Jigsaw simply just get up and walk out? Could the guy in the middle of the bathroom not be jigsaw, but another part of Jigsaw's game? What if Zep killed the wife and kid, how does Jigsaw get him the antidote for the poison if he's lying in the middle of the bathroom? Why does the doctor wait till the last minute to finally cut off his foot? It was too late, it was after six and as far as he knew his wife and child were already shot dead, it wasn't the best time for heroics. These are just a few questions i had about the film, but i may be missing something or everything as i have only seen the movie once. Please Help! There are some actors who are terrific no matter who's directing them. (Paul Bettany, Denzel Washington) There are others who are irredeemably awful in absolutely anything (Ryan O'Neal comes to mind). And then there are guys like Cary Elwes. He was dynamite in The Princess Bride, every bit as swashbuckling and fun to watch as Errol Flynn. He shines in ensemble pieces; equally convincing as the desperately manipulative Thomas H. Ince in Peter Bogdanovich's pathetically under-seen The Cat's Meow and as a fat, balding, prissy theater producer in Cradle Will Rock. Of course, it helps that all these are good movies, which the generic horror flick Saw is not.Not that it doesn't try. It's got that grinding, industrial-metal soundtrack, to get us all edgy when the film itself cannot. It's got those hyper-motion quickcuts, the same kind used in the remake of Thirteen Ghosts, which at least knew how lame it was, and was thus easier to take, with tongue firmly in cheek. Perhaps using the gore factor (which there isn't much of; Shaun of the Dead was gorier than this) to patch up some gaping, 747-size holes in the plot, Saw cheerfully telegraphs the shock moments, using some halfway-clever plot twists that almost make sense at the time but on second thoughtwhat a mess.Anyway, here's the set-up: A kid named Adam (Leigh Whannell, who wrote the script) wakes up in a nasty old bathroom chained to a huge pipe in the wall. Opposite him is Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Elwes), similarly chained and even more confused. Between them lay a dead man, his head apparently half-blown away, holding a gun in one hand and a tape recorder in the other. It's all revealed to be the work of the "Jigsaw Killer," who devises unique life-or-death scenarios for unsuspecting, flawed folk to work their way out of or die. (Set this in a giant, three-dimensional Rubik's Cube, and you have the much more intriguing Cube; set it in another unnamed city with Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman hunting a deranged Bible-nut, you get Se7enWhannell has obviously seen and studied them both).So Adam and Dr. Gordon are trapped together, for reasons that are calmly explained away in a series of flashbacks. The goal: Gordon must kill Adam with whatever implements are at hand or else his wife and daughter will buy the farm. And yes, in a toilet stall they find a couple of hacksaws.Nothing is what it seems, of course, and I have to report that I saw the final denouement coming from the first twenty minutes. The enigmatic "Jigsaw Killer" is a lot like the alien race out to destroy humanity in Independence Day: faceless and just plain bad, bad, bad! Kevin Spacey's genuinely chilling John Doe from Se7en may have been a fairly one-note character, but at least we were given reasons for his psychosisand what's more, we believed them. Saw's killer is given a perfunctory motivation, but it all rings as off-key as the acting.First-time director James Wan wastes Danny Glover as a cop obsessed with the case, and his demise is a complete let-down. He delivers some nice, gruesome moments, but since I saw (pun not really intended) them coming, they're not much more than Pavlovian audience buzzers. Judging by the general crowd reaction, Saw will get plenty of word of mouth help from the high school set, make a nice, tidy little profit, and since a sequel has already been announced, old Jigsaw will likely be around torturing people for no apparent reason for some time. (This review does not necessarily expose the plot of the movie, however it may change one's expectations of the movie and thus make for a less enjoyable experience.) Ever rented a scary movie, expecting to be on the edge of your seat in fear, and instead ended up howling in laughter at each and every stupid turn of the plot? This movie had so many opportunities to impress and actually scare the viewer. It was cut poorly and jumped around too much; making references to the past seem more like excuses as to why the plot was heading in its particular direction. The writers must not have thought about how the potentially excellent plot should have been carried out, because the poor construction of time throughout the plot is discouraging to the viewer and makes the movie increasingly tiring to watch.Almost worse than the writers having abused what could have been an excellent and classic thriller was the fact that it gradually relied on cheap tactics for a scare. The acting didn't make it scary, and the situations hardly made it scary, therefore it needed a few dark scenes with things jumping out at you to make it worthwhile. Even those were predictable.Not even the gore could've saved the plot, and it rivals the gore of the successful thriller Se7en.Speaking of Se7en, I feel like Saw tried to follow Se7en's incredibly fascinating psychological theme, but failed miserably in doing so. I was terribly disappointed in the lack of analysis and plot structure surrounding the psychology of the killer. The beginning scenes tease the viewer into thinking that this is a psychological thriller; believe me, it is far from that.Oh, did I mention poor acting? At first, Cary Elwes seems makes a convincing performance; however, this completely deteriorates at the most crucial parts of the plot. I was left in tears of laughter at this performance, which is worthy of a Razzie. The performance of Leigh Whannell is also terrible and too played-out, although not as bad as the performance by Elwes, and the big red flag with this is that Whannell is also a writer for the movie.The end of Saw could never make up for having lost the entire middle of it, and that is what makes it a huge failure. It was an opportunity wasted, and I have no clue as to why Monica Potter and Danny Glover chose to take roles in this movie.I am mad at myself for wasting money on just renting it. It was definitely not worth the $4, and in the future I will definitely avoid seeing anything having to do with Elwes, Whannell or James Wan. The big tragedy in this is not that it lacked basis to its plot, it's that the great potential storyline was thrown away and poor acting added insult to injury. I'll avoid the poor puns involving the title and just conclude with this: don't watch this movie. This was the most unrealistic movie I ever seen.I can't believe that the writer and director didn't see that almost all the movie looks like a SF one.For example: 1. It is impossible for the killer to stay on cold glaze and after 10 hours to get up so quickly.2. You can't get electrocuted trough a water pipe like in the movie.(believe me, it's my domain)3. With a saw you can cut 10 pipes in 10 hour very easy. Let's say that the chain was made from steel but the water pipe was rusty and it was made from iron.4. If you try to cut your foot with a saw you faint (in the best case, it's more likely to die because your hart fails) before to get to the bone(shin).And there are more other examples. This movie is a poor attempt of an "intellectual" horror movie. I was shocked to later learn that the movie had received box office acclaim and a 7.5 rating in IMDb. Don't know which ones worst the plot or the intelligence of most people who thought this movie was great. It looked as though the writer was up late one night watching an episode of Survivor(while flipping channels to MTV where Nine Inch Nails were playing) and subconsciously thought to himself "What if the challenges were sadistic, I could turn it in to a horror movie". Clearly didn't pay attention to the storyline as it was littered with loose plots. Completely pretentious and a time waster. SEVEN (or "se7en", whatever) was a really good film. The killer (Kevin Spacey) was presented in such a way as to challenge us, the audience, about what we really believed about the nature of good and evil, and the status of those concepts in our current society. His madness was affective (with an "a") because of the degree of method it involved. He was a smart guy who had really thought about what he was doing and honestly believed that he was right. That we could ~almost~ (that's the key) identify with him, made him all the scarier, and all the more thought-provoking.Unlike seven, SAW is pure fluff. This movie has nothing of consequence to say about anything. It has pretensions of being in a similar vein as SEVEN, but any similarities between the two movies exist only at the most superficial level. It's like writing a harlequin romance in iambic pentameter and comparing it to Shakespeare.The movie has all the typical elements of a provocative psychological thriller, but without any unifying principle to legitimate them. There are plenty of bizarre murders and plot twists, but in the end the only point behind any of it is gratuitous shock value. (Picture the filmmakers prodding you in the arm, saying "That was some pretty messed up sh*t, huh!?!?") I especially disliked the murder sequences that looked and sounded like Nine Inch Nails videos. It's works for about 2 1/2 seconds, at which point you ask yourself "what exactly is the point here anyway?".Unlike Spacey's character in SEVEN, the serial killer in SAW is just some old guy who's angry at the world because he's dying of cancer. Thus he decides to punish people he feels are taking their healthy lives for granted, by coming up with twisted "games" in which they're forced to kill or mutilate themselves or others to remain alive, the "lesson" supposedly being that one should value one's own life over everything else, including the lives of others. In my opinion, this is a shallow nihilistic philosophy that's about as "profound" as Nazism. Overall, SAW is a pointless exploitation flick that is nowhere nearly as interesting as it pretends to be.I have to admit that it's not entirely without craft (I have seen worse movies - WAY worse, in fact), but the end result I found to be primarily irritating for the simple reason that SAW DOES NOT DELIVER THE GOODS. If it didn't promise them in the first place, this would be okay, (I probably would have given it 5 or 6 stars), but as I have been arguing, that is not the case. I could overlook the plot holes and hackneyed genre conventions if the movie professed to be frivolous entertainment and nothing more. But it doesn't! It tries to pass itself off as a truly disturbing and "serious" film. If this is the criteria by which SAW is to be judged, it fails, miserably. Unfortunately, the lowest I can go on the rating scale is a 1. Never have I seen a movie with such a GREAT premise and promising directing lose so much because of the acting. Carey Elwes was extremely disappointing for such a seasoned actor. I mean this was suppose to be a scary movie and I couldn't help but laugh at the over dramatized way Elwes told Wannell he would send help to get him. Wannell's work wasn't nearly as bad and he's a newcomer. Overall, this could have been a great movie given some better actors, major script adjustment and WAY more than 18 days to shoot. I mean give me a break!!! You've got two guys chained at the ankle on either side of what appears to be a bathroom and a (supposedly) dead guy in the middle of the floor and you're telling me that neither of them, one being a doctor, notice that he's breathing?!?!?!? What did he do, hold his breath for 8 hours?!?!?!?Comparing this movie to Se7en and Silence of the Lambs is just plain ridiculous. Sam Raimi did a better job with The Evil Dead his first time around.The only thing scary about this movie was the acting. Whenever I write a review my conscience tells me to think of all the talented people who put so much time and effort into their project. "Be fair" I hear it say. On the other hand, thinking of the readers of these reviews, there are times when a dose of brutal honesty is the only option.Director James Wan and actor Leigh Wannell co-wrote Saw, therefore they have to accept the burden of culpability for what I can only describe as one of the worst films I have ever seen. This is quite remarkable considering that the opening denouement promises so much as we find Mr Wannell waking up to a living nightmare. He and fellow actor Cary Elwes find themselves chained by the ankles on either side of what can only be described as the bathroom from Hell with what is presumably a dead body between them. The only clean object is a clock on the wall. Ticking. We look forward to a psychological drama......what we get instead is a convoluted story centred on a character known as Jigsaw, a sadistic evildoer who gives his victims the chance of life if they are willing to sacrifice others. This is explained to us via flashbacks... lots of flashbacks. This gives us the opportunity to see Ken Leung as Detective Sing and his partner Danny Glover as Detective Tapp in a double act straight from the Lethal Weapon school of acting - which is actually remarkably good compared with our two leads trapped in the bathroom who are gradually running through every emotional gamut in an effort to convince us of... What? Well, this is where the problem lies. We have spent one fifth of the running time trying to establish characters, plot, development, direction. We have nothing. Mr Elwes, playing the part of a surgeon and Mr Wannell as a down-at-heel photographer have both tried tension-breaking comedic, breaking-down emotional and shouty. We shall leave them for a while as they bond, fall out, solve clues, fail miserably to escape before their deadline etc. Meanwhile we can continue with the flashbacks and find out just how easy it is for our two inept detectives to bond, solve clues and go after the homicidal maniac all on their own...Oh by the way, did I mention Zep, the rather sinister hospital orderly, or John, Dr. Gordon's patient with an inoperable frontal lobe tumour. How about the good doctor's wife Alison and daughter Diana? Well they all pop up in the inevitable flashbacks. Eventually everybody, doctor,wife, daughter, policeman who is still alive, photographer, patient, extremely patient reviewer get together in a Grand Guignol finish... Oh sorry - you want me to save one-hundred minutes of your life? Here goes. Doctor has to kill photographer by six o'clock in order to save his wife and daughter who are being held by orderly who has been poisoned by maniac who will only give him antidote if he kills doctor's wife and daughter. Detective, who went insane after maniac killed his partner, is paying photographer to follow doctor who he thinks is maniac. Orderly fails to follow through due to not tying doctor's wife properly, detective arrives, fights orderly, speeded-up car chase a la Keystone Kops - no idea why. Both end up in the sewers, detective dies. Doctor loses concentration, realises it is now gone six. saws through his own ankle, shoots photographer but fails to kill him. Drags himself out of bathroom. Reviewer loses concentration. What we thought was a dead body in the bathroom turns out to be patient John aka Jigsaw who gets up and kindly tells photographer that key to padlock is in bath - same bath that photographer emptied of water at beginning of film thus leaving him trapped there. John/Jigsaw leaves.To sum up: a film with sadistic overtones, poor acting, what we can only presume to be an unfinished script, ludicrous plot and loose ends inevitably leading to sequels which, fortunately for all of us I shall not be either viewing or reviewing.Whilst IMDb offer no clues as to the ages of reviewers I feel fairly confident in declaring that most of the people who give this film a vote of seven or more would be below thirty. It would be interesting to see what would happen if they all came back in twenty years and revised their votes... Well, to be honest I have seen worse movies.....but not many. I was "fortunate" enough to see this movie at it's Las Vegas sneak peek a week before it opened. Needless to say I did my best to forget it, but after seeing a sign for "Saw" at the local dollar-movie-theater my friends and I began to joke with my friends in the car about the wretchedness that simply was this film. An interesting concept, at first glance, but in retrospect there are a lot of films about serial killers that a far better than this and the only thing that is interesting about the idea is that this murderer is just a little more artsy and creative. Once you get past the acting of Leigh Whannell the first five minutes minutes aren't bad, but then it's all down hill from there. From the cheap hypertension/pop out scares to the cookie cutter chase scenes, this movie blows.......hard. Typically I enjoy Danny Glover and he has given many worthwhile performances. He was definitely the best part of this film, but he was phoning the whole thing in......logically that can tell you what the rest of the movie was like. Whannell is completely awful throughout and made my nuts hurt, just watching him attempt to act. Typically when someone hears you make such a critique they say, "Oh yeah, like you could do better?" Well, in this case I would have to say, "Yes." Cary Elwes, who I also typically love, is so bad in the last scene of the film that I began to question whether or not it was SUPPOSED to be funny. The acting was certainly as bad as the directing and script. If I do have one good thing to say about this steaming pile of monkey shirt, it's that all parts are equally terrible. How anyone could put this movie in the same class as Se7en or any of the Carpenter, Craven, Hooper, and Barker films is beyond be. This film is pure excrement. When this comes out on DVD (which will probably be in a month) save the two hrs it takes to watch and teach a k under privileged kid how to read. Save the twenty bucks and give it to a homeless guy, cause him buying a bottle of vodka with it is better spent than buying this movie. I saw this film in seventh grade. And liked it. i even brought myself to comparing it to "The Silence of the Lambs" at one point. How? i don't know. I thought of it in such a way i even showed it to one of my friends about two months later and told him it was better than Dawn of the Dead. For this i should be tarred and feathered. BUT, upon this second viewing, i started to notice things. Things that I didn't notice the first time. That viewing took me to a place i have only been to on two other occasions, but I won't get into that now. I'll just say that when the movie was over i had to apologize to my friend for lying and rethink this movie over and over.The first aspect of this movie i hated was the editing. Are we watching MTV or what? i beg one of you readers to count how long the longest shot in one of the escape scenes is. You won't touch 4 seconds. Maybe 3. Perhaps the tension would build a little bit if the camera relaxed and waited for a human being who is not on speed to catch up with it. At least that way we know what we're afraid of instead of picturing the 1/100 second flashes of the "scary things".The acting was atrocious and not in a charming horror movie way. The second leading man can't do a thing to cover up a British accent and Cary Elwes gave one of the worst performances in cinematic history. Why would the casting department hie a man who can't give a cry of pain to save himself from a real cry of pain. And Danny Glover? Does anything even need to be said? YES! What a bad role for even an "only good in one movie(Tenenbaums)" actor. We see know descent into madness. This is most likely because of the poor and pathetic writing or the sub-par performance given for a sub-par movie.Come to think of it, I can't think of one actor in this movie who I'd like to see in anything else unless they were playing a struggling and out of work actor. Ironic?Now for the development flaws. I'll start with the obvious one. how can it be that two healthy men can sit in a room for hours with a dead man WHO IS BREATHING? Do they expect us to buy that? An idiot maybe(Which isn't saying much for Saw fans). Not to mention that they spent a good amount of time near the beginning of the film focusing directly on "the dead man". Next, the killer's whole "philosophy" about how he doesn't actually kill people, he causes people to kill themselves. What? My metaphor is that if you put a landmine in the front yard of a day-care center and wait for recess, you didn't do anything wrong. It's the kid's fault they walked onto the landmine that you put there. Who honestly thinks this makes sense? Be honest. Also, this killer claims to give everyone a chance to get out of his traps. But Dr. Gordon has to kill Adam in order to get out and save his family. This gives Adam what kind of chance? On the tape, never does our killer mention a way for Adam to be saved. This goes against his whole philosophy. The flashback in which the girl is let free: There are numerous things that bother me about this sequence. For one, the principle that i applied to the Adam situation applies to the drugged stranger laying on the floor with his stomach cut open. Also, the cancer-ridden killer is somehow able to rig up a "creepy" doll to ride a tricycle and turn its head? That's just unrealistic for lack of a better word. Last but certainly not least, she later says that he helped her. Why? Because he got her off drugs? I know about drug-addicts and an experience like that would not want to make them do less drugs. And this helps her better than, say, rehab? Also, if this helping principle is applied to every case, how does it apply to Dr. Gordon and Adam's situation. Will killing a virtually innocent human being help a man with his infidelity problems? Cheating on your wife is not nearly as bad as killing a man. Apparently, I disagree with the killer. Too bad. What was Adam's wrong-doing in the first place?Why would a man who is just an orderly at a hospital who appears to be the killer at first, but soon is rectified take pleasure in tying up a mother and daughter at gunpoint? Not only does he do that, but he listens to the girls heartbeat as he points the gun at her mother's head. What was cause this guy to think that his killer is the only possessor of the antidote to his poison? I'd rather go for help hoping that the cure isn't Tridium. And even if the killer DID have the only antidote, how would a cancer-ridden old man obtain possession of such a rare substance. And it never thoroughly explains what Zep did to deserve such shabby treatment from the killer.Finally, The Twist. OOOHHH! How surprising! Why? Because we, as an audience don't expect a man whose living should have been apparent to our two main characters hours earlier. The movie all builds up to these two words.......Game Over! But not my review. No. How is the game over? We've left a still alive Adam, mother, daughter and Dr. Gordon unspoken for. OK, we can assume that the killer kills Dr. Gordon, but what about the rest of the characters? Once again, the movie leads up to "Game Over". Probably because this movie accomplishes about as much for the film industry as a bad Video Game that no one remembers. Wait, What's the difference? What is going on with people these days? How come this piece of celluloid junk can garner a 7.5 rating on IMDb, higher than films like "The Duellists", "The Unbearable Lightness of Being", "Predator"... or "Bachelor Party", for that matter? "Saw" is yet another derivative shocker, stealing copiously from the likes of "The Cube", "Se7en" and several low-budget European films. It has no redeeming values, and offers no real surprises to speak of. By comparison, "Equilibrium" was another derivative film, but it had a heart in the right place. "Saw" is pure cinematic drivel, coming from another "cool" wannabe director, probably weaned on video games and MTV-style editing, and scarred for life by hooded men in corridors with blinking yellow/blue lights.Beyond a bunch of shocking images, there's nothing worth a glance, much less a second look. We're not talking about a "Funny Games" type of movie here, since the German film was at least engaging, albeit in a sadistic way. The re-watchability factor is *zero* for James Wan's creation... I was wondering why the local Blockbuster stores are selling scores of "Saw" DVDs for a couple of bucks apiece. Now, that I've seen the film, I know the reason. Word of mouth may have helped this abomination gain some attention, but its real place remains the trash can, amidst empty syringes, vomit-stained underwear and junk food containers.I honestly wonder if the reviewers claiming this film teaches you true lessons in the meaning of life are in fact convicts escaped from an asylum where they were taught lessons about "life, the Universe and everything" - including art - by the likes of Dr. Mengele, Ceausescu and Uwe Boll. I will admit straight up front that I am a movie snob, but even my bf who liked "Night at the Roxbury" admitted that "Saw" crap. Everybody had been telling me that the plot of "Saw" was brilliant but I wouldn't like it because it was too gory. Well, I finally watched it last night and there were two parts throughout the entire flick that I had to turn away from. The "brilliant" plot was nothing short of retarded. And as for the "big twist" at the end, well, that is when the film went from 1 on 10 to negative 100 on 10 for me. My complaints don't just stop at the plot of this film, however. I realize that this film was fairly low budget... but I didn't realize that low budget meant that James Wan could only afford to hire the worst two actors on the planet. I hope that "Dr. Gordon" gets a razzy for that completely and totally unbelievable performance.The fact that this movie has become so acclaimed over the last two years only serves to reinforce my view that the mainstream public cannot discern quality from crap. Don't waste two hours of your life watching this movie. It is he most sick and horrible movie i ever saw. Sick person the director, dirty minds the other people of the crew and everyone who participated in this. I just wonder why the approve the production of these sick movies that put in psychopaths' mind dirty ideas of sadomasochism and cruelty...and of course it is an American film...all the ru...sh movie production comes from this country...if i could i would vote it 0...the only thing i just wonder is that we live in a sick world with dirty minds...and if you people want to watch a movie that will make u sick for the next few days or give you some ideas of how you can make suffer another person watch it or watch a live beheading from Irak...Culture is dead in this country...at least in its movie industry Mullholland Drive, Terminator 3, Shanghai Knights, and Speed 2 were the bottom of the chum barrel for me. Then along came this movie and wow! It was conceptually a good idea. But the execution was awful. Actually awful would be a compliment. Our theater was in an uproar of laughter when the film was supposed to be at it's scariest and most intense moments.To explain how horrible this film was is almost impossible. It's almost worth renting to see how to NOT make a movie. I joined IMDb only to put in this review. People need to know what's up before they waste $1.99 at the Wherehouse.I'd compare watching Saw to rubbing wasabi in your eyes while drinking pepper spray when walking on shards of glass in a room filled with agent orange. I know it's a horror and the acting is supposed to suck... But Carey Elwes reached a new low. His performance was so brutally bad that it made is role in "Robinhood: Men in Tights" look Oscar worthy. His accent kept changing throughout the film like Madonna's did in the 90's. He was just so bad. I love Danny Glover but he was so miscast in this p.o.s. that it was unfair to him as an actor. His part should have been played by Beetlejuice from Howard Stern or Bobcat Goldthwait. Then maybe it would have been believable.This brings me to James Wan. Is his dad the producer? Who would look at this movie and go, "Yep! We got a masterpiece!"? The editing, directing, and acting were super sketchy and it is James Wan's fault. He needs to not make a movie ever again. Now someone is producing a sequel to Saw for him to direct? If you want a scary film see the new Texas Chainsaw Massacre or Winnie the Pooh's Heffalump Movie. If you want the side splitting comedy of the year get Saw. I'm going to go swallow some thumb tacks now. This movie just sucked. I only went because a friend insisted, even though I told him it would probably be pretty bad. "Pretty Bad" doesn't do it justice. "Saw" is about a couple of guys who find themselves trapped in a "third-world bathroom" chained to pipes with a dead guy in the middle of the room. The "Horror" technique is mundane and predictable. The bits of comedy are laughable to a 5th grader.As far as Horror movies go, this one sits pretty low with the Scream Sequels. The movie aims to scare the viewer with gore and quick cuts, instead of using suspense and surprise to shock. There is only one scene in the film where suspense is used well and uniquely works, and this was the only time I was scared during the movie. Anyone who has seen this movie should know the scene I'm talking about. If you don't remember, don't bother seeing it again.The dialogue is poorly written and slow. The characters lack any believable motivation through most of the film, which is two hours long, and only deliver convincing drama as the movie nears its end. The plot also plays out much like a game of Clue, and there are enough loopholes and loose ends in the story that attempting to explain them would drive a tax lawyer insane.Oh, by the way... Danny Glover should know something about acting as a cop from all the Lethal Weapon films. There was obviously no attention paid to the details of investigative and law enforcement procedure and tactics. In one "climactic" scene I can recall seven or eight major tactical mistakes that would have easily been avoided if the production team cared enough to pay attention. This failure makes the scene in question laughable more than suspenseful, and this is the kind of thing that can ruin a decent movie.Predictability is also a huge problem with this movie. It's not as predictable as a movie based on a book you've read, but it comes close. WARNING: SPOILER! It's the dead guy who did it, and I have no clue how he laid on the floor for eight hours with neither of the protagonists noticing he's breathing. This movie sucks.In summary, all this movie gave me was a sore neck and a desire for eight bucks. I can't believe anybody paid for the script and the production. Boy, was I fooled by this movie's title. As a horror movie fan, I thought it was going to be a horror film that consisted of a saw-wielding maniac stalking some unsuspecting victims. Little did I know, it was nothing like that at all. It turned out to be a thriller with ridiculous & non-scary moments.I don't really want to get into the story, because it's really stupid. There is nothing "horror" about this movie. It is only a thriller with some horror moments. The films takes itself too seriously and tries to scare the audience. However, I ended up laughing at the "scary" scenes instead (especially the infamous scene where a victim saws his own leg off).The killer in the movie is very lame. In fact, Jigsaw (the killer) is not even seen until the end of the movie. So many sub-plots are there to confuse the viewer. It tries to cover up the obviously stupid ending. And worst of all, the killer has a strange resemblance to Dr. Hannibal Lecter from "The Silence of the Lambs". I don't want to see a movie villain copying Hannibal, because Hannibal is one of a kind. Dr. Hannibal Lecter is far superior than Jigsaw, as you may have seen Jigsaw's weakness in the sequel of this film.Overall, this movie is just your average thriller-fest. There isn't enough horror in the movie for it to be considered a horror movie. True horror fans should avoid this film at all costs.I give this film a 1/10. Please pass this review on before Friday and hopefully prevent mass suicides and psychotic breaks in fans who have been looking forward to this film.By all that is holy if you have not seen the complete piece of over-hyped crap that is SAW save your eyes and mind the torture and never, NEVER see it. This will be the movie people will pass around as a gag gift in a few years. It is the morning after I caught a much anticipated sneak preview and I find myself more p***ed and disgusted than disappointed in the film. Jon Favreau noted on Dinner for Five once that you can take a chance on the script, the director or the lead actor in a project and still have things turn out all right. So we have a first time director, first time screenwriter ( he is also in the film and gives himself the only cool line in the entire movie) and Cary Elwes. 3 strikes and you are out. The thing that p***es me off is that the story is good. The base idea behind this film, a guy who gets his victims to kill themselves in a variety of horrible ways. Definitely up there with Se7en, wait a minute, that was the story from Se7en, so never mind. By the end of the film you WANT every one to die horribly just so that it will end. A previous review commented on an overly giggly audience, they were laughing because this should have been a comedy. Not a single moment of the film was scary or even creepy. All of those scenes were telegraphed horribly and executed with boxing gloves on. There are simply no spoilers to give away. Danny Glover tried but he had nothing to work with, not sure why there were even police in the story line as they provided no advancement of the plot, and didn't even provide any interesting death scenes in their search for the killer. Dina Meyer has all of 3 or 4 lines and never even takes off her clothes, which could have redeemed to film somewhat. Monica Potter is the best performance of the film and that because I think the confusion and anger that her character showed so well on film was drawn from her own emotions at being connected with this project. Cary Elwes should never be allowed to work on any film, anywhere, ever again. I would have rather seen Jake Lloyd or Hayden Christiansen play the role because they could have given better performances. There was also none of the grisly violence that was promised, I think they either showed a different cut to get the R rating or they paid to get it. "Shaun of the Dead" was a more grisly, horrific and scary film and they were TRYING to be funny. This not only deserves no starts on any reviewers scale it deserves to be the baseline of a whole new scale of just how bad a movie can be. I give it 5 out of 5 thrown handfuls of monkey excrement. In the immortal words of J. Jonah Jameson, "Crap. Crap. MEGACRAP! Save someone's life and print this review. I know I came close to suicide."The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible." --Albert Einstein (1879-1955) -except for how this movie ever got released. This movie had a good premise, but, simply put, poor acting and poor direction/cinematography ruin this flick.Actually poor acting would be complement. Honestly, this is has some of the worst acting performances I've seen in recent memory. If you want to see the definition of overacting watch Cary Elwes in the last 15 minutes of this movie. Ughhhhhhhhh.The fact that this movie received a 7.5 from IMDb voters is an indictment of the whole IMDb rating system. Its not like only 50 people gave it this high of ranking. 16,000 people have voted for this. That fact alone makes me lose faith in mankind. Please don't see this. You will make James Wan think he is actually a competent director. An utter waste of time and money. I want my 100 minutes and 4 bucks back.I know this review sounds pretentious, but I'm not trying to be. The movie is actually this bad. I'm trying to make all your lives better. Everything I say is the truth. If you have a brain in your head you will heed my advice. 1 out of 10. Having read some of the reviews, I thought I'd give this a go. I loved Danny Glover in Lethal Weapon, I thought perhaps it might be worth for him alone but...Oh how I wish had trusted my instincts!! The plot has more holes than a colander, the acting is risible and the script is a complete joke. Why in God's name does crap like this get made when there are so many good scripts out there just begging to be filmed??? Saw is fatally flawed and the exec who gave it the green light must have been clinically insane or totally incompetent. What a waste of 90 minutes. Rubbish. I would rather saw my own leg off than sit through this again. This is a thriller genre flick that is full of unintentional humor. The transitions in this film were awkward, the plot flimsy and worst of all the acting was miserable (in the pathetic to the degree of hilarity sense.) I am not often a critic butcher of the films I see, but I simply do not understand the rating of 7.4 for this amateur hour joke. The surprise ending was a novel approach, but by no means worth $9. It is worth renting if you feel like aching with laughter at the unconvincing cries of Cary Elwes and Co. Basically this film is a cheap attempt at capitalizing on the success of films like "7" and Silence of the Lambs. Don't buy the hype! USA today reported this film to be a work of genius...I challenge y'all to find a more appropriate deterrent for any moviegoer with a speck of taste than such a review from USA Today. I'll Start of by saying that the ending did provide a small twist that I didn't expect, however it leaves you feeling completely unsatisfied. Actually looking back now I feel like I've been tricked and a bit of an idiot. (If you've watched the movie's ending you'll know what I mean)Overall however,this movie was a joke, the concept was good, but it just didn't work for me. For starters Cary Elwes acting is horrid. By the end of the movie I was actually laughing out loud and thinking to myself "how in the world did Elwes ever get an acting job?" I felt nothing emotionally for any of the characters. A lot of the actors lines were cheesy. The movie had a few scenes that were a little creepy, but nothing that got my heart racing.I think what annoyed me most was how completely stupid the director ends up making most of the characters look. There were several times near the end of the movie where the characters could have stopped(remains nameless),but I guess none of these people were blessed with what would be referred to as "common sense." I understand that the director wanted to draw out the climax to make it more action packed and interesting, but he didn't need to destroy the characters intelligence to accomplish this.If your looking for a good psychological thriller/horror movie like "Scilence Of The Lambs" then you'll be really disappointed in this one. The best advice I have is to save your money for a better movie and sit this one out, but if you're dead set on seeing it rent the DVD first! If you're like me you'll be glad you did! Trust me by the end of this movie you'll have wished you could have borrowed Elwes saw to cut off your head because you'll feel like a complete idiot that you wasted your time(and money)on this! The basic story idea is cruel and idiotic. A psychopath forces people to kill others or themselves, to become more thankful regarding their lives (do not think about it to long, it does not make sense...). It probably sounds promising for a horror movie, but even than: The basic story idea became a terrible movie. The acting is bad and the dialogs are really dumb. The script is full of loopholes and many many things do not make any sense. The worst is the end: The psychopath spent eight hours playing "dead man" between his victims and they never noticed him breathing? Crap! Why did he caught Adam at all and what chance got Adam to survive this cruel game? What chance got the victim of the drug addict and how could it help someone in a psychological way to kill a human being? Beside the loopholes, the dialogs and the bad acting (poor Danny Glover), beside the idiotic end and the useless and helpless detectives, beside the fact, that the victims are discussing with the killer instead of killing him immediately, and beside many other things, this movie might be good movie. Saw is the worst movie i have ever seen. Not only was it not scary, though i admit it had one suspenseful part, it was stupid. The premise on which the movie was written was entirely pointless. This movie not only lacked plot, but it also lacked story and character development. I get the theme that we are supposed to be happier that we are alive, but this movie was a horrible way of showing this. Plus, this movie obviously shows that it is okay to kill another human so that you may live, even if this person did nothing to you. In conclusion, Saw was a horrible, pointless movie, and i recommend that you find a better use for your time than seeing this movie. You have to be careful. Among those who are likely posting here are staff from Evolution Entertainment and Saw Productions, Inc. They are pretty easy to spot (e.g. one obvious giveaway is that Danny Glover's acting is called "amazing", "really good" or any of a number of superlatives usually reserved for real actors, not cardboard cutout types). This has become a common practice among film companies -- corporate fraud comes in many disguises, you know, not just like Enron -- since box office on a film's first weekend is so financially important and the deception needn't be carried on longer than that first week and before."Saw" is a made-only-for-the-quick-buck, terrible B-movie. The acting is wooden, the script is not clever, the music is blaring and uninventive, the sound is so uneven that you feel you're missing significant pieces of dialogue (you aren't). Looking around the theatre I noticed a couple of patrons having fallen asleep near the end. There is one positive: the opening credits are spiffy.Overall, the feeling you'll leave the theatre with can probably be compared with the feeling after you vote[d] in this election. You went into the booth with high expectations and then got something completely different when it was over.Rating: a generous 1 out of 10. I originally loved this series. Saw was original, and it was the biggest cinematic twist since The Empire Strikes Back, The Sixth Sense and The Usual Suspects. It was a horror without needing to be a cliché horror and follow all the rules.Saw contained a story about Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) who's given a test by an unknown person, to kill the other man in the room, Adam (Leigh Whannell). Adam's test is simply not allow himself to get killed. As the movie progresses, we learn that these two more about each other than they first let on.Every Halloween, Lionsgate and Twisted Pictures had a new Saw film come out, despite initially that director James Wan and screenwriter Leigh Whannell didn't have plans to make a sequel. It eventually grew to a substantial fan base.By 2005, people had been split into two groups, logical and Gordonites. This was due to the fact that people were displeased with Gordon's fate not being shown or referenced which made people come up with theories for the next five years. Eventually, Saw 3D writers Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan wrote the character back in, using basically every idiotic idea from the fans over the years.It ended up ruining my experience of the franchise that I had paid into for the last seven years. I feel cheated knowing I was lied to for the last six years and that Hoffman was the final accomplice to Jigsaw.It's simply the worst horror franchise to date, thanks to how the writers ruined the whole series by being lazy and using all the fan ideas. Gordon's fate ruined multiple characters including: himself, Jigsaw, Amanda, Hoffman, and Adam. Plus, his fate ruined the storyline of Hoffman and Amanda being an accomplice. It also ruined the history of Jigsaw's work and it ruined a lot of crucial elements such as the timeline and flashbacks.It could have been the best horror franchise of all time, but with the sloppiness and illogical conclusion it is now the worst. This is a good movie if one is willing to overlook the hundreds, literally hundreds, of logical fallacies in this movie. Other reviews give a good overview of the plot, I'm not looking to do that here. I just want to point out some plot inconsistencies and/or the lack of critical thinking that the characters demonstrate. I will list a few of my observations below. 1. They go to a waterfall where they can scream as loud as they want and the monsters can't hear them. Why not live there? They could fish and collect drinking water near the river. The monsters would probably stay away from the area since the sound of the falls would impede their hunting ability. 2. When taking a walk, does anyone seriously let the youngest child of the group walk behind them. Why on earth would they let a young boy walk a hundred yards behind the adults in such a dangerous situation. They can't even correct the boy if he makes any mistakes, and indeed this results in his death. 3. How on earth did they get the corn planted? By hand? After 400+ days you wouldn't see corn in nice little neat rows like it was planted by farm equipment. 4. Since the monsters can't hear you if there is a loud sound nearby, why not bring out one of the downstairs speakers and blast something 24/7 on one of the nearby trees or on top of the house? The monsters would get used to the sound and leave the area alone, leaving the family to talk in peace. 5. What human with a brain wouldn't consider making a soundproof room. They could go to the city, get a bunch of foam, blankets, pillows, whatever, and plaster it around one of the larger rooms until they created an effective sound barrier. In the movie, a single mattress pulled over a walkway is an effective sound shield. Imagine how effective they could be if they put some ACTUAL effort into soundproofing the room. 6. Apparently the monsters can be killed by shotguns? The entire military was wiped out, with all the weaponry of the finest military in the world rendered useless against the monsters, but Emily Blunt shoots one in the head and kills it? Right. 7. The mother, Emily Blunt, is pregnant. Why would you bring a newborn child into this world, when the child will surely jeopardize the safety of the entire family. You know that babies cry right? Pull out or use a condom. 8. If the monsters can hear the faintest sound from far way, why do they have trouble hearing sounds that even humans can decipher at close range. A baby crying, a mother's heavy breathing, a persons heartbeat. All of these things would be loud to a creature that hear can hear footstep from a half mile away. 9. The mother's water breaks and she starts having the baby. She tries to contain her gasps and walks downstairs only to step on a nail on the stairway. She lets out a sound and falls, causing the monsters to hunt her down and nearly kill her and the newborn child. However, just in time, she is saved by fireworks designed to distract the monsters. Instead of removing the nail like any sane person, they just ignore it and leave it sticking up on the stairs for someone else to step on. Dumb. This movie isn't terrible, with great acting and a pretty unique backstory. But the glaring logical fallacies and the idiocracy of the characters made the movie completely unwatchable for me. The monsters don't really seem that formidable after further inspection, and if the family followed any of the tips I mention, they could live with little difficulty. I also can't understand the fuzz about this absurd movie. The list of stupid, impossible things in this post apocaliptic world is endless.Full electricity power in a devastated world without any generator at sight that would make noise and attract the aliens
A couple that decides to have a baby who will cry, attract the aliens and have all the family killed in seconds
A house sorrounded by acres of corn, an annual crop. Who cultivated it within the last 6 months? 
A nail in a step pointing up. How that happened?
Aliens that could beat all the armies in the world but are killed by a single shotgun of a smiling mother that has just lost his husband?
This husband that only thinks about shouting loud to attract the alien that is about to kill his children instead of making a diverting noise like throwing a stone?
Emily looking sharp, blonde dyed hair, hands done, for months and months?
Sending your child to light fireworks in the open instead of switching on a radio or else?
All imaginable cliches. Everything so dumb and stupid. Not worth it. I honestly have no idea how this movie reviewed so well, as I was sitting there I was absolutely dumbfounded by the actions of the characters and how these 'aliens' could even beat an organised human army of the middle ages. They wouldn't even need swords, I reckon they could have gotten the job done with sticks and rocks. We are seriously meant to believe that aliens, with seemingly no sense of site or smell but incredibly hyperacuity of sound, beat humans? That is the first and primary stupid premise of this film. Sound is the easiest thing to manipulate, can be matched with opposing noise to cover and as we found out later they have an intensely disabling reaction to high pitched sound. SERIOUSLY? If we met creatures like that on an opposing planet, we would make them extinct. Set up a sound box, bring them in blow them up/shoot them when they get near. Put DOG WHISTLES on humans to disable them when routing the few stragglers, have loud speakers on an armoured vehicle whilst patrolling so they would attack that and the men could walk up close, change the pitch to very high and place his gun on its head for an easy kill. I mean honestly, the most manipulable sensation is the only one they have? And to add insult to injury, a shotgun blast clearly blows it's head open (so their armour or not so tough) and they emit electromagnetic pulses when getting near? There is no believable scenario in which these things would triumph over humans. I thought maybe these creatures had sonar capability, but no they are even more useless than bats.Secondly, the humans in this are so utterly stupid its not funny. So the backup plan to scatter the aliens away if they are on the farm..... light 5- fireworks to distract them for about 20 seconds. Something much easier- a remote speaker activated with an ipod? A FREAKING RADIO with remote switch? They have power in this film, yet this is the best thing they can think of?His death was contrived nonsense too. The only thing he could think of was to scream to draw the alien away from his kid? How about throwing rocks/the pick he was holding AT THE GIANT METAL SHED BESIDE HIM? Also, WHY IN GOD'S NAME WOULD YOU DO ANYTHING BUT GO TO AN OPEN FIELD WHEN THE CREATURES ARE CLOSE? You have a distinct advantage in site- running to a closed car COMPLETELY DISABLES this. Common sense would dictate when you think its close, crouch down, breath into your sleeve to reduce sound and keep eyes open. The alien will neither smell nor see you, and if you need to move that you can see it and go slowly, whilst trying to throw an object somewhere to make noise for a distraction. She is heavily pregnant and they build a soundproof room that's NOT EVEN SEALED properly. They have a mattress that goes over the trap door? Ultra dumb and tries to set tension later in the film. It just screams laziness when a horror film has to build tension through dumb and pretentious means that no human would ever do.I could go on and on. This film is terribly lazy in building drama, uses jump scares all the time, cliched in the family 'unit' (there are seriously people here talking about the great dialogue??? This film had decisively little dialogue in it, and was utterly vanilla. They were all stereotypical family members, I bet not one person can name a quirk or unique character trait of any of them). The humans are stupid and the aliens are an incredibly flawed invader- Arnold from Predator could make a whole bunch of traps in the trees like he did in that film and wipe them all out in an afternoon. Overall, one of the worst movies I have seen in a while. First, why is the young kid left in the store and following the family home 30 ft behind everyone? Why if you can talk and live normal at the waterfall and lake are you inland at your house? You mean to tell me that the entire world is wiped out and nobody thought to themselves let's crank up the volume on radio waves? Dumb movie. Brilliant idea. I had very high hopes for this movie. The more I watched it, the quicker I realized that I (and the three other patrons in the theater) had been duped. I'm not going to beat this movie to death by going into details... everyone else has already done that. The movie came with a message: women and girls are smart and brave and men and boys are short-sighted (stupid), cowardly, and bumbling idiots. Case in point: the father had in his possession a shotgun which (as we learn late in the movie) was perfectly capable of killing the monsters. Why he had never attempted this, we'll never know. Why the military wasn't brought in, we'll also never know. I agree with everyone else about stupidity of bringing a baby into such a world, especially knowing that it would be impossible to defend him against such a murderous creature, while also endangering the health of the mother during the birth of the baby. I also couldn't get past the young boy who essentially grew up in this silent, dangerous world but acts like he was just dropped in from a happier time and place. And the nail... stair treads get hammered down from above, not up from underneath! Unbelievable. Equally unbelievable are some of these reviews. Totally fake. They all read very similar. Pretty sad. So many questions and so many illogical and nonsensical things in this movie. 
If the sound is so important and if the batteries for the toy are so important, why leave the batteries on a table next to the toy and leave the room, dear GOD!!! Of course a 3-year old doesn't know any better.
Why did earth get conquered by creatures whose weakness is high-frequency sounds and who can get killed by a shotgun blast to the head?
Why does dad think a mattress is enough a fortification for the basement and why are there freaking apples on a mattress xD?
Why did dad have to die screaming instead of, oh I don't know, throw his axe in a metal shack 5 feet away from him and silently walk away with his kids??
Why do they decide to have a baby in this hideous apocalypse, a baby that has to scream when it's born so all of you get killed instantly?
Why is there a nail stuck in the middle of the damned stairs?????Characters are so stereotypical and so forgettable it's painful. A good caring dad and a good caring mom, a rebellious teenage daughter and a coward younger son. Cinematography is nothing to write home about and the music in some places was unnecessary, pulling you away from the usually silent experience. 
Movie also additionally salts the wound by blatant jump scares.As I'm writing this the grade stands at 8,2, disgusting and unfathomable. Open your eyes people and use your brains. This is an appalinglly bad mystery thriller movie. Stupid beyond belief. Be very quiet (not to tell anyone you paid to see this crap) or be very stupid if you want to spend your money to go see this crap... or at least make sure you get paid by the studio like imdb's reviewers apparently do.Even the slightest sound will kill you so what would more sense than go scalping for food with a 5-year old? The answer here seems to be to make sure not to have a care in the world what the toddler is up to. Later on I the movie after Disaster Dad and Family have gotten the 5-year old killed, Disaster Mom and Dad decides to bring another newborn into the world... we never see this scene but it might have worked with a John Cleese cameo: "No sound, please. We're British."And then there's the transformation: Disaster Mom turns out to be everybody's favorite superheroine Miracle Mum. A big nail up your foot while about to give birth and being chased by a monster... not a sound, of course, and the birth giving is also done in complete silence, naturally! 
I say, anyone for tennis?In case you didn't notice it the first time around and if you should ever find yourself in a situation where you have to re-watch this movie, like in Hell's Waiting Room, notice how the monster - as it waddles down the stairs - is making more sound than Donald Duck singing Jingle Bells on a Christmas Morning without it affecting it in the slightest. It's a cool power to have, that... immune to one's own sound. Somewhere along the movie, probably in the middle around the 4 hour mark, I started thinking, if only they could find a nice place by a river where there would be plenty of fish and natural sounds, preferably near a waterfall that could muffle all human sounds... Dear God, it was so bad on so many levels... How about the writing on the wall. Q: "What is its weakness?" A: "Sound." Funny, that.Still, not zero but one star for being slightly under 9 hours long (it didn't feel like a minute more, at least not to me). Three out of three of us found this film b o r I n g and pretty
poor. A simple premise, alien creatures, looking very familiar ( which film set were they borrowed from ? ) hunt by sound, they cannot be heard if there is background noise I.e a river or waterfall. So why not live by the river and have a normal conversation ? But no ? Repetitive killings ensue. Why I ask myself would anyone get pregnant and produce a screaming baby, when you know certain death awaits you ? Really ? ( bad enough giving birth under normal circumstances ! ) 
Quite honestly, I am appalled at the low quality of films of late that are given good write ups by all the media. O
Another wasted evening, not to talk about the money, mercifully not too long ! 
Sticking to Sky Atlantic & Netflix for the time being. The precise is good, the acting is good, the writing is bad. There are many many major issues, but for me, the main one happened in first 10 minutes.All I have to say is: if you have 3 young kids and you walk in a straight line, who goes first and last. I could not watch it after. That did it for me. I always read imdb reviews and others before I go to a movie. I read about 20 reviews and everyone praised this movie as one of the best horror movies in a long time, it also had an 8.2 rating. Even though I was skeptical I decided to see it with my wife. So after sitting thru it for about 45 min. I was still waiting for this movie to "ramp up" as so many said it would. Well I guess all the reviews were done by people associated with the movie as the only reason it put me on the "edge of my seat" was because we were debating whether to leave or not. We didn't leave but we should have. This was about as pathetic a movie as you can get, horror or otherwise. Standard monsters that have been done many times before. Few if any scares. And the payoff, They figured out how to neutralize the monsters. Save your money, see something else, anything else! Believe me I'm not particularly picky when it comes to movies, I just want to be entertained and the Quiet place fell way way short of doing that. In a world which has become a quiet place, because the slightest sound you make attracts monster aliens to kill you, you must be very quiet and keep your mouth shut to survive. The characters in this film, however, were extremely annoying, making one stupid mistake after another. From the girl (Regan) who lets her little brother (Beau) have a battery-operated toy which, surprise, makes loud sounds when he starts playing with it, and surprise, he quickly gets caught and shredded to pieces by one of the monsters, to that same girl who is disobedient and headstrong, always getting into trouble, and butting heads with her father, to her brother (Marcus) who accidentally knocks over a kerosene lamp after losing a game of monopoly to his sister, to his mother, Evelyn, who, inexplicably is pregnant. How in the hell do you think you can have a baby in a quiet place? Child birth is very noisy, and babies cry and scream for weeks and months after they're born. Unless this family found a sound-proof booth somewhere, then they have no business in having a baby, which is tantamount to suicide for the whole family. In short, this film is annoying, boring, and predictable; a total waste of time and money. This film was a huge disappointment. My expectations were high based on the Rotten Tomato User scores, I do not pay much attention to the industry professional critics scores so I ignore the regular Rotten Tomato Score and the Metacritic equivalent. I usually go by the audience score instead.The movie has no backstory to tell us what happened. The story is completely illogical. It makes no sense why the characters do what they do. Why would Regan give her little brother a toy shuttle that makes noises when she took it away in the first place. I knew what would happen before Beau (the little boy) took the batteries back from the countertop.How did the Abbott's managed to cover so many trails with Sand?Why would Mrs. Evelyn Abbott get pregnant and put the entire family in jeopardy. Did they think through what would go on during labor? And where they under the impression they could command a newborn to be quiet upon demand?The film was not remotely suspenseful because their actions made it very clear what the consequences would be. The film was utterly predictable. Besides, most of the film is silent until a few seconds before an event is going to happen and then the soundtrack gives it away. Why are the characters consistently shushing each other throughout the movie? Haven't they all lived like that since the invasion? On jump scares, this film fails miserably. Here is the glaring problem I had with this film. They knew the creatures were sensitive to sound, then why not ambush the creatures and pick them off with guns. Here is an idea. Place loudspeakers on the nozzle of an Abrams M1 Tank's canon and have fun splattering alien juice all over the place.Forget about buying snacks to eat while watching the movie. I was able to hear the rear auditorium doors swing open and shut from the front row of a large theater. Munching on anything will irritate the people around you. Why is it that they have huge ears that can hear any little thing including the sound of a hearing aid but they can't hear heavy breathing when standing right next to a person? Or the footsteps of people running through the forest and a corn field? 
This movie is very boring and predictable.
Also WHY would you get pregnant when in an apocalyptic situation where you can't make any sound? Have the forethought to not even take the risk.
After they showed that the wife was pregnant, I couldn't get into the movie at all. It was just too unbelievable at that point. The pregnant during an apocalypse story line has been done too much. I went to see this film with big expectations due to the trailer and the reviews, however...A creature that hunts by sound is a great concept but for it to hear everything with all the other noises on the planet is ridiculous! The dad proved that with the waterfall and river noises earlier in the film - If that was the case I'd personally live under a waterfall or atleast next to it so I could have an actual conversation.You'd think the couple would also take "extra" precautions to avoid the possibility of having a newborn baby - especially with a creature that hunts by sound...You never find out what the creature is, where it come from and how it managed to roam about the place with its sassy attitude. The whole film was a disappointment with no real progression of the story, a part from the beginning of the film, the entire film takes place over a few days at most...The ending! The ending was ridiculous, killed by a hearing aids high pitched noise, to be then shot with a shotgun - alerting all the other creatures and then .... the end. Just like that. Dos:>Build a proper soundproof room
>Live near a loud noise
>Create a constant loud noise 
>Put thick carpet down
Don'ts:>Have a baby
>Leave loads of stuff everywhere on shelves and tables waiting to be knocked 
>Waste loads of electricity
>Have wooden floors in your house
>Leave your wife and baby in a clearly flooding basementThe aliens don't make any sense. How could they get to earth? How did they navigate? They make a clicking noise as if to be mapping with sonar yet they only respond to direct sounds. When they run towards sounds they would always be running into things. Doh tree, Doh truck, Doh wall... Doh stupid film.The way the kids are sinking into the grain doesn't make sense, its grain not quicksand.I was very conscious of my popcorn. Mildly Cool opening scene turns into boring drawn out thoughtless sloppy story. no backstory. No indication there is any reason THIS particular family should be the only survivors in town - nothing exceptionally creative going on and the climactic moment was cookie cutter copy paste from every B movie. Krasinski cant act. 
Blunt was obviously a step above the rest. 90 minutes into the movie and 13-14 yrs into the family and THATS when the wife demands the husband take care of them??Fake reviews. No excuse for this to be above a 6. 
And it only gets that for the production value and Blunts performance elevating the rest.Buy a large popcorn, nachos, and leave your phone ringer ON - give the audience some entertainment that way. Otherwise avoid shelling out money for this. Premise: Aliens who are blind but have an incredible sense of hearing have taken over earth and attack with lightning quickness if they hear you. First this movie gives very little in the way of exposition. We are told nothing of the alien invasion,how it went down, or how creatures who can't see have mastered interstellar travel. 
Second the movie seems like it was written in one afternoon at a coffee shop while the screen writer had any number of sci-fi movies playing in the background on their laptop. So little thought was put into the plot it feels like this was the project of a film school student.
Third the movie presents us with a family who have bland,prosaic characters that do little to make you care about them. Ok so first I noticed everyone even in bad reviews commended the acting. I disagree. John Krasinsky became well known for his highly expressive face on the Office. In this movie he has one wild eyed look and that's it. Emily Blunt has all the emotion of an eggplant. The children were mediocre but I'll give them a break because they are still learning and this movie didn't give them much to work with.
The alien creatures lacked any originality. Even down to the sounds they made. They are a cross between the rippers in Resident Evil,the titular creature in Aliens, and the arachnids in Starship Troopers. The sounds they made resembled the raptors in Jurassic Park so closely I was waiting for John Hammond to come out and say no expense spared. 
The movie's premise of the aliens being reliant on sound to hunt is ridiculous. If this is to be taken as true then we must assume there is no wildlife left yet we are shown birds and a raccoon. 
If you know anything about the animal world you know that the few species that use sound as a primary sense are low on the food chain and mainly prey on insects. 
Ok so we are expected to believe that in the course of 400 some days this family wouldn't figure out that a creature highly sensitive ears could be taken down with high frequency sound?? What are they spending their days doing? Oh right playing Monopoly and somehow growing a bumper crop of corn.
Other reviewers who are critical like myself have pointed out the obvious thoughts about what happens if you fart or snore at night or how the wooden floor of that old house is free of creaks and noises. 
I'd like to tackle the issue of the wife allowing herself to get pregnant in a world where a screaming infant would invite the aliens to come eat everyone. I just don't see a modern woman allowing pregnancy to happen when she already has two children to care for. And then there's her 5 minute long labor and delivery. That was such a load of crap on the part of the movie makers. No woman gives birth that fast without screaming her head off as a baby goes flying out of her body. As a woman I call shenanigans on that. 
But with all that being said let's address a very real issue. According to the two papers with info about the aliens written on them, there's a mere 3 of them in the area. THREE! There's no way I'm believing 3 aliens without sight couldn't be taken out swiftly with a bit of planning. Its ridiculous to try to get away with load of baloney. We have more guns and ammo in this country then people. I think 3 aliens could be handled.Long story short: this movie was a half hearted attempt at using silence as a tool for suspense. It had potential but the screenwriter(s) phoned it in. But I'm sure they'll be sequels. Every piece of crap gets a sequel or 2 these days. I'm looking forward to Cinema Sins (great Youtube channel that does the everything wrong with_ videos) ripping this movie apart. It's difficult to make a good film about aliens who kill everyone who makes a sound. So they didn't even try.Why did they decide to have a child knowing it would result in certain death?Why did the dad commit suicide? Could he not have just thrown a stick to make a noise?I found myself rooting for the aliens at the end.If you have an IQ similar to a sock, you will love this. So much potential, yet too many holes in this story. Slow, slow, boring start, and tried to get better and looked like the story would take off. WRONG!! First off, wouldn't you carry the shotgun everywhere you go? While traipsing through the dangerous woods, would you have your youngest, most vulnerable child lagging way behind, only to be scooped up by a beast? Forget the noisemaker the little tike turned on, alerting the beasts...what if the kid trips and blurts out a syllable? I'd be carrying my kid. Why string up an array of lights and security cameras? I thought all you had to do was sign all the time. 90 minutes into this saga and a teen has an "aha!" moment and hits upon the exact right decibel level, frequency, hertz or whatever and magically immobilizes the enemy? Hello?... were there scientists anywhere out there trying to figure out a remedy only to be out-thought by a 9th grader? Best cringe and scariest moment was of the 2 inch nail injury...not enough to save this movie. And the ending? Ok, now I see how the security cameras and shotgun come in handy. But, too late...this is 90-something minute movie ONLY and it's simply time for it to abruptly end. I cannot understand how this movie gets rave reviews. Sad, sad ending. Had its moments, but mere moments don't make a good movie. Just saw this movie. Based on the reviews of the so called critics I thought I was in for a good movie night. I honestly can not comprehend how a flawed movie gets such positive reviews like this unless there is money to be made by false reviews...(o..wait) E.g there's this critic Amir Siregar from 411Celeb who gives it a 4* rating on this site but a 5* rating at his other review site amiratthemovies. Where is the integrity? There is money involved somehow, unfortunately it is from us, the people who go to the cinema at 15$ a ticket to be entertained. Instead you leave (probably earlier) with a feeling like WTF happened here? IMBD should be banned in my opinion. It is impossible to like all the movies you see but there should be at least a mid range of scores as well, instead of bottom and peak scores. 
This smells fishy to say the least.IMBD shame shame shame These reviews must have been written by bots, because everyone I know hated this movie. No character development; no plot; stupid story line. We are to believe that a four member family can live for over a year without speaking, belching, farting, coughing, or sneezing! Gimme a break! Multiple simple logical holes in the plot are big enough to drive 18 wheelers through. Direct ripoff scenes from many previous horror/sci-fi flicks. Not even scary, just irritating. Please do not go to this movie...it will only encourage Hollywood to offer more crap like this. For me its a super stupid movie. I mean.. making baby in this kind of situation? Are you an animal or human? Dont you have brain? I'm convinced that Hollywood is stuffing these reviews. This movie is horrible. Everyone's barefoot, walking in sand. Think about it, tennis shoes make no noise and you wouldn't need to put down millions of tons of sand. Second, the movie list day 472. So how did all the acres of corn get planted during the year, by hand? Anyone with half of brain would build a sound proof room. Finally, I think humans could have easily outsmarted the creatures and killed them. I WALK OUT OF THE MOVIE IT WAS SO BAD. The movie is definitely not scary, and starts slow with a predictable ending. The creature in this film is a generic Demagorgin from Stranger Things. I can't think of anything I liked about this movie. Why have a child when you're going to get hunted by a creature if you make noise? This is probably the most overrated movie of all times. I'm not a huge horror fan and I get scared very easily, but this movie actually made me laugh or sigh in despair about the lengthiness of the scenes and the predictability of the plot. I read the novel when I was a teen and it beat the crap out of me, I still am afraid of bath tubs in hotel rooms (embarrassing but true). The novel is an all time favourite of me and when I read all the great reviews about Kubick's Shining I was really looking forward to see the movie. What a mistake. For all lovers of the book, this is not a book adaptation, Kubick made his own story...unfortunately. Not only does Dick Hallorann get murdered by Jack - the fact he survives in the novel was one of the reasons I loved the book so much, it has after all somewhat of a happy ending -, but even worse, Kubick turned the whole story around and twisted it to an extend where the original plot is hard to recognize. Jack Torrance is very obviously a mad man right from the beginning who very openly hates his wife and kid, so as others have pointed out before, why didn't he leave his family or killed them before. The whole point of the novel, the normal guy and loving father with a hang to alcohol who gradually gets brainwashed by appearances in the hotel, gets totally lost. One might wonder why the movie even needs the whole hotel plot if Torrance is already mad as a hatter from the very beginning. Apart from this, I guess, had I not read the novel I would probably not understand one bit of what was going on with the characters. But unfortunately that's not all. Also the performances of Nicholson and Duvall were so lousy, it really crept me out. I've never seen Jack Nicholson perform so badly, he seemed like a parody of himself and don't get me started on Shelley Duvall. Periodically I thought I watched some amateur actor in a school play. Her adaptation of Wendy Torrance was so annoying I was staggered between the wish of seeing her chopped to pieces and the wish to see her survive and protect her little boy. The character Wendy in the novel is a strong, resourceful person, the Wendy in the movie is a whiny, weak, and extremely stupid person. The fact that she lays down and sleeps while she is trapped with her 'sick' son and a mad man in a hotel with no contact to the outside world is beneath me. The ending is probably the worst part of the entire movie, on the one hand it's ecstasy as the film draws to an end on the other hand it is as far from the original plot as can be which in this case is an extremely bad thing. The only actor that impressed me was Danny Lloyd, apart from the fact that Kubick partly tried to turn him into a parody of Regan MacNeil I think he did a fantastic job for the little six year old boy he was to that time. He seemed like the only natural actor on the scene. All in all this movie was by far the biggest disappointment I've seen for a long time. Save your time, better read the book. I shall never, ever be able to understand the phenomenon known as Stanley Kubrick. When he was on, as with DR STRANGELOVE, he was brilliant. But when he was bad, he was awful.I saw THE SHINING in its first release in a packed movie house in New York City. I had read and loved Stephen King's novel; I am widely read in the horror genre and do not scare easily, but that book gave me the creeps for weeks.Well for all the people who have been raving what a masterpiece this film is, I can only tell you this. The crowd in the theatre started giggling the minute Jack Nicholson appeared on film, and by the time he chased Shelley Duvall up the stairs, the whole crowd was literally in stitches. And I was laughing right along with them. Maybe New York audiences are just jaded; I don't know.Not that this movie does not have some scary moments. Shelley Duvall is rather good when she is away from Nicholson and it starts to dawn on her that something evil is taking over her family and her life. Unfortunately, Miss Duvall plays Wendy Torrance, a strong, intelligent, and resourceful woman in the novel, as a pathetic, whiny ninny most of the time, and by the time Nicholson had her trapped in the bathroom, I am sure plenty of us were screaming for her head. It must be said that this is not the fault of Miss Duvall, a talented and intelligent actress who according to reports fought bitterly with Kubrick over his interpretation of Wendy.The kid talking to his finger is another idiotic and unintentionally hilarious bit of business that was not in the original novel. Why Kubrick thought this was a good idea is beyond me.But let's get down to the real problem: Jack Nicholson. In the right role, he can be very good, though he has never been among my top ten. Jack Torrance is totally the wrong role for him; for one thing, he does not look ordinary enough. But the worst thing is that Stephen King's story was about a man being SLOWLY AND INEXORABLY driven out of his mind. Nicholson goes nuts so early in the film that there is literally nowhere for him to take the character. And Kubrick was either in awe of Nicholson, who was still riding the post-Oscar high from CUCKOO'S NEST, or he just didn't care, or he thought it was scary when it was actually funny. I don't know.As if all this were not bad enough, the whole mess drags on for two hours and twenty-two minutes; this movie practically cries out for a pair of scissors.Some people will feel that I have spat on an icon, I suppose, and they have that right. But Stephen King himself was not happy with this film, and when he finally got the opportunity to re-do it as a television miniseries in 1997, the results were much better. For the one thing that is missing in Kubrick's version is a heart.Anne Rivers Siddons, in discussing her excellent horror novel THE HOUSE NEXT DOOR, writes that the thing about horror is that it smashes people and relationships. Thus the best horror stories are at bottom also very sad (Brian De Palma's CARRIE gets this; Kubrick's film does not). And whatever your feelings about the miniseries format may be, the Torrance family created in 1997 were people you could care about. Director Mick Garris understands King better than Kubrick did, and Rebecca De Mornay, in particular, redeems the Wendy character in a spectacular tour-de-force towards the end. In 1980 the Torrances were figures of fun. Rather like the barbaric Victorian custom of laughing at the lunatics in Bedlam.Awful, awful, awful. How this film gained such high praise and notoriety completely escapes me. I have seen hundreds of films, and this is easily the most incoherent, bland, and lifeless piece of work I can recall seeing (especailly by such a renowned filmmaker). And yes, I hated "2001: A Space Odyssey" as well. Long, drawn-out, boring, lifeless film packed full of irrelevant imagery and symbolism that amounts to a filmmaker who doesn't know how to tell an intelligent story with solid characters and emotions. That is the same exact problem here.First off, Shelley DuVall added nothing of value to the film. She was blah from beginning to end. No endearing qualities whatsoever. The whole film was a failed experiment thinking that random creepy, irrelevant images coupled with an incoherent story progression devoid of any character arcs would be successful. Kubrick had no sense of scene transitions. He shows no ability to allow one scene to flow into another, to give it fluidity or convey that he has an overall, consistent vision. The inconsistency over what aspect ratio he intended for it is further proof that he had no concrete vision, in my honest opinion. A solid, competent, talented director knows what they want, and are very confident in their visions. They have a very clear idea of how they want things viewed by every audience, everywhere. That's why directors and DPs hate it when their films are put into the pan-and-scan format. Kubrick also fails to have his DP shoot or light 98% of the scenes intriguingly. Watching this, it was like watching an old TV-movie - dull, uninspired, and lifeless. Yeah, the steadi-cams and dolly shots are all impressive, but sometimes, scenes seem to exist just to show off the cool camera moves they can do. Scenes which contribute absolutely nothing to the overall film, in any aspect. Being a filmmaker myself, I am of the belief that every scene should have a purpose to either the plot or characters of the film. Anything else is a waste. And beyond those steadi-cam and dolly shots, it's essentially bland for nearly the entire film. Almost zero interesting angles, and amateurish editing skills. Yawn inducing cinema.Good story progression would show Jack Torrance starting out as a well adjusted, happy family man that gradually descends into complete psychosis and homicidal mania. Instead, Kubrick shows him as already a man dissatisfied with his life, marriage, son, and career. Then, Kubrick just flashes a title card on the screen saying 'One Month Later,' and Jack is already deteriorated towards the verge of madness. That's shoddy storytelling, and a hack's idea of executing a character arc. No cause is given to why he becomes a homicidal maniac. There's also no correlation between all the surreal, nightmarish imagery. It's completely random, and doesn't evolve into revealing a story behind its origins. All this surrealism is just an excuse for it to be labeled 'horror' as it doesn't serve an underlying purpose as to why anything is happening amongst the characters. They don't confront, deal, or resolve the reasons or purpose behind it all. It's just there to make the film bizarre.Now, I don't mind methodically paced films as long as there's a purpose to it all. Any talented editor could make this a much more effective film by chopping a good 35 minutes or more out of it. Horror films require momentum to equal good pacing, and good pacing is necessary for solid tension. Still, even if there was tension and good pacing, fact is, really, there are no endearing characters in this film for me to build any sympathy for. I don't care what happens to them because they're one dimensional, emotionless, weak-willed people. How this family could even co-exist for five minutes is beyond me, let alone how they survived a more than three hour drive up to the hotel in the first place.This film is almost complete trash because it shows the filmmakers have no intelligence or coherence for the movie they were attempting to make. There are enormously better conceived and executed films from this time that proved far more effective. If you want isolation and paranoia, check out "John Carpenter's The Thing." If you want surrealism, go rent Don Coscarelli's original "Phantasm." Rarely have I seen a masterpiece of literature turned into a pile of horse manure...PROBLEMS:(SPOILERS)1.JACK NICHOLSON= Hugely miscast.The descent into madness is supposed to be gradual. This Jack looked like he was already going to murder his family.2.SCRIPT=Although the names and basic plot are in place(guy goes loopey in hotel) a lot of the scenes in the film I could not remember reading(eg two girls,blood in lift). Why did Kubrick drift from the book? Mostly, he didn't drift in A Clockwork Orange, so why here?Plus, the characters were one dimensional cardboard cut-outs, so how could I pity them?3.SHELLY DUVALL=Deserved to die, she was that annoying. The Wendy in the book is strong willed and not a pathetic loser. The reason they went to the Overlook was to save their marriage.4.ENDING=Jack did not freeze to death in the snow. In the book, it showed that Jack was still human enough to recognise his love for his son. The ''frozen'' scene here left me with a feeling of disgust that the pinnicale of the book had been replaced for a cheap shock.WATCH THE TV SERIES INSTEAD BUT READ THE BOOK FIRST. I never did understand the appeal of this terrible movie. Mind you, I could probably say the same about most movies directed by Stanley Kubrick. He is one of those directors who produces very long, boring movies that move at a snail's pace and are really difficult to withstand for more than a few minutes at a time. Movies such as 2001: A SPACE ODYESSY, DR. STRANGELOVE and SPARTACUS are examples of this kind of movie.As many other commenters have pointed out, Stephen King didn't like this movie because it was not faithful to the book. In fact he hates it so much that 15 years or so after, he made his own movie entitled STEPHEN KING'S THE SHINING. I've never seen the other version. But anything with his name attached is normally worth watching so I'll at least make the effort to track it down. It really couldn't be any worse than this tripe churned out by Stanley Kubrick.I've heard THE SHINING being referred to as "scary", "terrifying", "masterpiece", "classic", "thrilling", "horrifying" and so on. Yeah right! This movie does not even come close to producing anything equating to those words. The only horrifying thing about it is how it became so popular.Where can I start with the problems of this movie? Let's start with Jack Nicholson. I thought Jack Nicholson was great as The Joker in Tim Burton's BATMAN, but in this he doesn't even seem to be acting. He plays a character who is supposed to become insane as the story progresses. Yet it is very clear from Jack's first scenes that his character has already "got a few screws loose". And that stupid "Here's Johnny!" line. Was it supposed to be scary? Funny? What? Who knows? It was just downright stupid as far as I'm concerned. Yeah I know it was a reference to Johnny Carson, but what's Johnny Carson got to do with this movie? The answer: absolutely nothing at all.And Shelley Duvall. What can I say about her? She looks like Olive Oyl from the POPEYE cartoons. How ridiculous! Somehow the viewer is expected to believe that her character and Jack are married with a kid. Yeah right! There is no chemistry between the two actors at all.Finally, Scatman Crothers. I have great respect for this actor. He appeared in TWILIGHT ZONE: THE MOVIE and it was one of the very dull segments. Yet his superb performance gave it credibility and the story touched upon my emotions. In THE SHINING, however, Mr. Crothers is there just to be killed and I don't suppose he was bothered about his character being killed off considering how lame the movie is. It was probably just a paycheck used to pay off a few debts. And the ridiculous thing is that the character in question never dies in the book.I honestly can't believe that people think this movie is better than classics such as THE EXORCIST, THE OMEN and THE Texas CHAIN SAW MASSACRE. But yet this movie has a higher IMDb rating and is sitting very comfortably on the top 250 chart. Nonetheless, that won't alter the fact that the three mentioned movies put THE SHINING to shame any day.Stephen King's SALEM'S LOT was infinitely superior to this movie. Personally I think the director of that movie, Tobe Hooper, should have been asked to direct THE SHINING. We would have had an infinitely superior movie. Trust me. I've seen plenty of Mr. Hooper's movies and he very rarely fails to disappoint. THE FUNHOUSE was a low point of Mr. Hooper's career but even that movie looks like Oscar-worthy material compared to THE SHINING.Overall, I would not recommend this at all. I've not seen STEPHEN KING'S THE SHINING, so I can't really recommend it just yet. But, I would recommend checking out some proper horror movies such as SALEM'S LOT, PSYCHO, THE EXORCIST, THE OMEN, THE Texas CHAIN SAW MASSACRE just to name a few. I am dismayed at the overwhelming positive response to this garbage of a movie. The only explanation I can come up with is the responses are affected by what I can the "Genius Effect" and time. The Genius Effect (which I'm sure someone else probably has coined - but if not, I'll take credit!) would dictate that if the filmmaker is a genius, then the film is a work of genius and must be excellent. Since I don't consider Kubrick a genius, I don't think all he had done was great. Some of it was OK, probably the best was FULL METAL JACKET, but I digress. I do think this point has some merit because reviews of Eyes Wide Shut were very good and, very recently, it was revealed that Kubrick himself thought it was bad (see Guardian Unlimited Film, http://film.guardian.co.uk/news/story/0,,1888077,00.html).The other effect, time, is more of what I remember people saying when the movie first came out. There were many comments that it shouldn't be considered a horror film but rather a comedy because audiences were laughing more than screaming (and not just at the funny moments, i.e. "Here's Johnny!"). It seems audiences are more kind as time goes by, or at least in this case anyway.The "acting" in this film is absolutely atrocious, especially that of Shelley Duvall, which one IMDb user stated "is very naturalistic. It does not seem like acting at all." That's because it isn't. It is flat and unemotional (even when she tries to be emotional). Jack Nicholson doesn't become crazy due to isolation, he's nuts from the beginning. His character's dealing with his wooden family doesn't beg the question, "Why does he want to kill his family," but, "Why didn't he do so long before this?" Not saying I condone injury to the dull and irritating, but being locked up with those two would put anyone's nerves on edge. I can't believe they survived the car ride to the hotel.Needless to say, I didn't find THE SHINING scary in any way, even when I saw it at age 11. By then, I had the wits scared out of me by a far worse movie IT'S ALIVE (gimme a break, I was 7). After that, I have yet to be scared by any other movie, and THE SHINING never even came close.In all honesty, I have tried to give THE SHINING a reasonable chance. I've seen it more than five times, thinking "I must be missing something." Each time it gets worse. All right, I've already written one review for this movie.  But I've gotten lots of hate mail since then because I was told I did not explain enough. So here goes.Lots of spoilers are coming.Let's start with the actors.  Jack Nicholson puts on a terrific performance in this movie.  I will say that much.  However, I hate to say that is the ONLY good thing about this movie.  The woman (can't even remember her name) is one of the worst actors I have ever seen.  She was just annoying and I was pleading with the movie for her death.  The little boy, in his slobbering fits, made me just want to puke.  No, the only good thing about this movie was Nicholson.The plot is not too bad, but is, to be honest, very lame.  He is a caretaker and must take care (duh) of the hotel during the winter, it's closed season. He takes his wife and child to live up there.Nothing happens for the longest time.  It is just such a boring movie.  I was so sick of it by the time Nicholson started losing it.  By the way, he loses it for no reason.  The movie doesn't explain anything.  I've never read the book, so I'm guessing you'd have to read the book to understand ANYTHING.  The kid has a magical talent or something called the Shining, but this has nothing to do with the movie!  I was at a total loss!There's a rather grotesque scene involving a naked woman that really made me want to shut this off.  But something drew me in... I guess I just wanted to see how bad it could really get.Whoo, I wish I didn't do that.It just gets worse and worse after that.  The plot falls short with tons of holes, the storyline is absolutely boring and crooked, and the climax is TOTALLY predictable.  I knew that the black guy would go up to the hotel, get killed, and the woman and child would take the vehicle and escape.The music is so horribly screechy that I just wanted to clap my ears and cause deafness every five minutes.  But I guess it fits the grotesque atmosphere of the movie.I was utterly disgusted by this movie.  If this is supposedly the best of horror, I will never want to watch the horror genre again for fear of seeing its worst. This entire movie could have been viewed with subtitles and everything on fast forward. Low on dialogue and storytelling, and sky-high on Kubrik-Hype, his God-awful long shots were as deadly as Jack Nicholson's axe... they killed the movie and any suspense it attempted to create.I literally watched the last part of this movie on fast forward. The Kubrik-esquire long shots are an absolute drag, and the producers should have worked more on the script to let people understand the story more.Try watching a few scenes on fast forward, and you'll get the joke. Absolutely unacceptable. The story is not served in any way by watching a well-acted freak with an axe limp across a half-mile hallway or an old black guy walk, 6-inch stride by 6-inch stride across the same bloody hallway for five minutes.All movie adaptations worthy to be mentioned should have enough material within the contents of the movie for people who have NOT read the book to understand ENOUGH so as to get the general story right. This adaptation does not do anything of the sort. Unacceptable script-writing and unacceptable direction. I forgave Kubrik on 2001: A Space Odyssey, but after watching The Shining, in hindsight, his clichéd long shots and his awful storytelling puts him in one of the directors whose work I consistently do not enjoy. This film is easily one of the most overrated films of all time. A below average film at best. Honestly though ? It's bad and extremely overrated. No wonder Stephen King hates this film, I don't blame him. I hate it too. And by the looks of this review section, I'm not the only one that hates it (besides Stephen King). John "Jack" Torrance's character from the Novel is butchered in this film, Wendy Torrance is a complete joke compared to the Novel version of her..even Rebecca De Mornay is a much better and more book accurate Wendy Torrance in the freaking TV movie, "The Shining", Richard "Dick" Hallorann's character is a complete waste in this film and dies in this overrated pos movie unlike in the real MASTERPIECE, the Novel, where he survives. Danny Torrance talking to his finger and not seeing the older, grown up version of himself is also a waste and a total joke in this film. The only reason I gave it a 3 instead of a 1 is because Stanley Kubrick's unique and great filming is on display but unfortunately, Stanley Kubrick failed at everything else with this film. This film is not scary at all, it has pacing issues, hammy and bad performances from every actor and actress in the film except for Danny Lloyd who gave a solid and good acting performance for being so young. And for the topping on the cake, this film is also a terrible film adaptation of the far superior/better Novel. This film somehow, someway has an 8.4/10 rating. My God. LMAO. This extremely overrated film is nowhere close to the REAL big league films/Stephen King film adaptations like The Shawshank Redemption and The Green Mile, especially The Shawshank Redemption. "Stand By Me" ("The Body" is the book's title) is also a much better film and King movie adaptation and so is the film and Stephen King film adaptation, "Misery" ! Mary Lambert's and Stephen King's Pet Sematary 1989 film adaptation of Stephen King's "Pet Sematary" Novel is a far more scary and horrifying film than 1980's The Shining. Both films have hammy and bad acting from the lead actors and actresses but Pet Sematary to a far less degree and it's much scarier and a more horrifying film. So is Stephen King's IT..the 2017, 2019, and 1990 versions..all three versions..but the 2017 and 2019 versions of IT has great acting to go along with the great horror and scariness and creepiness.Like I said, Stanley Kubrick's 1980's "The Shining" is one of the most overrated films of all time. The Shining Novel by Stephen King is much better and far superior. I bet the upcoming sequel, "Doctor Sleep", will be a much better film and Stephen King film adaptation than this film but will probably get a lower rating simply because it's not directed by Stanley Kubrick, who passed away years ago. Rest in peace to the guy and he was an overall good Director but his fans are obnoxious and have overrated every movie he has ever directed. There are better films than Stanley Kubrick films and there are better Directors than Stanley Kubrick. The suspense was ruined scene after scene by bad editing. Jack Nicholson was never credible as a sane Jack Torrence. This should have been billed as "loosely inspired by Stephen King's The Shining". Left out the topiary (a very important aspect of horror in the book) and what's with the repeated shots of the elevator of blood? I think the ONLY reason this has gotten decent ratings is because it has Stanley Kubrick's name attached to it. If it had the director as Alan Smithee, I doubt it would have gotten above a 3 rating. If you want to see a very faithful adaptation of the novel, rent the mini-series Stephen King's The Shining. Shelley Duvall (an accomplished actress) was reduced to a whimpering, sniveling extra. And, what's with the finger "redrum"?!? In the book... Tony lived in the back of his throat, not in his finger. About the only thing worth watching in this movie is Scatman, even though they changed his role quite dramatically from the book. This movie appears to have been made to show how insane Jack Nicholson can act, as he is really about the only thing featured in the movie. Those that rated it well, obviously never have touched the book. I have read people praise this movie over and over and I just don't get it. Where do I even begin??? Let's start with the hotel itself. Stephen King based the Overlook on the Stanley hotel. This hotel doesn't begin to compare with the majesty of the Stanely. It's just UGLY!!!Then there is that ridiculous hedge maze. It was supposed to be topiaries!!!! Wendy, Wendy, Wendy........ What can I say? I would have killed this mealy mouthed, butt ugly, whiny woman long before he did. She is supposed to be portrayed as a strong, vibrant, beautiful woman.And then there is Jack. I agree with another reviewer in that this man was insane long before the hotel got ahold of him. Jack was a man who struggled with his inner demons and looked at this job as an opportunity not only to write his play but to mend his family after his alcoholism had nearly destroyed it. There is no visible internal struggle shown in this movie whatsoever!!!! He rolls over and embraces the madness of the hotel with open arms. NOT SO MR. KUBRICK!!!!! There is deep inner turmoil going on inside this man who is fighting for his sanity and his family. All that is lost in this movie completely,Finally, all the little details that finished this movie off for me. The murdered little girls.....???? What the h-ll???? Where did that even come from? This boy talking with his finger? Jack freezing to death in that stupid maze??? Dick Hollorann dying?? I have only one question, why would any director take on a novel to movie project and the proceed to tear down EVERYTHING the very audience that its directed at loved about the book to begin with? Stanley Kubrick is one of the greatest directors of all time and his many movies are excellent, probably because he is perfectionist, despite this is a torture for the actors who worked with him. As I read, he had gotten Shelley Duvall act the same scene 87 times, then Duvall had a nervous breakdown. It seems impossible, but unfortunately, in spite of this effort (perfectionism) there is nothing except for Jack Nicholson. Everyone talks about the bicycle scene with amazement. Yes, it was interesting, but if we think about Kubrick's other movies, it is nothing. The script is seriously mediocre, the direction is a bit better than the script. For example, the development of the story is uninspiring. Nicholson enters the bar of the house and starts to talk to a man, but also he does not react at all as if everything is fine. What a bad idea to mention that the house is uncanny. You think to yourself like what is going on here? The idea of the man who comes a mansion with his wife and children, then he starts to go mad was not well adapted in other words. The movie is in contradiction with Kubrick's coherent direction style. The final was one of the most uninspiring finals of all times and a little bit ridiculous. The characters who sense the danger and try to help are nonsense and unnecessary. Those characters only serve to thrill us, but unnecessary. The child often looks gawkily, he gapes. Those moments are very silly and to me really annoying. The hatchet scene is the best (the only best) scene of the movie. I should count the bicycle scene, too which the child rides his bike through the corridors. Generally, in fact, always, nobody does something to the bad movies which loved and overrated, but The Shining was nominated for the worst director in Razzie awards. When I learned, you can't imagine how I cheered up. Stanley Kubrick was like the proverbial little girl with the curl...when he was good, he was very, very good, and when he was bad, he just *stunk*. This film, sadly, is one of the latter occasions.The book, a dark and frightening masterpiece, is hopelessly gutted and all the characters turned into caricatures by a director apparently obsessed with his own cleverness. The ending is inexplicably altered (one of the lynchpins of the original story being thereby removed), and we see none of the loving but dysfunctional relationship between the parents.Danny, the central character, doesn't have confusing internal visions - instead, he behaves as though he should be seeing a psychiatrist, talking to himself in an "exorcist"-like voice.Dick Halloran, who in the book is a major supporting character, becomes a token cameo.The scariest scenes in the book, so leisurely and haunting, are either removed entirely or changed into cheap and gaudy shocks.Nicholson is his typical over-the-edge self, and is horribly miscast as the conflicted semi-alcoholic father with a history of childhood abuse living who slowly becomes the abuser under the 'guidance' of the hotel. Shelley Duval's performance is flat, and gives no indication that she is slowly beginning to fear her husband.Do yourself a favor and just re-read the book one more time. The Shining has always been overlong, boring pretentious and very flawed. It was not "misunderstood" by its audience in 1980 or "ahead of it's time." Please think for yourselves!!! The movie was justifiably nominated for all those Razzies because it deserved them! Just because Kubrick directed doesnt mean it's automatically good! Jack is drunk with a limp- he really poses no threat! Walk past him, for chrissake Do not waste your time on this movie.  It is one of the best examples of a botched translation from print to screen ever.  It has been inexcusably "Kubrickized" to make it fit in more easily with the rest of Stanley Kubrick's body of work.Kubrick takes the basic idea from the book-- and I do mean the most absolutely basic outline of the story-- and changes it into something that is not even remotely scary. In the book, the Hotel itself is the fourth main character, slowly driving Jack Torrance insane.  In this utter waste of film, Jack was crazy when they got there, and the isolation from the outside world is what takes him over the edge.  In this bastardized version, there is no point in having Danny possessed of psychic powers, nor of making the Hotel itself haunted.  Those two points, which should be the two most important facts of the story, instead take a backseat to a very predictable, very generic story of an already unstable man finally snapping.Do yourself a favor, and instead of this absolute SIN of a film, watch the made-for-tv mini-series starring Steven Weber.  It is much more faithful to the book, and therefore a much better and well worked story. OK, full disclosure, I was a massive fan of Stephen King novels in the 70's, 80's and 90's, and read The Shining when it first came out. Sadly so much was changed between the novel and the movie, it tears the very beating heart out of the story and renders it meaningless. Even the Shining, as Halloran dubs their abilities, is swept under the rug and seems irrelevant in the film after which it is named. Other major changes from the novel, well it's hard to know where to start there are so many. Just about all of the back story around Jacks alcoholism is ignored. The history of the Overlook is all but ignored. All three main characters differ vastly from their literary counterparts, right down to their hair colour. The Topiary of animals becomes a maze, the roque court, a major element of the novel, just disappears. The pieces that do survive from the book just end up being confusing asides without the background. The casting is very poor, Nicholson comes across as maniacal right from the off and continues to over act his way through the entire film. Duvall seems completely out of place and Danny Torrance displays all the charisma of an empty paper bag. The jarring musical soundtrack is often irritating more than it is effective. I know this is a massively popular film, but for me it was a failure of epic proportions. After reading previews about this maybe being the scariest movie of all time, I was extremely disappointed at this laughable excuse for a horror movie. Jack really was a dull boy in this mis-hyped, miscast feature. Granted, King's novels don't always translate into good movies,but even his TV movies put this piece of trash to shame. Stephen King felt pretty happy about the adaptations of his first two books, Carrie being mirrored perfectly by Sissy Spacek in De Palma's 1976 classic and 'salem's Lot being fairly okay on TV in Tobe Hooper's 1979 adaptation.  However, when Stanley Kubrick, one of the biggest and most famous directors ever, chose to adapt King's masterpiece of horror and great storytelling, Stephen King became cautious about who he chose to adapt and direct (not to mention how they are adapted and directed)--and with good reason.  Virtually the only things in common between the book and the movie are as such: character names and roles, the title itself, and locations.  All similarities end right there.  Though fans of Kubrick welcomed this so-called "masterpiece" into their already-huge cult of Kubrick movies, fans of the far larger Stephen King world--even after only 3 books at the time--were severely disappointed.  How could this movie be created?  The characters' attitudes are far different than in the book (Jack Nicholson is an average schmo to start and immediately becomes grouchy, then kookie; Shelly Duvall is an eccentric wife that acts as if she has suffered many years of abuse; not to mention Danny Lloyd's ridiculously ignorant and indifferent and jaded attitude that quickly turns to psychotic episodes).  Very bad acting goes into it all (virtually the only case of good acting that shows real characterization, however shallow, is Scatman Crothers as Dick Halloran), and the directing is terrible.  Over 12 obvious mistakes occur in this movie, including a clear shadow from the helicopter view of the Rocky Mountains at the beginning as well as a bending baseball bat used by Shelly Duvall on Jack Nicholson in one of many ridiculous conflicts and multiple parts of the door from the famous "Here's Johnny!" scene disappearing in several following scenes.  And to top it all off, Stanley Kubrick was so convinced that this...rubbish...was such a good movie that he had a contract made so that any re-makes of the movie could not be released on video in the US.  Luckily in 1997 a far more faithful adaptation was made, but unfortunately Mr. Kubrick's legacy of no-US-video had the movie appear only once on commercial television, never to be seen again unless it is on the video available overseas from Amazon.co.uk.  This was a terrible scratch in the long film reel of cinema history, and hopefully will be mended & forgotten soon enough.  All in all and simply put: this movie sucked. --MetalHorror Worst film ever. Painful to watch! I would rather watch some MTV reality show. i saw this movie after looking at the response it got from the audience and an 8.5 rating at IMDb. But i am sorry to say that i was severely disappointed after spending two and a half hrs for it. The fails to provide any horrific experience and is nowhere near modern masterpieces of horror. The roles are not well justified in the storyline and kid's shining experience did not came into picture in the entire movie. A vague ending suppressed all the hopes for a breakthrough that was severely awaited in the entire movie. All in all a disastrous experience. There are thousands of horror movies in the world which i recommend horror fans over "The Shining" This movie does no justice whatsoever to the novel written by Stephen King. The acting, by all three of the main characters (Jack Nicholson, Shelley Duvall and Danny Lloyd) is sickening.   I mean, Wendy is supposed to be good-looking, and they cast Shelley Duvall?!?!  And Jack is supposed to be a nice guy - a good father and husband - at the beginning of the story, which makes for greater contrast when he goes ballistic at the end.  But Nicholson looks and acts psycho from the get-go, making it is no surprise when he actually does go crazy.  Considering King's novels are usually terrible (come on, a car that kills people named Christine?) "The Shining" was a haunting account of the hotel effects on the gradual demise of Jack's psyche.  And what's with Tony morphing into this friend that "lives in Doc's mouth"?  I suggest reading the actual book, or watching the 1997 mini series with Steven Weber and Rebecca De Mornay,which is true to the book and a much better movie.  Because this version of The Shining is pure crap. OK, I'm being deliberately over-harsh in the grade. Really, the movie probably deserves a three or four star rating. But it is my wont to skew low when I think a bad movie has vastly too high an overall rating. And this is indeed a bad movie.The problem here is that the story just doesn't make any sense. It didn't make any sense to me, and, after a lot of reading online, it appears it doesn't make sense to anyone. There's vastly differing opinions over just what was real or imaginary and just what was going on. And you know what I think? I don't think Kubrick himself had a clue. I don't think HE could tell you who unlocked the door. He clearly wasn't the tiniest bit interested in telling a coherent story, he just threw in whatever bits seemed cool. A flood of blood from the elevator? Sure, that's cool! Who cares if it makes no sense! A quick unrelated shot of two unknown people making love, one in a bear costume? Wow, that's weird, throw it in! To me, this whole who-cares-if-it-makes-sense approach constitutes inexcusably bad film-making.Seriously, by the time I saw the quasi-Twilight-Zone last shot, I had a clear revelation of what this movie reminded me of: The Planet of the Apes. No, not the great, original, Charlton Heston Planet of the Apes, the abortion that was the Tim Burton remake. But, more specifically, it reminded me of the experience of watching the DVD of that movie with Burton's commentary track on. Where he explicitly admits that he really had no idea what was going on with the ending. This seemed totally like what Kubrick was doing. The. Plot. Makes. No. Sense. I can see why King hated it.I've never read the book, but I've read a fair bit online about differences between the movie and the book, and it seems clear to me that the *book* *does* make sense. So I come away with the strong sense that what we have here is a movie that utterly butchered the book it was based on.One other thing I hated about the movie: the music. The music is just awful. I don't mean intrinsically, qua music. But it is SO heavy-handed. We CONSTANTLY have *overbearingly* suspenseful music-- even in scenes which aren't suspenseful at all. This is especially noticeable early in the film, before much of *anything* has happened yet. The music screams at you "Ooooo, this is a scary movie, so be scared!" whether something scary is happening or not. It frankly comes off as amateurish.Oh, and I would be remiss if I didn't mention that this film triggers a pet-peeve of mine, my least favorite movie device ever: the Pointlessly Cryptic Clue. In this case, it's "redrum". It makes NO sense. The kid has "the shining" (whatever, exactly, it may be) and therefore sees the future. That's why he has any clue at all. OK. So why is his clue *encrypted*???? Why is he yelling "redrum" instead of just "murder"???? Somebody give me some rational explanation of why it's backwards and requires a mirror to make sense of it. Pointlessly Cryptic Clue!It's a shame the movie is so bad, because the basic premise seemed very promising. The notion of being isolated and snowbound in a big old hotel and someone going nuts from cabin fever seemed really interesting. You know what movie *I'd* like to see? I'd love to see this movie if Hitchcock had made it. Then, there'd be no question of supernatural stuff, it would all be purely psychological. Then, the music wouldn't be overbearing from scene one, it would be happy and upbeat, to lull you into thinking that they're going to have a happy time at the beautiful, luxurious hotel, so that the degradation into insanity comes as a surprise, instead of being telegraphed from the outset. Hell, Hitchcock might even have thrown in a delightful twist; for instance, maybe while the father clearly shows signs of strain from cabin fever, it turns out that it's actually the *mother* who has quietly gone nuts and is the one who actually goes homicidal.Anyway, that's the movie I would really have liked to have seen. But I would have settled happily for a faithful, coherent adaptation of the original King book. I think Kubrick picked the wrong week to give up sniffing glue. Many King fans hate this because it departed from the book, but film is a different medium and books should change when they make the jump. That notwithstanding, the movie does fail completely, but it fails entirely on film terms. I'd like to smack the people who tell me it's the scariest movie ever made. I always follow up with the question "Really... exactly what scene scared you?" Every fan I've asked, goes silent. Occasionally someone, at a loss for a decent scare (There are none...), names the "Grape-juice-shooting-out-of-elevators" shtick. If you're afraid of that, I don't know what to tell you, except maybe that you're easily scared. I just rolled my eyes watching these z-grade horror ideas play out in this schlocky, incoherent movie.One place it diverts from the book and really is insipid is the tedious work the movie does to get Mr Halloran up to the Overlook only to kill him; with the dumbest member of the audience knowing that Jack is waiting behind one of the columns in the corridor that it takes Halloran FOREVER to walk down. Really one of the stupidest sequences ever put on film. Oh, and nice choice for Mr. Halloran's artwork Stanley! Black light afro-nymphomaniacs really add to the mood and character development of a horror movie. Has there ever been a more "off," out-of-place shot in any movie ever made?I consider it a miracle that I was eventually able to bypass this turd, and agree that Kubricks 2001 is a truly important film, given the immense 'bad will' generated by both this stupid, stupid movie, and the cult of fawning but inarticulate Kubrick fan-boys, who couldn't describe an idea at work in it with every film resource in the Library of Congress in front of them. Toss in the grotesque overacting of Jack Nicholson, the introduction of dumb one-liners at tense moments, and the Razzie nominated performance of Shelly Duvall and you have a very crappy movie. Having just seen the doco about Kubrick, and then taken the plunge with Eyes Wide Shut after being warned against it by everyone I know, I expected wonderful things from this film. After all, Jack Nicholson, One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest! This was gonna be amazing!JNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN! WRONG!Quite simply one of the worst films I've ever seen. The editing alone was a travesty. What amateur crud! Could this be the same mind that gave us Easy Rider, Dr Strangelove and 2001? Clearly our Stanley had a rather nasty turn prior to making this film, that or it ran way over budget and the studio employed some lacky fresh out of 'make your own home movies in 24 hours'to whack it together overnight. Then there's the music, the Bartok was perfect, but all the original synth stuff was absolute rubbish. I really think I must be missing something critical here - or was he trying to make a statement about how pathetic horror movies are, cos that rang out loud and clear.Well, look, if you want to see a plot that is full of holes, if you want to see the helicopter shadow in the overhead shots at the start and catch some awful, sad and pathetic acting from Shelly Duval and then be left wondering why Stan even bothered beating this dead horse of a C movie - sure, rush down to the movie store, I emplore you. Do it. Do it now.Seriously, I love Stan when he puts his heart into it, but I teach editing and I have people who come in with no knowledge cutting up better narratives in their first day just by letting them play with MS Movie Maker. That just makes me sad.I should also temper this with some context. 1. I can prove by simple logical argument that Stephen King is a hack, chiefly because he writes like a three year old. 2. I love being challenged and having something to think about. 3. Why oh why can't our Clairvoyant friend or his 'Shine' brother foresee his untimely and really badly played out, plot-killing, anitclimatic death? This has got to be the most stupid film I have ever seen (spoilers ahead)! First of all, the plot is stupid. The little kid is weird and they move to a hotel because his father is the caretaker of it. We find that the kid has a gift, the "Shining". This gift never ever has anything to do with anything except to make the kid seem cool. Then the movie gets more boring and boring until the man finally goes crazy. He goes on a rampage to kill the kid and his wife because... well, he feels like it. Why else would he do it? All of a sudden we see a naked woman in the tub. The man kisses her and realizes he is kissing a dead corpse, which is utterly disgusting. Somehow a black man enters the hotel and is whacked with an axe. Then the kid and the woman take the black man's vehicle and leave the father, who dies within minutes of hypothermia. Most movies aren't a complete waste of time, but this falls right into that category. The music is trashy, the characters are corny (except Jack Nicholson, who is a good actor), the plot is twisted and fits the description of vomit, the ending is very predictable, the storyline is slow, tedious, and boring. This movie is extremely overrated. AVOID THIS MOVIE AT ALL COSTS. I'm surprised it's gotten such a high rating on IMDb. About a minute into this film I squealed out of fear when they put the Annabelle doll into frame. I have a genuine fear of dolls like this. They freak me out. Therefore I was excited about this movie - I sincerely thought that there would finally be another movie out there that would manage to scare me (I have 3 in total so far). Sadly this is not the case. The movie was boring and predictable. The worst thing was that they have this terrifying creature-object-thing to make good use of and they failed miserably at using it. I'm genuinely disappointed at the reuse of the same old washed up horror storyline. How'd this script even get approved??! booo! I wish I wrote it so they could actually see what fear of a doll is haha. I have watched many many scary movies, some good some bad, none truly scary. Anyone who reviewed this film as scary or awesome obviously has not seen the film. This is a complete snore-fest, from start to finish. I saw perhaps 3 "jump out of seat" scenes where it was totally predictable on it and was yawning each time. The conjuring was a terrific film, and this one is just trying to score big bucks off that name with 1/4 the budget. I was left feeling angry and cheated. There was no depth, no character relation, no story-line, nothing to get you even remotely into the film, except "saw the previews, this is gonna be so good !" feeling you saw when you watched the previews and couldn't wait for this to come out. A complete letdown in all aspects except the fact it actually ended and I could go do something else. There was such huge potential for this movie to be scary. Extremely creepy looking doll, backstory from The Conjuring , an old house and a baby. But instead of a genuinely haunting movie, we were subjected to an insulting plot with ZERO scares. I am not exaggerating. There were zero scary parts in this. Lots of zooming in on the creepy doll's face. You expect something to happen at this point. The head to move, the mouth to open, the eyes to blink. But no, there was nothing. Just a slow zooming in shot of a stationary inanimate doll.Look at the movie's budget vs. profit and you'll see why the producers wanted to make this movie. It was simply a cash making exercise with no thought given to the plot.This should not be classed as a horror movie. I've seen Scooby Doo cartoons which were scarier than this. I had high hopes for this movie having liked The Conjuring but I was sadly disappointed. There were only 4 shock scares throughout the whole movie.It seemed to me the doll was not even possessed, just a demon who enjoyed playing with it. I actually noticed more bloopers then scares. I found the characters where just thrown together with no development and outside characters made no sense as to why they were even in the movie since they added nothing. I believe that this movie would have been best served going strait to DVD instead of being offered in movie theaters. For the lack of any attempt to develop the characters or even attempt to make the doll demon possessed(IE moving around on its own, glowing eyes) The one time they actually showed the doll moving by it's self was portrayed as a demon holding it. Overall it was a major disappointment. Definitely not a must see move of 2014. OK, first of all I decided to make an IMDb account just to write a review about how crap this movie was. I cannot believe how poor this movie was it made me so angry and irritated me, the acting was horrible.the characters were just not very convincing I was not scared through this movie, I kept watching it hoping that it's going to get better but it didn't. The conjuring was so much better the acting the plot was so much better. Do not even waste your time watching this movie Annabelle because you will only be disappointed overall I'm giving this movie a 0 out of 10. I just wasted like a hour and half of my life watching this movie. Through the whole movie Annabel doesn't even seem to move at least in the chuckie movies you saw chuckie walking, talking etc. and then what tripped me out is why the hell would the lady mia go down to put something in storage and leave her baby in the apartment upstairs alone knowing that theirs an evil presence all around the house that is after her and the baby. ALSO! the scene were she drops her keys and the stroller goes rolling in the street and once the stroller gets hit she all of a sudden has her baby in her hand.... so many scenes were this movie just did not have any common sense. They could of had a better director do this movie because this movie was a waste of time I'm glad I watched it online through a website that was free rather then going to go spend my money this weekend to watch the film in theaters. this movie was awful and that's just my honest opinion. I have disliked a majority of movies I watch, but not badly enough that I'm urged to write a review on it. This movie, however, irked me so badly that I feel the need. Let's start off by saying that the title of this movie is 'Annabelle', correct? Yep. So where is this doll the entire movie? Nowhere. That's right, this is where the plot falls apart and everything goes downhill from there. The doll is hardly in the movie at all. She moves a total of maybe two times (excluding the 'climax' of this movie in which she is overused). I had a very hard time finishing this over-hyped example of trying too hard to be original. The beginning is too slow and it doesn't get to the point until the movie is just about over as well. By the end of the movie, I just wanted it to end and was happy that they at least hadn't killed off the bookstore owner... and then there is yet another attempt at being original and failing miserably. This lady (who, by the way, had nothing to do with any of this) plummets to her death out the apartment window and gives her soul to a demon. It was this part that enraged me the most for the mere idea of killing a good character off when there was no reason to and another ending could have been made (because the director clearly wasn't actually making Annabelle off of the true story) is barbaric and uncalled for. I am disturbed with the outcome of this movie and, quite frankly, I didn't even want to award it one star, but there was no option lower, so I will state it here.0/10 stars This movie was just, ugh, AWFUL!!!!!!!!! I expected this movie to have the same formula as The Conjuring had. Scare people with suspense not with some cheesy CGI cast off from Insidious. If you took the demon from Insidious, cut off its tail, then you would have the demon in Annabelle. The story is supposed to be about ANNABELLE!!!!!!! not some stupid stereotype American family. The story SHOULD of been about the little girl Annabelle that was in the first 5 MINUTES OF THE MOVIE!!!!! If you watch the first 5 minutes then leave, you have the story of ANNABELLE!!!! If you want to watch the rest of it, be prepared, you barely seen Annabelle do anything. All she does is sit there and do nothing.Everyone scene is predictable, and when you think you will see something, you do, so it takes away all suspense of the film. The Conjuring knew that to scare people you have to make them think they will see something and then DON'T SHOW THEM SOMETHING!!!!!! That is the key, if we anticipate seeing something we will scare ourselves more. Blair Witch Project, Halloween, Jason, Nightmare on Elm Street, The Conjuring all knew this. Scaring people isn't hard to do with a horror movie, but when you feed it to us like were 2 years old, it isn't scary, it is repetitive and boring.A sad example of a sequel. Directors and Producers, you disappoint me. Only cool thing I found in the movie was the fact Mia's real name is Annabelle, which I think was a fun twist to the story haha! Other then that, it was a waste of $10 dollars. Seriously, the Young couple look like Barbie and Ken dolls. He's handsome and boring and she's pretty and boring. And so is this so called horror movie.Apart from the movie itself, being boring and predictable, the couple act moronically throughout the movie.1: why would anybody want a creepy doll like Annabell in the first place? 2: after they move to an apartment after the first hauntings, the doll is in a moving-box even though Ken threw it away. And Barbie is not freaked out by this at all and decides to keep the doll?? 3: after Barbie and Ken and the cliché-priest finds out that the doll is possessed by a demon, they don't destroy the doll, which would probably destroy the demon as well. No Barbie throws it around and yells at it. And the priest takes the doll with him to his church where he is almost killed by the demon.4: as for the exercising couple that is not even in the movie, they're boring as well. And a franchise about that couple seems like a really bad idea.5: the exercising couple keep the doll in a glass box to keep the demon trapped. Again, destroy the doll and destroy the demon.6: why did this movie get an R-rating? There is no blood in it, no nudity, no swearing.Apart from a few creepy scenes and only one good scare, this movie isn't worth watching. If you like horror movies with dolls and those movies certainly can be creepy, I recommend Dead Silence. Directed by James Wan that produced this garbage. One of the least interesting horror movies I've watched! I'm not even comparing this to "The Conjuring"!Weak story line, pathetic acting combined with inexperience of the filmmaker make this a complete time-waste !Where do you even find such actors ! It's a shame to call the actors ! The female lead is horrible when it comes to performance! She is just a good looking model ! Nothing more ! I'm surprised, how did she even land up with this role! Maybe through a godfather in industry !Such an important and impressive theme, and she makes a mockery of all of it! They have better actors and and a better story in porn movies ! Just came back from the cinema AND this is so far the worst horror movie i'v seen i mean it started all good a nice story developed BUT as it was going on it was getting worse and worse it was getting such amateur low budget movie the story got all ruined and all the sound effects were trying to "scare" us but nothing special happened........very disappointed such a good story just done wrong.It is a perfect horror story but it was just so bad that i just wanted to leave the cinema early. i am not recommending this movie.all of you horror junkies will be disappointed after watching this one it's a new 2014 movie but done very very bad. Having the doll do absolutely nothing must have saved them a LOT of money. There are so many close ups and camera panning towards the doll and all that to see her do a big NOTHING! After the third time panning towards her face, there should be a running bet. Maybe she will blink, or sneer or maybe do the Macarena. Really, I would like that because the Macarena scares the *beep* out of me. Old people swinging their hips, that's like inviting death to dance with you.Then they throw a generic looking demon with a very familiar face and horns. I could have sworn I've seen that demonic face somewhere. What's that movie starring Harry Potter but with horns? And guess what, he's moving the doll all over. That IS a spoiler that shows how the doll is able to levitate. The movie just gave us a spoiler, can we sue them???? So if there is a sequel and the doll starts floating around and doing the backstroke, there must be a stage guy there doing the work, just dress him up as a demon so he will look like part of the movie, right?And the actors were not able to save the movie even if they wanted to. Wooden acting, blank facial expressions. We have cookie cutter Ken and Barbie in a perfect life, and what's more perfect when they meet the first stranger in the movie who became a friend and this NEW friend is willing to sacrifice her life for the white Barbie because she feels guilty about her own daughter's death. Oh yeah the stranger-turned friend-turned willing sacrifice-turned soul now belonged to the devil is black, so check that list. And there ain't gonna be any mother daughter reunion there you know, it's a totally different zip code. I'm sure wherever the daughter is, she's shaking her head thinking 'That's not what I meant you are supposed to do Mom. You could pray more for my soul, that would actually help and do some charity work or something. NOT give your bloody soul to the devil!"Back to Ken and Barbie, could you act a little bit more distraught when you thought your baby is lying dead on the floor instead of smothering him in your chest possibly killing him in the process? Shouldn't the first thing you do is check his pulse, give CPR and then maybe at the same time realize that you are french kissing a freaking doll? And Ken! You have perfect hair, the perfect job and I love a doctor who spent his time sleeping beside a patient's bed. And who didn't think that Ken and Barbie had the WORST reaction time in history? Did you count how many seconds it took for any of them to react when they hear something? How many seconds did it take for Ken to stop and think and think again when he hears his wife scream? Can someone take his soul please? Oh wait, he would take too long at the window to jump. Probably couldn't figure out if he should land on the front or back, which would be prettier? Barbie didn't disappoint at the window scene. She took long enough for black stranger to form a crazy idea in her head. Barbie is probably hoping for that. Let the stranger-turned friend-turned willing sacrifice do the jump. Maybe Barbie is smarter than we realize.Overall, not worth to be included in any horror list. Best buried and forgotten or in Hollywood terms, rebooted.PS. They started the movie interviewing the 2 girls who had the doll. Shouldn't the movie be about them? ANNABELLE (2014) * Annabelle Wasllis, Ward Horton, Tony Amendola, Alfre Woodard, Kerry O'Malley, Brian Howe, Eric Ladin. Very disappointing prequel to THE CONJURING giving the origin story of the titular possessed doll which depicts vanilla bland couple Wallis and Horton beginning their lives together with a baby on the way leading to echoes of ROSEMARY's BABY and an overactive sound track. Woodard actually looks beyond bored in a quick paycheck as the owner of a bookstore that specializes in the supernatural (and has a personal risk at stake).While cinematographer-turned-director John R. Leonetti takes the reins for the first time as helmsman from producer James Wan, the rote storyline by Gary Dauberman fails to keep a decent scare ratio nor a sizable body count as anticipated. Better off watching CHILD's PLAY or a true creep fest like "The Dummy" from THE TWILIGHT ZONE. One genuine jolt does not make a sufficient thriller by any means. I don't think horror is the actual genre for this movie it should be drama,romance,mystery .....conjuring was far more better than annabelle total waste of time... Demons searching for soul and all ain't horror. All the horror part was used in the trailer ..nothing was left for movie....first half was full of drama...nothing interesting Also people say this is the prequel of THE CONJURING I didn't get a connection to that because the doll was shown at the house of the couple at the end of the movie and had no link whatsoever with haunted house ....had high expectations was disappointed .....should have opted foe a sequel that would have been interesting ...something dealing with haunted house or possessed person ....... I'm a fan and I saw almost all types of horrors which were released until now.It's a pity that I got fulled by the trailer in which it was referenced "The conjuring" movie in which was said that before conjuring was Annabelle.No way there is no way that this movie can be compared with "The conjuring" The actors are bad , the special effects are also bad , the action takes place in an old period , which is not even specified by the scenaristI can say that I saw also a lot of bad movies until now but this is on top I wouldn't recommend it to horror movie fans This is a waste of time I was not able to watch it until end .This is how "great" it is :) I was seeing a girl at the time who loves horror movies and she wanted to go see this movie at the cinema. Not being a big fan of horror movies i wasn't too excited about it. I love movies like The Thing and the original Fright NIght but i knew Annabelle would be garbage, i mean just look at it.A guy buys his doll collecting wife a doll which looks like a creepy horror movie doll and she never comments on how gross it looks, she's delighted like "Oh my god thanks i love you!" it's so ridiculous and unintentionally funny. Soon after that scary things start happening to them.
The wife is a typical dumb horror movie character and much of the movie consists of scenes of her alone in the house hearing a noise and then going to check it out only to be frightened by a jump scare (The lights in the house don't work because of course they don't). This happens multiple times throughout the movie. There is one legit creepy scene involving a demon in a dark room but other than that it's pretty pointless and bad.This is typical B horror trash which is cheap to make but for whatever reason people flock to see it in the cinema so it makes a ton of money.
Because this was cheap to make and it made money there's now sequels.
Buy a sandwich instead. Annabelle is a downright insulting horror film from the word "go." Well, maybe that's not true. It does have a great prologue where a crazy woman terrorizes a boring suburban couple and ends up possessing their already creepy doll. The rest of the movie feels like Rosemary's Baby-lite, but far less effective. Alfre Woodard shows up to collect a paycheck and her final exit from the film is one of the most ridiculous, borderline offensive things I've ever seen.The good news is - it could only go up from here and the film's sequel/prequel isn't half bad. Figured this would be just like The Conjuring, another TV-14 movie put on the big screen with a slap of rated R on it. The Conjuring was so boring until last 5 minutes, and still was nothing much at the end. Now this one considered sequel (prequel), which is not any better at all. Boring doll that doesn't move until the end. Wow, do the directors know what scary is, and the rating committee. It seems like they hired a teenager to give should of been PG-13 movies a rated R rating, and say it is the scariest movie of the year award.I think they need to rehire the MPAA. They have no clue what a rated R movie is anymore. What's next NC-17 as a rated R movie, like rated R movies are starting to be like PG-13 ones? Seriously, this is getting pathetic. I thought James Wan's movies were getting bad, but this is bad as James Wan's. Well, if you enjoy boring and not scary movies or think PG-13 movies are scary then this one is for you.I can't stand falsified ratings any more. Saying something is Unrated and its actually like rated R, and R like its PG-13 is sad and pathetic, and needs fixing badly. Were losing the good gore that is better than this boring no swearing, no nudity, no scares horror movies like these.I am not watching The Conjuring 2, because the first one was so bad I could of fell asleep, but I just sat there the whole movie saying when is it going to start? Never did until last 5 minutes, and same with this movie.I just can't say enough of how bad this and The Conjuring was bad. If they showed these on Television like the other horror movies that get things cut out to not be shown, these two would not have anything cut out. It would be the whole thing shown, because there is nothing to cut out that is bad enough to even bother anyone.Like I said its like watching TV-14 movie on the big screen. I hated this film. Annabelle Wallis can not act to save her life and  should retire from the film industry immediately. Could you of acted  any more pathetic and wooden love? I guess as long as your good looks  gets you film roles you've got a good thing going haven't you, and the  fact you're the niece of Richard Harris. Nepotism is alive and well in  the industry.  Onto the film-utter garbage. "Call an ambulance". Yeh, don't tell her  to call the 'cops', you've only just gone round your neighbours and the  guy has only just stabbed his wife.   I can't even be bothered to fully critique this film, it just doesn't  deserve it. It is so utterly predictable and infuriating to watch. It  doesn't deserve anyones time, let alone money. It is pure drivel from  start to finish.  This is a cash in film made for...you guessed it, stealing your money  and patience.  Don't believe me? Go right ahead and watch this sad excuse of a film  and tell me how you feel afterwards. *sighs* Just when you thought they were going in a positive direction in horror movies after The Conjuring. This. Is a biiiiiiiig step backwards. James Wan and Leigh Whannel's involvement in this flick was limited to only as producers rather than screenwriters and directors as they did The Conjuring. Yeah, you can see the problem can you?So, the story. A wife and husband are living in a house and the wife is pregnant and is only days away from giving birth. Suddenly, the wife is attacked by crazy people who are part of a cult that are influenced by an evil force. An evil force that seems to be coming from—you guessed it, Annabelle the doll. The mother then gives birth to their baby and as the doll stays with the family, more and more supernatural incidents occur.Oh man, where do I begin with this? First of all, that's not even what the doll looks like in real life. Google it and see what how inaccurate it is. And the biggest problem of all? These jump scares are SO clichéd and so predictable, it is nowhere near entertaining in the least. The characters aren't even that interesting or not event that intelligent. I know people have to be stupid in horror flicks, but they are so dim-witted, you can't get behind them. ESPECIALLY the husband. Oh GOD, he is so absent minded, you just want to smack the hell out of him and yell "GET A CLUE!". And the design of the doll is so over exaggerated, it comes off as corny. And that's another problem: They place the doll next to the crib of the baby and seeing how (unnecessarily, mind you) creepy enough as it looks, why would they place it next to their child?! No normal functioning person would find this doll charming or cute! That thing is nightmare fuel! And on another note, the writing is awful. REALLY awful. There's one scene where the wife just randomly says out loud what's going on. Like, "oh no! There's got to be another way! I have to find another way!". What, is she narrating a comic book?!The film falls really hard because unlike The Conjuring, where they heavily relied on atmosphere to build up the suspense until the scare itself in a clever way, they just throw in jump scares in your face over and over. And they're SO repetitive. It's one of those scares when it's a fake-out and then five seconds later, BAM it happens. Tired of it? Don't worry, there's like 50 others to sit through.Ugh. So yeah, this is just another horror movie with nothing to offer, nothing to be entertained by and nothing to remember. The characters are idiots, the script is clumsily written, the scares are mundane, and the plot is clichéd to the bone. You want a good scare? Read the actual stories behind Annabelle. They are actually really eerie. So, if you're looking for creativity and scary fun, skip it and be more afraid of Barbie dolls. After watching this low budget movie i felt i had been ripped off by the dollars I've paid to watch this. Not only is it boring, the protagonist acting is sooo 'wooden' more wooden than the ugly hideous Annabelle doll. There are sooo many loopholes, and i am wondering why the couple just don't burn the doll and dance around the bonfire. There were too many occasions in which Mia failed to look after Leah as one would expect a terrified mother to do. The main character has no expressions of fear and why did she decide to keep the doll after it was found at the bottom of the box in her new place? overall silly and lousy show. Please give me my money back. It was a very disappointing experience.. I went to the cinema (haven't gone there for a long time) and I was very excited to see Annabelle after seeing The Conjuring. The movie lacks a consistent story or script. The only thing that could scare you are the sounds, nothing more. I like to watch a good scary movie with a nice, or at least plausible or appealing story. The story behind this doll and all that demons' stuff does not make sense even for a terror movie.Fell really short of expectations.. I am still thinking about the time and money spent on this whole movie experience If you haven't already seen the movie "Annabelle" please do not go! I knew better than to open my mind to such a movie, but for the thrill of a scare I went last night. This movie is extremely sacrilegious. It saddens me to know that millions of people who may not realize it are being deceived. God warns us of false prophets be careful the media has a lot of subliminal messages out there. For instance in the movie...Evil triumphs over good...a priest claims he does not know what to do to help a family (this insults the power of God)...but the problem ends up being solved by a woman who sacrifices her soul to the devil...after doing so the movie starts quoting scripture from the bible to say that this is the ultimate sacrifice and that Jesus demonstrates this by sacrificing his life on the cross....I'm sorry but that is trickery, you do not win by sacrificing your soul to devil...he wins and that's what he wants. and Jesus did not sacrifice his soul to the devil either.. DUH! and yes I probably just spoiled the movie for some out there but to me I could not just sit here and be quiet about this. This is disturbing how scripture was twisted to make people think that losing your soul to the devil is a way to win over evil...I'm sickened. ALSO If you have not paid attention to several movies that have released in the past couple of years, the time is now to start looking into it deeper. Movies such as the hunger games, the purge, the purge 2, Annabelle, the conjuring, and a new one about the Quija board coming out...These movies are the devils way of desensitizing the population to pure evil. It's normal and entertaining now to see murder, demons..just evil. To me hunger games (yes it's a fantastic movie) but it's a clear warning of what is to come...(The chip implanted in their arms, a rich wealthy controlling govt., with people who have nothing, made to fight and to sacrifice innocent lives of children). The Purge, pay ATTENTION...the flowers they put in their yards that they support the purge but do not wish to participate..sound familiar (the passover, blood over the doorways) Also a higher twisted Govt. in behind all of the evil doings, the poor people being killed off first. Not only that this movie subliminally plants the seed that people may not realize...Most of the people in the Purge 2 that suffer are African American, Most of the people purging(killing) are white...This instills racism in people. Fighting amongst races is not what God intends for us. But seeing enough of this subliminally will corrupt the mind whether you want it to or not. And for that reason it is important to know what not to subject yourself to. If people are too caught up on fighting amongst each other and not coming together then we become blinded and miss the bigger picture...and lets face it we can't afford to do that. As far as the conjuring, Annabelle, Ouija...these movies promote exactly what they are about...Summoning spirits, demons etc. It frightens me that this has become entertainment. It's dangerous, it's not fun and games...It is real, God is real, the devil/demons are real. If you entertain it, act upon it, you will get what you are looking for and that just might be the lose of an eternal life that God promises us. I'm sorry this is so long but I had to take a minute to rant a little. People wake up! The whole movie created with a single idea, and for this you don't need 1 hour 30 mins of time.
Seriously boring to watch. Pros:
1. The wide shots create good tension as it gives the viewer a lot to focus on thus keeping you on your toes.
2. The sound-mixing is decent and it does its best to induce suspense and horror.Cons:
1. The score is overbearing and it tries to force tension but it ends up being highly annoying.
2. The Demonic Figure's (Joseph Bishara) existence adds nothing to the story and is nonsensical.
3. The jump-scares are poorly placed and executed.
4. Mia (Annabelle Wallis) decides to get rid of the Annabelle doll at the old house because of the cult murder it was linked to, but then she randomly retracts her ill-feelings towards the doll in the new house with little to no explanation.
5. The plot is highly repetitive as nothing of any worth happens and is inundated with cheap lazy scares.
6. The character of John (Ward Horton) is barely fleshed out and he could have been killed off early into the film as he does virtually nothing. And the character of Evelyn (Alfre Woodard) is clearly just inserted to pseudo-intellectually waffle on about spirits, and to make sure none of the main characters die.
7. The editing is over-the-top at times with the lighting flashing in a haywire manner, or with slow-motion needlessly thrown in.
8. The dialogue is often clunky, especially when it tries to desperately sound ominous and scary.
9. Annabelle Wallis' performance ranges from distractingly underwhelming, to obnoxiously overwhelming. 