The other day some friends told me they didn't watch horror movie because every one of them was cheesy and predictable. At the time I wasn't exactly sure what they were watching to make them think that, but now I know: A Nightmare on Elm Street. I don't care if it's a classic, it's still one of the single worst movies I've ever seen in my life. I don't understand how this is by the same man who wrote The Last House on the Left, which was superior in every way imaginable.To call this movie cheesy is an understatement. From opening to closing the acting is some of the unintentionally funny I've seen in a horror movie eversome of the melodramatic lines I'm sure Wes Craven had to have laughed at when he wrote them, I'm sure.The entire movie plays out like something made-for-TV on Cartoon Network, and they actually show this movie on that station around Halloween. There is nothing even remotely dark or serious about this movie because it's written with the simplicity and corniness of a children's film. The actors themselves don't even look old enough to be teenagers. Minus the cliché, comical bedroom scene near the end, the movie has no more blood than a kid's movie. I really cannot think of ANYTHING in this movie that would be aimed at adults or older teensA Nightmare on Elm Street is a children's movie through and through.The story itself is throw-away and lacks any creativity whatsoever. A guy kills in your dreams. Other than that, every single factor of A Nightmare on Elm Street uses clichés that were around long before it. A secondary character dies off, the main character goes on a quest to kill the killer, the main character goes to school and almost is killed, the main character does research and finds an urban legend (or the equivalent) on how to kill the supernatural killer, her plan succeeds, and the last few minutes show a reversal of expectations. Anyone remember how many times they've seen that exact plot before? If I were to list the movies on the top of my head with that same plot it would take at least two pages. Those of you who claim this is a superior slasher because it's "original" do not know what original means.Freddy is the single thing that even kept me watching this movie. His character is a tired clichéexactly like Pennywise and Billy and the Joker and every other villainbut his actual design is at least a little different. He's essentially Mr. Rodgers with a burnt face and knives for fingers, but that is more original than you're going to get in most slashers. It's sad to see him in such a lame movie.The only reason I didn't turn A Nightmare on Elm Street off and go to bed is because every "hardcore horror fan must watch it" and I did. But I saw nothing different than every other cheese-horror movie ever made. I hope the remake is better. And has less clothing with primary colors.1/10 (Please note that this review may contain spoilers)Believe it or not, this movie is just pure crap. But, this movie could have been something, if it had a good script, and good acting. In fact the script is one of the main problems in this film, its just got some really, really bad lines in it like:****SPOILERS*****"Dont worry Nancy, Freddy can't get you because Mommy killed him" Like I mean what kind of a line is that???? I reckon this movie was actually a good idea, that just been done appallingly, it should have been much, much better, because the idea behind it was so good.Verdict: A great Idea, just pulled of appallingly, however, some bits in the beginning are worth a look.3/10 Yes back in early 80's when I was young this was scary. But fast forward to 2019 and being over 40, this is garbage! When I see bad movies, I generally don't bother to write a review or formal comment. However, the ridicule that I have witnessed when watching this pathetic piece of crap induced an unforgiving inclination to tell the rest of the world how it is. Generally speaking, this is one of the worst "horror" films I have seen to date, not that I don't normally watch horror, or that things tend to scare me easily, but that the many features that distinguish films from the good and bad stand out so distinctly to be either unfulfilled or disgraced that it passes a new negative threshold when it comes to how low my opinions can reach.The main aspect of this film that makes it so unforgivingly poor is the story itself. I'm going to own up and confess that I only watched half the film; but that was enough for me to render it completely awful. I didn't have a speckle if interest in what the ending was, let alone what would happen in the second half of the film. This is furthermore worsened by excruciatingly bad acting. Action so disgraceful I remember putting up a better performance in my Primary School JungleBook Play.Then arrives the main purpose and genre of the film. Horror? Horror my ass. I would flag this film as comical more than scary. The only I can remember that induced the genuine feeling of suspense and horror was the bath tub scene, with the finger nails slowly floating upwards. Apart from that, there are merely scenes of screams and the terribly UN-horrific laughter of this strongly wrinkled cowboy mad guy with knives attached to his fingers.This film is pathetic at best. I would suggest strongly against wasting what could be such valuable time. Decide wisely and watch real "horror" like The Exorcist, The Omen and The Mist instead. I may be new to the horror movie genre but it's my understanding that horror movies are supposed to be...you know...scary right? They're meant to leave you cowering behind a pillow, behind your sofa, gripping your friends or whoever you're watching it with like a boa constrictor, afraid to turn lights off and reluctant to go to a farm or a castle or in this movie's case reluctant to fall asleep. "Nightmare on Elm Street" is meant to do all that and is applauded as a horror classic...problem was I wasn't scared once! I knew of it from a young age and vowed never to watch it because of the plot and my over active imagination but I sat and watched it with a former girlfriend still worried about the aftermath of watching it (made worse by her saying "you'll p*** yourself with terror"). However not once was I terrified, shocked or left cowering behind her or anything near me, in fact by the time the credits rolled I was sat with a confused scowl on my face wondering how it was considered a classic I'll probably never fully understand why either To me, this movie is one of those that is over-hyped to the point that when you eventually watch it, you're left puzzled and somewhat underwhelmed by it, others may well enjoy it and have memories of it but I did not enjoy it at all This movie was one of my least favorites thus far. Not only was acting poor, and special effects laughable, but overall, film was pretty atrocious. The universal concept that our dreams can haunt (and in Nancy's case, harm) us itself is fantastic. However, the delivery is less than acceptable.The first fifteen minutes were the scariest, simply due to chaos, confusion, and the setting. After that, it becomes more comedic than anything else. I will admit that while the movie itself was less than frightening, its after-taste is simply creepy. I mean, the fact is that this girl was being hunted out of revenge, and her every move is stalked by this shadow of a man.I have plenty of qualms with the movie, but the following is definitely number one. I've yet to see the remake, the prequel, or the sequel, so I'm just wondering who Freddy is. I don't think that it's enough to say; "Oh, Fred Krueger was a child murderer so we 'offed' him." No. There are plenty of scumbags in every neighborhood who deserve death time and time again, but we, ordinary citizens almost never intervene. Did Freddy commit an atrocity that hit close to home? It also wasn't very clear when Freddy was actually murdered. Yes, Nancy's mother was involved in the killing along with some other renegades, but how much time has passed? Were they themselves children, or was this some sort of PTA rally? Either way, it's these crucial details that make the story actually come to life. Without them, I honestly have a difficult time focusing, so this movie distracted me in that sense.Now, onto the special effects; honestly, they weren't nearly as terrible as I had planned. While none of them were realistic by any means, they were this surreal kind of creepy that I thought was done very well. I'm actually curious about the geyser of blood. How did they create such an optical illusion? I mean, maybe they had a blender-esque machine forcibly shooting the gunk into the air, but I just don't know. I thought that special effect was really well done. Then again, I've been known to watch television shows from the sixties, so my perspective is a little different than the average teenage kid.All in all, I will not waste money or time on the sequels. I have been more frightened watching Saturday Night Live. There was nothing scary about it. It was too juvenile to be a fright movie. Teens might like it, if they are very immature. I watched this film due to the hype, only to discover it was so boring.
So little action, so much talking, endless pointless scenes and dreams.
As for Freddie he's great, but why on earth is he only in the film for like 10 minutes? So longwinded, a snore fest. Some good moments, but so dull for the most parts. Besides Johnny Depp, and even he wasn't so great with his lack of time, this was the worst horror movie imaginable. Freddy Krueger was a friggen clown and a putz. The main character was the worst actress since the back-up extra from my 7th grade school play. The whole movie was a joke, especially the visible mattress when Freddy fell over the stair rail...I mean, they didn't even try to hide it. The entire plot was absurd, I never felt the slightest tint of fear, and I mostly wanted to barf at the close-ups on the girl's face. The only part of this movie I enjoyed was the bath tub scene, and only because I'm an 18 year old kid without a girlfriend. I p*** on this movie, Wes Craven, and especially the casting director for tying Johnny Depp's great name to such a horrible film! I have seen the golden hour's light bathe shoppers in a grocery store, what wealth and given so freely, seemingly without consciousness. This movie is a piece of sh*t, just like all the other ones. If you can love these movies then by all means do so, just don't do it around me if you please. No, for me, I like my horror movies to be great, y'know, like worth seeing. The fans of this movie and its ilk are lucky lucky people. This movie and its franchised-horror-movie kin are able to give to them something that I can never have. Whatever it is this movie gives me, it cannot match the time I lose seeing it. It is an unequal exchange and I want back whatever it is that I have lost. So uh SOME BIG DUMB DUMB WRITER DECIDED TO KILL JOHHNY DEPP. YOU DONT KILL THE DEPP MAN THE DEPP MAN KILLS YOU.
sooooo this movie actually 0/10 but BIG DUMB DUMB IMBD WONT LET YOU RATE 0/10 I rate imbd -563245/10. Thank you -Sincereerly kOOLKIDGAMINGREVIEWS This movie was terrible. I know in 1984 it was a cultural staple, but if you are considering re-watching it or viewing it for the first time, just don't. The acting is terrible, none of the characters deliver their lines with appropriate emotion. The costume design was even worse except for the one moment when Freddie cut open his stomach and organs oozed out. Nancy's parents are awful, I wished the had died in all honesty. Truly, all I can say about this movie is that it wasted 93 minutes of my life. That being said, it was still better than The Shape of Water. I may not have grown up with the legend of La Llorona, but I grew up with a healthy respect for superstitions and things that cannot be explained. In a number of Latinx communities, some of us give our children a piece of jewelry or amulet to ward off the evil eye. Mine is a bracelet of black and red beads that my mother bought. Even if you're not a true believer of such curses, it's preferable to be safe than sorry. The Haters and bad Reviewers always have issues with understanding any film. Do not believe what they say they are lying through their teeth with their stupid reviews.This film was unspeakably terrifying, I dont get scared easily but this one will terrify you from start to finish. It is haunting, dark.Masterpiece in the making a great cast, phenomenal directing and absolutely magnificent performances by all cast.A truly edge of your seat Horror that will leave you breathless. She is so terrifying and she is coming for you. An outstanding 10/10 Very good this horror movie. i recommed this to you.. This movie was soooooo good! Totally scary and I would of been bummed out if I didn't see it in Theaters. If you like scary movies GO! Just as good as Conjuring! Based on the legendary "La Llorona". This movie is by far the best horror film. No other horror films have given me goose bumps, made me jump or the need for taking deep breaths throughout the entire movie like this one! We are a family lover big on horror films and everyone loved it. This is BEST by far, beating the Conjuring, Annabelle, Insidious, the Nun etc...Most horror films feature their scary parts during the night time but La Llorona is day and night settings. This is a MUST SEE!! It was a very good movie. Suspenseful from beginning to end. A lot of scenes that made me jump. Great cast. Enjoyed it very much! After a long time James Wan has done a great job on this movie,it's a must watch for horror movie fans. Great story and very creepy. Love James Wan movies! 'Haunting'
A really good horror movie after the conjuring universe Love this one....kinda spookie, kinda thriller......watch in Atmos dolby soundsystem...really scary....make you feel the touch of the ghost....scary....when she grab your wrinkle .....Ooucchh scary......don't watch it alone...... Good Scare , good acting and good photography for a horror movie ! I would say 1 of the best horror movie. Simply awesome When I watched this movie , I felt that I was watching the nun movie , Annabelle etc.
Horror and good movie 8/10 Just watched the movie..let me tell you after so many long time i watched a perfect horror movie..so much spooky scenes..a bunch of jump scares scenes..just loved it.. thoroughly enjoyed..👍👍👍👍 The movie is excellent it will keep you at edge of the seat in every minute no lag,no boring dialogues......overall a quality film... Really awesome experience must watch it... thriller movie fans ah neenga please go and watch........... I love horror movies and very critical of the bad ones
but this one had it all
the music
the story
the surprise element
the directing was extraordinary
we were on the edge of our seats
I mean, i have no idea what others talking about
but this should be considered on of the greatest horror movies ever madr. I don't get it why people gave it bad reviews, as a Mex and not being scared by this folktale (my fam never passed on that "cursi" folktale since it isn't true) I have to say I MIGHT NOT SLEEP TONIGHT. 😂😂😂 my question on this whole process on watching this movie is WHY I'm the world are parents taking their 5 year olds and babies to the theater to watch it...omg wtf is wrong with them. I left my little one with Dad but took my teenager and HE was even scarred. It's rated R, omg. I feel they used the same house as that movie Hereditary from the inside...little spoiler alert.......>>>>> attic scene. Any who I think this deserves higher ratings. I liked it and I really love it. So scary, terrifying, shocking, and haunting. Very great horror movie! LOVE THIS MOVIE! Ahhhhhh. I can not believe it only got 6 out of 10. It is so scary. It is one of the scariest movie I have seen. It is scarier then The Exorcist. If it does not scary you no movie will. I have really enjoyed the conjuring series of films, but this film kept me on the edge of my seat. Some great scary and tense moments even my partner Lisa spent most of the film looking through her fingers and she loves a great horror story.Would highly recommend if you want to raise your heartbeat lol Great story, plenty of scares and tension. It's so rare to get good scary films today that do not resort to violence or murder. As part of the Conjuring Series, I was very happy with this movie. I would have seen this in the theater. I love the reference to Annabelle and how they used the same actor for the priest. The little boy was smart which was a nice change from your typical "stupid characters" from other horror films. Very enjoyable. I love this film, I'm not sure why it has such bad reviews, the storyline is great, the acting is great through and through a great film So, you might be wondering how exactly this movie fits into The Conjuring Universe timeline.The Curse of La Llorona is set in 1973 taking place in between Annabelle Comes Home (1971-72) and The Conjuring 2 (1976-77).The only physical connection between the movies is the appearance of Father Perez who was one of the main character's in Annabelle.The atmosphere of the movie is set right away, and I was not ready for the opening scene Marisol Ramirez (La Llorona) really got into her character and it showed. Her quick movements are absolutely unnerving. The scene in the beginning where she cracks her head to the side feels inhuman and yes I jumped and I have no shame. Some moments are deserving of actual jumps and that one certainly was.The only moment I really didn't enjoy as much was when Anna (Linda Cardellini) first sees La Llorona standing in the hallway and screams. Her scream just didn't resonate with me it didn't sound like a true terrified scream. Not only does this movie create an extremely tense atmosphere the moment it starts, it has plenty of gore and violence to bombard your eyes, not to mention that it has one of the best twists seen in any horror movie.I watched this film alone at night with the lights off, expecting to be freaked out by it since I thought it was just another typical horror movie; but instead I was completely intrigued by the story line, and utterly drawn into the film for the whole 100 minutes. At the end I did not feel scared, rather, I felt something very few horror movies have to offer: satisfaction! This movie left me in a slightly disturbed but very thoughtful state. It did not give me nightmares, rather, it plagued my day-dreams; for two days my thoughts could not stray far from this film, that's how powerful it is.If you want a cringingly gory and violent horror movie, watch "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" or "Hostel"; if you want a nightmarishly scary horror movie, watch "The Grudge" or "The Ring"; if you want a clever and disturbing horror movie with an excellent story and a great twist, watch "Saw". Wow. The critics weren't wrong. Not since seven has horror been portrayed so majestically. From the first minute to last this film twists and turns you till you feel rather poorly. Just like 'Se7en', the all-round Grittiness that director James Wan creates disgusts and enthralls. Just like 'Se7en', there is a H U G E twist that makes your blood curdle. A lack of star names helps the movie flow as the pace builds to a finale that won't be forgotten by this viewer in a hurry! I still can't sleep. It is well scripted, well acted, and, for everyone who guesses the killer after the first few minutes, keeps you guessing right up to the final reel. It is better than Seven for shock value. It is not over the top gory but there is a final scene which makes you sweat. Very highly recommended! Movies like Saw are the ones that makes us believe in the horror genre. It is because of such movies we like to see horror/thriller movies. Let me tell you that after watching Saw I wanted to buy the ticket and watch it again because after a long time I got to see a real gripping and tightly directed horror movie. The movie is very exciting and has a lot of goosebumps. However, if you are a faint of heart please do not see this movie as it has a lot of gore/violence in it which will make you jump out of your seat. I just can't wait for the DVD to come out as I really want to buy it. My recommendation to all of you is to watch Saw and have a good time like I did. Also, the movie has a great twist. 10/10 There is no way one can condescend to this movie. This is the best horror suspense movie that was ever made !!! Its simply unmatched !! THe acting might not be the best around, but that is not the only that that one looks for in a movie of this calibre. Looking at the story is what needs to be complimented upon. The storyline, the concept used herein, the chain of events, the vision portrayed and the end result...its all fits in perfectly to keep the viewer at his seat all the way. And that is how a movie show be - keeping the watched interested and let me tell you that as far as I know, everyone i know who have watched this movie have not nothing but impressed !! I have been reading the other comments that have come through and cannot believe some of the criticisms that I have seen. UNBELIEVABLE!!!! These guys had 18 days and a budget of 1.2 mil. If anyone else who has posted their ill views about this film has the ability to produce a true thriller with a sensational plot, storyline and final scene in that amount of time and budget I'd like to see it!! Coming from Melbourne myself, I am impressed and thrilled to have fellow residents of this great state in Australia to get out there, do what they love doing and make a very nice profit for themselves thankyou very much! The amount of CRAP that has come out of Hollywood with big name stars and RIDICULOUS!!! budgets, with movies that have completely flopped is outstanding!! For James and Leigh's first feature film, they did incredibly well, so instead of condemning and "nit-picking", we should be supporting these young film-makers.In conclusion.... For all of you people who hated the movie and thought it was a complete waste of your money and laughed at this film... SAW made over $54mil from its first week in the US and it is still climbing... Who's laughing now!! this movie mixes several attributes which made me giving a 10-rating: the beginning is fascinating with a cube-like atmosphere. it never loses suspense thru the whole movie....and the sick mind of the killer reminds to john doe's from "se7en" of brilliant David Finch. the turnings of the storyline are almost unpredictable which is rare and never any Hollywood-like cliché or happy-end. a lot of surprises, shock and some gore scenes which altogether makes it a perfect horror-psycho-thriller.in my opinion, it beats even cult horror-movies like Texas chainsaw massacre 2003, event horizon, dawn of the dead 2004, cube, wrong turn or evil dead. thru out the time, these kind of movies goes far to the limits of the violence and dark fears we all got into us....so be warned, "saw" will give you a sightseeing tour thru hell....enjoy it ! Adam (Leigh Whannell) and Larry (Cary Elwes) awaken to find themselves locked in a filthy, dilapidated public bathroom. As they regain awareness, things go from bad to worse. They see a dead body on the floor between them, and then they realize that they're chained to large pipes on opposite sides of the room. When they discover a hidden message for each, they learn that a madman is playing a sick game with them. Can they win the game and escape with their lives? Every once in a while, I'm given an opportune moment to engage in a mini-rant, so here we go. Anyone wondering why I usually pay no attention to the Academy Awards need look no further than Saw. In my view, Saw should be nominated for eight 2005 Oscars: Best Motion Picture of the Year, Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role (Elwes), Best Achievement in Directing, Best Writing--Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen, Best Achievement in Cinematography, Best Achievement in Art Direction, Best Achievement in Makeup, and Best Achievement in Music Written for Motion Pictures--Original Song (Fear Factory's "Bite the Hand That Bleeds"). Not that I feel it should necessarily win all eight, but it should have a fair shake at them. There are others that I would nominate for some of those categories--including Hellboy, The Village, AVP: Alien vs. Predator, Dawn of the Dead, Kill Bill Vol. 2, Shaun of the Dead, and Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle. But you'll note that out of those, only The Village got a nod (a single nomination). It's difficult for me to take something seriously that is so far off the mark when it comes to recognizing quality films. But it's not as if a general anti-genre bias in the Academy Awards--as well as with professional critics and the self-appointed film literati--has not been noted before.James Wan and Whannell (who takes on double duty as an actor) have authored a tightly interwoven story, with a puzzle theme that draws you in like the best material of the Cube (1997) series combined with a gritty, Se7en (1995)-like serial killer police procedural. The pieces of the plot fit together precisely and unfold like a predetermined chess game. Wan and Whannell build tension gradually, despite the fact that the film comes out of the gate extremely suspenseful.Wan, who also served as director, creates a fabulously disturbing, dingy atmosphere throughout the film, bolstered by Julie Berghoff's production design, which is as inventive as the script. Part of the delightful novelty of the film is the elaborate, potentially fatal puzzles devised by the villain. Berghoff's designs for these scenarios and devices easily matches the lockstep intricacy of the plot and the ominous foreboding of the overall atmosphere. Viewers will likely cringe at vicariously envisioning themselves in the contraptions, and that's much of the point. The cinematography throughout the film is just as imaginative, easily telling a story that often depends on subtle visual cues, and reaching just the right balance of extended techniques, such as the varied film speeds during a car chase.Because so much of the film is focused on just two characters in a single, relatively sparse room, Elwes and Whannell must turn in powerhouse performances, running a gamut of emotions including vulnerable helplessness, studied hopefulness, vengeful anger and frenzied desperation. Both are excellent, with Elwes particularly remarkable. Danny Glover, as Detective David Trapp, is impressive in his transformation from a somewhat typical macho cop to an obsessive loon, perhaps on a par with the villain in his single-minded irrational commitment.The modus operandi and motivation (which serves as the theme) of the villain are intriguingly gray. The victims are often morally questionable, and can potentially benefit from their victimization. They're putatively given an out from their predicaments if they can muster the necessary wit and skill. At least on one level, the villain wants to give his victims a hard lesson and improve their lives.It should have been clear by the comparison to Cube and Se7en that Saw is not for the faint of heart (although it's not quite as gory as it could have been) or for those who want only clear messages of good and evil and happy endings. As one of 2004's best films, however, you owe it to yourself to give it a watch. Saw has achieved a rare feat in Thriller/Horror film-making in that it holds the suspense and intrigue throughout the entier film. From the opening moments (possibly the most captivating first 20 minutes of a film I've ever seen), until the end credits role, the audience is on edge, continually wondering what is going to happen next. The film centres around two men, chained to pipes, at either end of an industrial bathroom. Between them, lying face down on the floor is a body surrounded by a pool of blood. The questions of how and why these men are here are answered is a series of flashbacks throughout the film and this is where my only two real problems with the movie exist. Firstly, the first time out of the bathroom takes too long. Although the back story is interesting and necessary, I wanted to get back to the bathroom faster. The second problem I had was with the use of sped up film and rapidly changing camera angles in some of the flashback scenes. Although this technique did have an impact, after a few moments, it felt a bit 'gimicky'. The scenes in the bathroom however are masterful and the way the writers develop the plot in a setting that can seemingly go nowhere is a real credit to them. Saw is intriguing, it is imaginative, it is scary, suspenseful and wonderfully entertaining. Saw is a movie you must see at the cinema. I wish I could watch it for the first time again. So creepy and surprising. For years now i've been a fan of the horror/thriller genre but have been extremly dissapointed with any and all of the releases this genre has offered in the last half decade.  I had the great fortune of catching a screening of "SAW" recently at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival and must say it has fully restored my confidance that the ability to create a movie with the ability to make people lose sleep is still alive and well.  James Wan has done a masterful job at keeping any and all viewers on the edge of their seats from begining to end and if you're easily scared or even the slightest bit jumpy you definatly won't be able to handle "SAW"!!! Definate 10 out of 10!!! My favorite franchise of all time...
Starts out with two regular Joes stuck in a random grousome room. Movie gradually becomes exponentially more interesting as the plot unfolds, leading to (in my opinion) the most interesting serial killer of all time. One really frightening scare and phenomenal acting. I just saw this for the first time and had to write a review. I absolutely loved this movie. It is so intelligent clever and very well crafted. Great acting by all the participants and a really intricate story. Seriously why cant all movies be clever as this? Hey Hollywood you could learn a lesson from this. I just found it really disturbing and yet I couldnt take my eyes off it. So twisty and scary. Definitely checking out all the sequels now. I will probably rewatch this again in a few months. I got to see this film at a screening tonight, and had the added honor of having the filmmakers there for a Q&A to introduce and follow the movie.The acting wasn't stellar, and the movie itself was admittedly a little rough around the edges, but none of that really mattered. It was one of the most intense and disturbing movies I've ever seen. It became pretty clear why that was so during the Q&A. The filmmakers mentioned that they had been approached about just selling the script, but since they had worked so hard on it for so long, that it was their project and they were going to hold out until Wan could direct and they would maintain control over the script. And thankfully, Evolution gave them the funding and left them with creative control of the project.The result is that the whole movie has a level of internal cohesion that can only come when the project is a labor of love from concept, through development, and ultimately into production. Despite the faults of the movie, it still worked amazingly well, and had such a profound effect, because it was made by people who intimately knew every nook and cranny of the script, concept, and plot. My fear is that this movie will go the way of Blair Witch (about which I had very similar feelings.) This movie will benefit from some very well deserved positive word of mouth, but it's just too intense, and too much of a niche film to live up to the mass market's expectations. This is NOT a movie for the general movie going public. This is a movie for people who appreciate the art of film-making, and want to be scared and frightened by a challenging work. If the average popcorn muncher makes it through 45 minutes of this one, I'll be impressed. For those who go -- and I recommend it highly -- be ready for a unique experience that one can never truly be prepared for. I know this might sound very odd but my favorite character is John. Even though he finds ways to kill people he is also teaching them a certain lesson. All in all he is teaching them that no matter what you should always find ways to appreciate life and to make sure you are grateful of what you have.The one quote that means so much in this movie is: " Most people are so ungrateful to be alive but not you not anymore. Game over!" Another important quote is: " I am so sick of people who don't appreciate their blessings" To me this shows that he is very big on appreciating life and everything you have and that you should never take it for granted because some people are stuck with nothing or have a short life.I think that Adam is going to live because the whole movie was based on him because if you look at it this way the whole movie started with him in the bathtub and he wouldn't have been the one who was left alive in the end or the one who got the key in the bathtub.I really think that Saw was a great movie!! Saw in my opinion is an excellent suspense thriller/horror film. Many people pick it apart for several different reasons, and while i admit it may have it's flaws, i believe the important thing about a movie is the effect it has on you while watching it, rather than what you get when you pick apart every single little detail, and this particular film blew me away.It's somewhat of a slow builder, but that's one of the things that makes it so good. It introduces the characters and keeps you interested in what's happening to them and how they interact with each other. You feel like you're there with them the whole time throughout their ordeal, and it makes you care about the characters.Some of the scenes in this movie are truly suspenseful. One in particular will have you on the edge of your seat, not wanting to even breathe, and then even though you should be able to guess what happens at the end of the scene, it will still make you jump.other scenes will make you laugh right before throwing in something completely unexpected.and after all of the excellent, gripping build up, all hell finally breaks loose in the end, leading up to one of the best horror film endings i have ever seen.This is an exciting movie that will get your heart racing, and i gave it a 10/10. i recommend everybody who's into psychological thrillers and who don't mind a little excess blood see this film. I accidentally stumbled onto this one when I googled how to make a wooden pencil box. I wasn't disappointed Saw is one of the few horror series with an underlying philosophy. Victims of the main character, John Kramer (aka Jigsaw), wake up in the middle of a puzzle that needs to be solved within a given period of time. Solving the puzzle involves a lot of pain, and often requires a great deal of perseverance. Victims do not have the option to not play the game, because the consequence is death.For example, a man wakes up by the back wall of a dark cell. He does not remember how he got there. The space between him and the open door of the cell is covered with a dense web of barbed wire. Then, he sees a voice recorder. When he presses play, a recorded voice calls him by his name and tells him that he recently committed suicide, and that now is the time to know whether he really wanted to die that day or was just trying to attract some attention. If he really wants to die, all he needs to do is to just sit there and wait. But, if he wants to live, he has to go through the web of barbed wires. Moreover, he has to do that within two hours, because the door of the dungeon is on a timer.Putting a person to such a painful test is hard to justify. But, John relies on the assumption that "those who don't appreciate life do not deserve life" - the idea being that the gift of life is precious, and that one needs to appreciate the beauty of every moment. He thus chooses somewhat lost and unappreciative souls, and tries to make them come to the realization of that particular truth about their lives. He does this by designing a game, and putting them in it. Each game is a matter of life and death. Yet John claims that he never murdered anyone, since his test subjects always had the chance to survive.In a way, John plays God - that is, his tests involve pain, suffering, and death. There are warnings, awards and punishments. And, not playing the game is not an option.Serdar Kaya You wake up. You're in room with two other guys. One of them is dead. You are trapped to the wall by a chain on your ankle. You have no idea how you got there. Imagine that. Now imagine that getting much, much worse. And you have Saw. Saw is brilliant. It has no cheap twists or turns. No clichés, which are often unavoidable in the genre. And the whole film, as a horror flick, is a refreshing break from the plentiful jump scares that other films are so prominent in using. This film is frightening. It is gruesome. It is creepy. You never find that in horror films nowadays. Even in the sequels that follow this film, they are burdened by cheap and exhausted trends that, yes, may be frightening, but never do they leave you thinking "I didn't see that coming" or simply leave you with your jaw hanging as much as this film does. Saw also benefits from it's truly human characters. Characters that are flawed, troubled and real. Characters who move along the way with you. Instead of the classic "Don't open closet, don't open the closet" feel you get from some movies, Saw puts you there with character, totally okay with opening the closet until you realize it was an awful decision. The entire film digs at you, unsettles you, makes absolutely sure that your uneasy. It doesn't hesitate in pulling the carpet from under your feet. So many horror films make you chase them. They make you panic for answers. You are scared. Saw doesn't do this however. Saw grabs you by the ankle and drags you in until your just as captive as it's characters. You are amazed. Watching Saw alone, in the dark, late at night is how it should be watched. Otherwise you'll miss the full experience that this film proves to be. To all you horror fans out there, go watch this movie right now. To all of those who don't enjoy horror films, swallow the lump in your throat and do the same. Why do I want to write the review now on SAW ? I am not sure - almost everything that could be possibly said about it has been said. I saw this movie for the first time in 2005. I have yet to see a movie that has brought such intensity. The music, from Charlie Clouser, is just brilliant. It has that sort of dark, rough edge to it. An excellent soundtrack that keeps the heart racing as the victims running outta time. Da da daa. Da da daa was perfect for this kinda flick. Pretty low-budget and filmed in just a few days. Kudos to the makers James Wan and Leigh Whannell. Subsequent to my viewing of 'Saw', I went on to watch all 6 sequels. Unfortunately, all the other sequels weren't able to recapture the charm of the first one except for the 6th, which was decent.It has an ending that I didn't see coming at all. The best ending since Usual suspects. Many ppl will complain that Sixth sense had it but I wud difffer as Stir of echoes had similar. At least the story for Stir of echoes, appeared long before The Sixth Sense, in Richard Matheson's 1958 novel. Saw ain't no torture porn like many ppl believe. It's one of the best mystery thriller. The film stars Cary Elwes, Danny Glover, Monica Potter, Michael Emerson, Ken Leung, Tobin Bell and Leigh Whannell. OK this was one of THE BEST films I have EVER seen. First of all that it was directed by someone so young, and that it only took 18 days to film is REMARKABLE. The suspense, and tension that this film invokes in you is nothing less than PURE GENIUS! I definitely recommend this movie to anyone who has a true love for the "creepy, disturbing" type of film. This isn't your typical slasher, gory horror movie......it has a plot twist that could NEVER be guessed.....I'm talking ABSOLUTE CINEMATIC GENIUS.........give that director and screenwriter...(who, by the way, also plays Adam)......an Acadamy Award!!!!!!!! And to comment on the ones who say it is a cheap Se7en rip-off....Yes is does have shades of Se7en in it's death, (or lack thereof), scenes but to compare this film to Se7en....is an understatement. Don't get me wrong until I saw "Saw".....lol.....Se7en was one of my favorite films. If only more production studios would take a note of this film and start producing more like it for all us die hard chiller fans!! But even if they don't, the long wait between creepy films like these is definitely worth the wait if they all end up being like this one. A+++++++++ The ending by itself with that twist plus great acting and music makes this movie the best thriller/horror film of all time. This movie is fantastic and exciting. Despite the film's name, "saw". It's not very gory unlike it's sequels. For some viewers, it may not be scary at all, but it's the thought and idea that makes it scary. The film revolves around different places around different times and all comes together in a conclusion. You could be wandering why a character is doing certain actions until it is revealed later. These "twists" are well thought through and well explained.The film is very unique, as it's a new generation of horror. Saw started a lot of new horror movies like The Cube and Amusement. Instead of having a killer going around killing people violently or a "demon/ghost is possessing something" kind of movie, Saw is none of those things because it's different. People are in situations where they can make all sorts of choices to survive, or achieve a certain goal like saving another ones life. The killer in the movie doesn't attack victims, but tests them based on their weaknesses and sins. All these things make the writing really good.The film also has one of the greatest plot twists I've ever witnessed. You will be shocked and have goosebumps when you see it.This is a must watch, even if your not a fan of horror, this film is completely fresh and original and I suggest it to everyone. In the recent years, the horror movies have evolved and finally stopped trying to "scare" the audience. No matter how gory, loud or jumpy a movie is, it is almost impossible to scare an intellectual scary movie enthusiast with clown dolls or simple ghost stories, because he's just seen tens of them. Because of this fact, the new generation of horror movies entertain the viewer with either the element of "surprise & shock" (like "Identity", "Others") or "beautiful shooting & fx" (like "Dawn of the Dead", "28 Days Later"). "SAW" uses the "surprise" element, and does it all the way to make me say "Holy CRAP!" out loud. The plot is beautifully written, makes you more curious by each second that passes by, and fully satisfies the horror-lover in the end. Furthermore it does all these with a budget of 1 million dollars and an inexperienced director! Indeed there will probably be wannabe intellectual people who will try to find flaws in it or tell they don't like it, just to create controversy and to look different. Other than that, I can't imagine any horror/thriller lover dislike this movie. I must admit i've read a lot of the other reviews for this movie and i see a lot of people knocking it? I don't know how, if you have seen this movie and knock it, your an idiot, because i can guarantee you that when you were in the theatre you were scared shitless. I think this movie is an amazing achievement. Everything is intricated and done with an intensity i haven't seen in a film ever. This film is no doubt a 10. Scary, fascinating, morbid, and it all ties into a higher reason. An excellent movie, a DEFINENT must see. Critics and people knocking it are really just trying to hard to be critics instead of enjoying an amazing movie that i rate in the horror/thriller section as the scariest, most well done movie i've ever viewed. For you critics knocking it and doing your best to pick apart and trash it, you suck d*ck. The reputation of the "Saw" franchise has ebbed and flowed over the years, sometimes declining thanks to an endless stream of sequels. While these subsequent installments became increasingly centered on the series' signature death traps and eventually became big-budget gore films, it's easy to forget that the original "Saw" was a much different case. Having more in common with "Seven" than "Hostel", this film stands as one of the best horror films of the 2000's decade. While the modus operandi of antagonist "Jigsaw" remains the same, this first installment is much more concerned with plot and suspense than buckets of blood. That's not to saw that it doesn't have it's grisly moments, but they aren't the main focus of the film. Instead, director James Wan and screenwriter Leigh Whannell seek to combine the serial killer-thriller and horror genres, and do so to wonderful effect.The plot here is much more complex than one may expect, filled with genuinely surprising twists and turns. The way the story unravels is methodical, but the moments of gore and intensity are spread out perfectly, so that the film never lulls or becomes boring. For the majority of it's run-time, the main narrative is confined to one room, but through flashbacks and recollection of the events leading to that moment, it weaves an unpredictable storyline and never feels restricted. The cast is mostly good as well. Cary Elwes may be a bit stilted, but his natural charm and confidence shines through, and his performance becomes quite intense by the denouement. Meanwhile, Whannell not only writes, but stars in the film, and gives a solid turn as well. Though his screen-time is lesser here, Tobin Bell is also brilliant as "Jigsaw". Even just his voice is more chilling and iconic than words can describe. He truly inhabits the role.But the real sucker-punch comes from the film's ending shot, and final, incredible twist. It's a moment that one never forgets the feeling of experiencing for the first time. Everything comes together. The twisting plot, the well-rounded characterization, brutality of the horror aspects, the emotional impact and chilling philosophical implications. All of this tempered by Wan's surprisingly stylish and mature direction. The film has an atmospheric look, despite being shot on such a low-budget. It builds a world of shadowy city streets and gloomily-colored industrial locations. This is a horror film that truly has it all. Suspense, gore, an astonishing amount of humanity, and a clever script to boot. Jigsaw has become an icon for a reason, and at the end of the day, despite continuing sequels, this film remains that reason. A true masterpiece of it's genre. I am written this review In Memorie of my all time favorite the best horror director Wes Craven that sadly is no longer with us anymore. On August 30th 2015, Craven died of brain cancer at home in Los Angeles. I am doing this for him. A Nightmare on Elm Street is a 1984 American supernatural Classic slasher horror film written and directed by Wes Craven, and the first film of the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise. The best horror flick I have ever seen.I love this film to death, I love it!!! It is one of my personal favorite horror movies. It is my number 1 favorite film in the franchise it stays in my heart forever. I am a big fan of this film I even have a poster hang on door in my room, my girlfriend give it to me as gift. I love some other films of Wes Craven that he directed like are New Nightmare, Scream, Shocker,The People Under the Stairs, Scream 2 and Scream 3. A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984) for me will be always in the genre the best slasher classic horror film written and directed by Wes Craven. He gave us Freddy Krueger which was followed six sequels one crossover and one remake after success of the first film that gross $26.505.000 in USA. The sequel after the first film A Nightmare on Elm Street Part 2: Freddy's Revenge was refused from Wes Craven to work on the film because he never wanted or intended A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984) to become an ongoing franchise (and even wanted the first film to have a happy ending), and also because he didn't like the idea of Freddy manipulating the protagonist into committing the murders. The sequel for me wasn't a good movie after the original was released. My top 5 films of We Craven would be A Nightmare On Elm Street, Scream , New Nightmare, Shocker and The People Under the Stairs. The first film is so original, realistic, and overall terrifying horror classic slasher flick that is actually happening in dreams, a sociopath child killer with sharp clawed glove who has knives in stead for a fingers, can enter into your dreams. If he kills you in your dreams, you're dead for real. The main protagonist is Nancy Thompson a teenager where her friends start dying and are killed one by one from Freddy Krueger, she try's to warn people from Freddy coming in to their dreams, but no one listens to her not her father the Sheriff not her mom or her friends. Her parents hold a dark secret from her long ago. She is alone in this and she has to fight him by her self by going back in to her dreams and get Freddy out of her dream in to the real world. Nancy the character was so clever, smart and intense carefully. She was awesome unique legendary heroine did you see how she put booby-traps for Freddy? Awesome!Tina Grey played by Amanda Wyss, is really good in her role for the short time she is in this film. Heather Langenkamp is excellent in her role as the main protagonist in this film. She's legendary unique teen heroine a very attractive,and gives 100% as Tina's friend Nancy Thompson who starts to have the same nightmares. Robert Englund as Freddy Krueger the actor's contribution to the character is 100% superb. I think that Freddy Kruegar IS Robert Englund and vice versa, even though a lot of his moments in this film are about injecting a scary visual presence, he also creates a mystic before the film's revelation: Who is he? Where does he come from? Why is he doing these things? After the third film of the series, Englund would become a Hollywood star and a horror icon. For me Robert Englund will be the only Freddy Krueger I love him in all Nightmare films. John Saxon as Lt. Donald Thompson, Nancy's dad was fantastic in his role and his performance. Johnny Depp in his first role as Glen Lantz was awesome, I seriously loved him in 21 Jump Street TV Series and today I still love him in Pirates of the Caribbean film franchise. I love the main theme Nightmare Freddy Krueger score from Charles Bernstein and I love the song at the of the credits Nightmare by 213.A Nightmare On Elm Street (1984) is the best classic slasher film,one of the best horror movies ever made. It is one of my personal favorite horror movies. My number one favorite horror film in the franchise and it will always be the best one in the series. I have always enjoyed seeing this film, it is fast paced, entertaining, not boring or over long film, but short and very intense from the beginning till the end. I love this movie death. 10/10 Grade: Bad Ass Seal Of Approval The "Nightmare" has been recently on in our TV and I must admit that even after those fourteen years it made a deep impression on me. I saw the film for the first time in 1989 and at that time I was scared because I was just a teenager then. But now, I can see that the film has got something unique, which makes the film different from other horror movies. I think it`s down to the basic idea of this film - dreams and everything that can happen in our dreams sometimes become true. The authors of this film did not have to be bound with the need to stay realistic and that opens a free way to their wildest imaginations. Charles Bernstein`s music in this movie has become clasic and we can hear the basic melodic motive in some of the sequels. Original music composed by different authors in the sequels to this first Nightmare stays far far behind Bernstein`s masterpiece. A Nightmare on Elm Street, one of the scariest movies of all time, and one of the scariest in the 80's. It also introduced one of the scariest villains of all time, Freddy Krueger, one of the ultimate boogeymen that you know who he is just by his name. Wes Craven brought us one of the most terrifying ideas, what would happen if your nightmares were real? That if you died in your dream, you died in real life? He brought us A Nightmare on Elm Street, a low budget horror film that has made it huge in the horror genre's world. The whole concept of the film is just what makes it so brilliant. Not to mention how cool is it that this is Johnny Depp's first film role? Who knew that that kid was going to be so huge one day, right? But the entire cast made this into one of the scariest movies that will always bring you a few nightmares on it's own.Tina is a girl who has been having tons of nightmares about a scary figure, a man who is severely burned and has knives for fingers. She's so scared of this man that she asks her friends, Nancy, Nancy's boyfriend, Glenn, and her boyfriend, Rod to stay over. But Tina is brutally killed in the middle of the night, the only witness is her boyfriend, leaving him as the suspect of murder. But when he is murdered in jail, Nancy knows there's something wrong and soon she's having the same nightmares as Tina. Soon she knows that she might be next, no one believes her, until her mom reveals a deep dark secret about the mysterious figure, Freddy Krueger. He was a sick child molester/killer who the neighbors burned alive to keep him away, but now he's after their kids and he's not going to take it easy on Nancy.A classic horror film that's perfect for a sleep over with your friends to watch in the dark. It's such a great film that sparked quite a few sequels and a new icon for slasher films. Freddy Krueger is so cool and extremely scary just for the fact that he's so confident in knowing that he will kill you. He's ruthless, scary, and clever and he's coming to kill the kids in their dreams. A Nightmare on Elm Street is such a great film and I highly recommend it, Wes Craven is an original genius who spawned a new type of terror.10/10 I love A Nightmare On Elm Street. Every time i watch this i think it has a terrific energy and strength running through it. I like the way the film starts with Freddy Kruegar making his Finger Knife Glove in his basement cellar, then the music kicks in (what a creepy score) as the first teenager is frantically running around his maze-like Boiler Room in her dream state. Freddy is only hinted at in the shadows or ripping through cloth with his glove and i love the way you can hear animals and creepy noises emitting from all around Tina, as she becomes cornered before Freddy comes out of the shadows. A great opening.Tina Grey is played by Amanda Wyss, who is really good in her role for the short time she is in this film. I always remember her character in this film the way i remember the Chrissie Watkins character at the start of Jaws, i think you know what i'm coming too. Tina's encounter with Freddy in her backyard is my favourite moment in this film, and it is one of the most horrifying deaths I've ever seen. Its frightening to see and if you are faint hearted at splashing blood then look away because it is a screamer.Heather Langenkamp is excellent in this film. Shes very attractive,and gives 100% as Tina's friend Nancy Thompson who starts to have the same nightmares. My favourite moments with Nancy are mostly her scary encounters with Freddy scored to an energetic music beat by Charles Bernstein. I would say part of the movie's success is down to his creepy score. I also love the bathroom scene when Nancy falls asleep, absolutely gross and hilarious at the same time. The thing is, these 'funny' moments are actual imagines of how Freddy wants to prey on his victims before killing them, this is done in this first film with a measured discipline, then you watch The Dream Master and Freddy is basically killing kids while being 100% comic about it as well.One of my favourite other scenes in this film is when Nancy is following Tina's corpse down her School halls (having falling asleep)and runs into a prefect women who states 'Wheres your pass?' Nancy doesn't respond in kind, and as she goes running down the hall, the girl reveals herself to be Freddy 'No running in the hallway' an eerie moment that is funny too.Finally, special mention must go to Robert Englund as Freddy Kruegar. This actor's contribution to the character is 100% superb. I think that Freddy Kruegar IS Robert Englund and vice versa, even though a lot of his moments in this film are about injecting a scary visual presence, he also creates a mystic before the film's revelation: Who is he? Where does he come from? Why is he doing these things? After the third film of the series, Englund would become a Hollywood star and a horror icon. Rightfully so.A Nightmare On Elm Street is a classic horror thriller and, along with Halloween, is one of the best horror movies ever made. This movie might very well be one of the best horror movies of all time, together with movies like "Poltergeist", "Dawn of the Dead (1978)" "The Exorcist" and "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre (1974)".I didn't expected it to be but this movie was just brilliant. Certainly the best slasher movie ever made. There are several things that make this movie a good horror classic. Of course the classic 'killer' Freddy Kruger is one of them. Another thing is the concept. Yes, the story of course is just simply ridiculous at times but it's the perfect concept to fill a movie with, with some scary scene's and brutal killings with tons of blood.The movie has the same scary gritty atmosphere like a horror movie from the 70's, when the horror genre was at an all-time high. The actors are giving their best but some of the dialog is just plain cheesy. Still I think that the actors should deserve more credit then they are getting right now, especially Johnny Depp made a impressive movie debut. The talent was already showing, back then. His role in this movie was way bigger than I expected it to be by the way.Really entertaining horror classic. Some things might look cheesy, especially the ending (I really laughed my butt off!) and the story in general but the atmosphere, gore and Kruger make up everything! Guess you have to be a fan of the genre to fully appreciate it though.10/10http://bobafett1138.blogspot.com/ The 80's biggest horror landmark was this smash-hit that brought director Craven into mainstream film and gave birth to an unstoppable horror icon!Young lady discovers that she and her friends are having the same terrifying dreams about a scar-faced maniac, who's about to transcend into murderous life!Wes Craven's biggest claim to fame, A Nightmare on Elm Street was a far more imaginative slasher film than the numerous others that flooded the 80's cinema scene. Craven's clever premise and inventively shocking story added a kind of dark fantasy element that made this film so much more engrossing (and frightening) than the average slasher flick. It also turned villain Freddy Kruger into the biggest horror icon since the monsters of 50's horror cinema. Craven's direction is truly great, giving this film plenty of feverish atmosphere, tight suspense, and a share of good scares! Adding even more to the movie is the occasional touch of dark humor, who could ever forget that 'tounge phone' bit. The movie also has lots of gruesome special FX as well. The Elm Street theme by Charles Bernstein is a nicely chilling touch too.The cast is quite good. Heather Langenkamp makes for a terrific and likable heroine. John Saxon and Ronee Blakley are both great as Langenkamp's disbelieving parents. Amanda Wyss, Nick Corri, and Johnny Depp (in his debut role) are also great as some troubled Elm Street youths. Robert Englund is a power-house villain as Freddy Kruger.A modern horror classic all the way, A Nightmare on Elm Street is still making folks afraid to sleep all these years later!Followed by numerous sequels.**** out of **** This is a terrific, truly original horror movie.I consider myself a fan of all the "Nightmare on Elm Street" films, but this movie is, along with part 3, the finest the series has to offer.There is much to recommend about this movie.First of all, this movie treated the killer (Freddy Krueger) with respect. As the series wore on, each successive film played him more and more for laughs.  But, in this movie, he's a force to be reckoned with.Besides that, the concept is truly unique - a sociopathic child killer who can enter into your dreams.  If he kills you in your dreams, you're dead for real.The movie is shot in a very eerie, dark style which adds to the suspense. The performances are all enjoyable.Overall, I highly recommend this movie if you like horror films at all.I rate this a 10 out of 10. Do you need a big budget to make a good Horror Movie? No, Wes Craven and many other Directors of that Genre proved that more than once. From today's point of view some special effects might look a bit poor but some others are still impressive and they still stick in my mind. What I impressed more than the blood and gore scenes are the creation of a new kind of Horror figure: Freddy Krueger. In a kind he is a modern Vampire. He isn't like Bela Lugosi's or Christopher Lee's Dracula a fashionable and handsome man who tries to seduce his victims. No he is more like Max Schreck's Count Orlok of the classic Nosferatu. An ugly person you fear when you see him. Freddy Krueger doesn't suck out the blood but the sucks out the fear of his victims. He needs their fear to live and like a Cat with a Mouse he plays with his victims before he kills them. Most of them are teenager and like a Vampire he is coming into the night when all the children sleep. If one of the youngsters let him in their dream it's pretty difficult to survive for them.It's not so easy to create a horror figure. Director Wes Craven had the luck to find with Robert Englund the perfect cast for this role. Also some of the young actresses and actors are showing good performances. As Max Schreck was Count Orlok Robert Englund is Freddy Krueger. No wonder that so many sequels would follow. Next to the creation of a perfect new horror monster the whole movie follows somehow the concept of old classics. If you hear a children song in a horror movie it's always scary. The concept of the plot is like an old urban legend, myth or old classic ghost story. A young teenage girl is telling his parents that she dreamed of a monster that tried to kill her. Nobody believes her and keep on telling her it's just a nightmare. Freddy Krueger cannot come into the dreams of adults they don't have the imagination of fantasy anymore.Next to the plot I was always impressed of the style of directing and photography of A Nightmare on Elm Street. It's 80's style with contemporary music. The movie it self has a Gothic nightmarish atmosphere but Wes Craven used the colors and the look of the 1980's for it. The first A Nightmare on Elm Street Movie isn't a typical Horror Mainstream product. Wes Craven not only broke with some of the common rules of the genre he also reinvented some old classic rules of the genre into a new light. I highly recommend this piece of 80's culture to every movie fan not only the horror fans. If you don't like horror series don't watch the sequels but watch Wes Craven's Version of a Nightmare. This movie is much different from other horror movies because it's more about the story and mystery and less on pointless killings.in some pointless horror movies I think to my self when pricks get slashed d by an obvious killer I say "yeah sure there getting killed but gives a cares". But in Nightmare on elm street is clever psychological suspense. By 1984, the slasher genre was wearing thin. Halloween bombed out with number 3, and Friday the 13th was falling into the dreadful mix of completely cliché horror. Without A Nightmare on Elm Street, that could have been it for the slasher film. With it, however, the genre was brought off the respirator for another 10 years when Craven did it again with Scream, but I digress. Wes Craven delivers a very original, creative, and well played out horror film that has the perfect level of plot, fright, gore, and imagination. The balance of these elements is key, as it gives you the best of all of them, without becoming too cliché, too bloody, or too silly. And I'm not talking about no stinking Santa Claus! I'm talking about Freddy Krugger, the king of 80's horror! The original "Nightmare On Elm Street" is still considered a modern masterpiece of horror where for once, I didn't get no sleep at night. I remember watching the original film back in Halloween of 2000 where I thought that Freddy Krugger had gotten me until my dad woke me up to see if I was okay. Luckily, there weren't any bruises or cuts on me before leaving to school the next day.Starting on my review.Wes Craven's "A Nightmare on Elm Street" is about a group of kids led by Nancy (Heather Lagenkamp) where her friends have one thing in common: They see the same guy in their dreams. Freddy Krugger looks like a burned piece of meat after coming out of the fire where he wears a red and green stripe sweater and has long knives as fingernails and chases his victims when they're asleep giving them a souvenir. One night, Nancy invites her friends for a sleepover where one of them is brutally attacked by the monster himself where nobody believes Nancy or her pals about the incident.To this day, A Nightmare on Elm Street scares the living crap out of me where every night before I go to bed, I try to tell myself that it's only a movie.Sweet dreams, everybody! After such gruesome drive-in flicks as "The Last House on the Left" and "The Hills Have Eyes," master of horror Wes Craven wanted to make a movie that would bring the slasher genre back to life, since the genre was clouded by untalented, unoriginal films that shouldn't have been made. So, along came "A Nightmare on Elm Street." To this day, Craven's masterpiece of modern horror is the movie that elevated the horror genre. Avoid the awful sequels that followed it. The first "Nightmare on Elm Street" movie is still the scariest and most effective movie in the series.The story revolves around four teens in the town of Springwood: Nancy Thompson, Tina Gray, Rod Lane and Glen Lantz. All four have had horrifying dreams involving a terribly burnt boogeyman in a red and green sweater and a brown fedora on his head with extremely sharp blades for fingers. Sure, they're just dreams. But not until Tina is graphically murdered in her sleep. No weapon was found, but there were four long cuts in Tina's chest. The rest of the group soon finds out that it is the Springwood maniac Freddy Krueger that is haunting their dreams. None of them are safe. If they fall asleep, they will meet their gruesome demise. Now it's up to Nancy to stop Freddy once and for all. But how can she stop somebody that isn't supposed to be real?"A Nightmare on Elm Street" created a terrifying villain, a plot that is very original, and a group of characters that you care about. Everybody knows who Freddy is, just like everyone knows who Michael Myers is, or Jason Voorhees, or Leatherface. He is now one of the most iconic slashers in horror cinema.One of the things that I admire the most is the cast. Heather Langenkamp is an awesome heroine. Nancy is one of the girls in the genre that fought the villain and didn't run. Langenkamp creates a suburban teenage girl that is filled with pizazz and wit, which she has the most of out of all the characters. In a very brief performance, Tina is played by Amanda Wyss of the hit comedy "Fast Times At Ridgemont High." Her character's death is uncomfortable and disturbing to watch. Craven shows no mercy during Tina's death, not having an ounce of the scene edited. He makes you watch all of it, and that creeps the viewer out even more. Nick Corri is a very good rebel. And you'll also notice Johnny Depp in his first big movie as Glen. His death is second best.Nancy's parents, Donald and Marge Thompson, are played by John Saxon of "Black Christmas" and Ronee Blakely of "Nashville." They are the last of the parents on Elm Street to hold a very dark secret about Freddy, something that they aren't telling Nancy or the others. Not such a good idea, since Freddy never seems to leave them alone.I can't imagine anybody else playing Freddy other than Robert Englund. Englund is flawless in the role that made him a star. This is where Englund is scariest as Freddy. In the sequels, Freddy becomes a comedian with rather stale wisecracks. What makes Freddy so scary in the first "Nightmare on Elm Street" movie is how his dark, macabre sense of humor comes off as frightening. And he's always there, wherever you are. "Since he's a dream figure, he can basically do anything," says critic Aviva Briefel. "He can transform into anything. That's what makes him so scary. How can you resist sleep? He's everywhere." If horror movies got nominations, Englund would be first in line to win the award.Craven's direction is perfect. He films "A Nightmare on Elm Street" with a great amount of flair and he provides plenty of gore that will satisfy gore-hounds and enough scares to make you jump.The verdict: "A Nightmare on Elm Street" still holds up as one of the scariest horror movies ever made. And people are always going to remember it. When kids are off to summer camp or they want their parents to tell them a scary story before bed, they most likely will hear about Freddy Krueger and his razor-blade glove. Nightmares are guaranteed. "One, two, Freddy's coming for you...Three, four, better lock your door...Five, six grab your crucifix...Seven, eight, gonna stay up late...Nine, ten, never sleep again!" By the late 70s and early 80s, the slasher film genre was at its peak. With then-new special effects, they were always sure to have the audience on the edge of their seats. In this genre in particular, you had the Father (Michael Myers of Halloween), the Son (Jason of Friday the 13th), and last and most importantly, the Holy Spirit; none other than Freddy Krueger of A Nightmare on Elm Street.A Nightmare on Elm Street is on a slightly different level than the other gory slasher films of the 80s. It delves into a different part of the viewer's psyche that a lot of other films have ignored. Freddy, our villain, is as gruesome as our other horror movie monsters, (although he's acquit with slightly more witty banter) but he can only attack you one way--- in your dreams.Having the dreamworld as Freddy's playground is one of the smartest, and scariest ideas film maker Wes Craven could have come up with. Sleep is a thing that all humans have to do, no matter how hard we try to stay awake. Caffeine and cold showers can only take you so many days before you eventually drift off into slumber, where a real-life nightmare awaits you.As far as the acting goes in this film, you can't get any better for a number of reasons. Freddy's (Robert Englund) sly and sometimes perverted remarks bring a sense of comic relief into the script, a thing many other horror films don't have. Also, this was Johnny Depp's first role in a feature-length film. And let me tell you, the 17 year old Johnny made being torn in two look pretty realistic. Our heroine of the film, (Heather Langenkamp) played a very believable, strong role. She made the audience root for her the whole way through, and made viewers feel her frustration when no one would believe her about her night stalker.Along with a great musical score that made The Nightmare on Elm Street theme famous, a great cast, and a very talented director, Nightmare is safety one of the slasher genre's greatest films. With six sequels to follow, a television show, and various merchandise, it is obvious that this was one of horror's biggest franchises. With its cult following, this movie will be loved for generations to come. Nancy kick ass! Finally a character who fights back! I am so tired of horror film where everyone dies at the end and all that really happens is that they get massacred. The main character in this movie: Nancy Thompson deserves the title heroine in my opinion. There are few good horror movies where people fight back and this is one of them.Being a big fan of John Carpenter I felt Wes Cravens film where worth checking out, and so far I'm not disappointed. i think most of you 70's and 80's horror fans noticed the same thing like me; this kinda reminds me of John Carpenters "Halloween". The lead role is a few years younger and Michael Meyers is replaced with Freddy Krueger an equally creepy bogeyman-ish character.Of course like all horror movies is write reviews about I note that these are not for the faint of heart. It scared the hell out of me, that's for sure. And it may freak you out even more, I just wan't to make clear it's R rated for a reason, so don't show to anyone under 13 or 14 (it's not that bad, just don't show it to a child).PS.MINOR SPOILERS: You may be a little confused at the end, but remember, it's just a dream. (And Nancy is in the 3 movie so she's fine) SPOILER ENDS.So for a great horror film, with a heroine that kicks ass, I give this movie a 10/10. The original and the best "Nightmare" centers around the introduction of Nancy Thompson and Freddy Krueger. This four kids experience the same nightmare. Their nightmare is about a guy stalking them in a boiler room. He wears red green strips sweater, brown hat and he wears this glow he created with razor sharp knives for fingers. He stalks Nancy and her friends Tina, Rod and Glen he kills teens in their dreams and if they die in a dream they die for real in the real world. Nancy is a soul survivor alone no one believes her and her parents are hiding a deep secret from her. Now she has to fight back and bring Freddy Krueger in to real world. So she puts this booby traps then she dreams, she fights with Freddy she holds him and pulls him out of her dream in to real world."1, 2 Freddy is coming for you, 3, 4 better lock your door." A Nightmare on Elm Street is very invented. Wes Craven made a great film. It is the best horror classic film I have ever seen. My number 1 favorite horror film I love, love this film to death. You can see my title "NightmareOnElmStreetFan." I am supporting this franchise I am a huge Wes Craven fan I miss the director and his legacy R.I.P. This is my favorite film of them all horror icons, of all horror movies out there. It is very smart filmmaking, great story, scary villain, I was scared of Freddy as a kid. In the sequels Freddy got less scary, but in here he is really scary. When Tina pulls off Freddy's face you see a skeleton around his face. He is really creepy scary.Robert Englund was fantastic he did really great job as Freddy Krueger. No one can replace him he is the only Freddy Krueger child murderer stalking teens in their dreams on Elm Street. I read that Robert stated that he would love to do another Elm Street movie, if the script would be good. The dream sequence in this movie are very good. Nancy seen Tina in her dream with a white bloody body bag around her that is really creepy and scary. You see Freddy's face coming to the wall, different dreams sequences are really good. Heather Langenkamp as Nancy Thompson is my favorite actress my favorite horror heroine of all time. She is unique, clever, she put booby traps on Freddy and she fought with Freddy I love this girl to death.Great story by Wes Craven, very smart film, if you haven't seen this film check it out I know a lot of people seen this film. I love the soundtrack playing on the end of credits Nightmare by 213. A Nightmare on Elm Street is my all time personal favorite slasher horror movie of all time. I love this film to death it is dear to my heart, it always will be. I love this film is my number 1 favorite Wes Craven film it is my top 5 Craven films. My second favorite film is Shocker, my third favorite Craven film is New Nightmare, my fourth Wes Craven favorite film is Scream and fifth favorite Wes Craven film is The People Under the Stairs. It is the best in Elm Street series I love love this film.Johnny Depp is in his first acting role, he is awesome believable as Nancy's boyfriend love his performance to death. I love Johnny Depp to death he was in 21 Jump Street in the lead role I love him. John Saxon from Enter the Dragon is awesome as Nancy's dad Lt. Donald Thompson great acting performance from the actor. Amanda Wyss as Tina Gray is excellent as Nancy's friend I love the actress I love everything about this movie. Nick Corri as Rod Lane, Tina's boyfriend was great.Heather Langenkamp, Johnny Depp, Nick Corri and Amanda Wyss are respectfully awesome as 4 friends. Those actors who played there characters are beloved till this days.What can I say about the film that was said already? it is a classic, dark, scary, atmospheric slasher film. I have a poster hang on a door in my room about this movie. I am getting A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors T-shirt soon I order it such a fan of the franchise I am. It is easily my favorite horror film of all time, it stays in my heart forever. I am a big fan of the movie I love all other horror movies, I love some of the sequels not all they are good but 3 movies I don't like. A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984) will be the best one for me in the horror genre I grew up with this movie it is my childhood film. A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET Starring: Heather Langenkamp, Johnny Depp, Amanda Wyss, Jsu Garcia, Robert Englund, ...Plot: The killer Fred Krueger (Robert Englund) appears in the dreams and he kills the people who see him in their dreams. A teenager girl, Nancy (Heather Lngenkamp), wants to stop him, but that is so difficult...My opinion: That film is one horror low-budget movie from 80s and I think that is the best one, after "Friday the 13th". I had scared when I saw it. It has some very scary scenes. The best part of the film is the only one Freddy (Robert Englund) who is the best!!!! Freddy Krueger is the best killer I have ever seen and here is really good. So I put on "A nightmare on Elm Street" 10 out of 10. See that film. Trust me is really good. And I suggest and the sequels. There really are, when you come to think of it, not that many films that are truly frightening. The kind of film that gets under your skin and eats away at you. The kind of film that stays with you days ( and nights ) after you see it. There certainly aren't any that come to mind from the 90's. But along with films like Aliens the first Halloween, The Exorcist, Angel Heart, Last House On The Left and the first Texas Chainsaw Massacre, the first Nightmare is terrifying. And that is owed all to Wes Craven. The sequels of this film are really trash and that is because Robert Shaye may be a good business man but he certainly does not know how to see to it that The Nightmare series stayed it's course and kept viewers on the edge of their seat. The sequels became more comedic than scary and even though Freddy had a personality in the first one, he was still more diabolical and evil than he was funny. More Lon Chaney than Jerry Lewis. But the first one has every element in it to keep you scared beyond belief.This film is iconic in many ways. There are those that say it is dated. I beg to differ on that point. This is a film that transcends generations and expertly amalgamates gore and tension. When you think of all of the so called horror films that have come out in the last year or so, many of them try to enthrall us with buckets of blood and special effects, but they forget that with a horror film, you must have an element of fear with it. Nightmare on Elm Street captures that better than most, and is on a level with the all time greats.Fred Krueger, as we all know, was a child molester who was hunted down by the local Elm Street parents after he beat a court systems on a technicality. They trapped him in his basement and lit his house on fire and then watched him burn. Somehow he comes back and haunts their children's dreams and murders them while they sleep. This sets up the premise of the film and it is stated on the SE DVD that Craven got the idea for this film while reading a story in an Asian newspaper about kids dying in their sleep and telling their parents that they knew something bad was going to happen to them in their dreams. It is an interesting concept and because it is done to perfection here, it has now become one of the cornerstones of American horror.Wes Craven has been revitalized as a master of modern horror with his very commerically successful Scream series, and as much as I love Scream, it is horror lite when comparing it to his efforts like NOES, LHOTL and The Hills Have Eyes. Those films, and Nightmare in particular, revolutionized ther horror genre. Nightmare on Elm Street is his best film and if you forget how truly scary the film is after viewing all of the inferior comedic sequels (with the exception of the last) view this one. Freddy is a horror icon and he has achieved that status because he is the true definition of fear.10/10 One of the 10 best horror films ever! Come to Freddy!! A nightmare on elm street has always been and will always be my favorite horror movie of all time. But not just because it is an amazing movie, but also because it is the movie that really got me interested in movies, especially in horror movies. If i'd have to criticize anything, it'd be some of the acting. The acting in the movie is actually good except for Heather, who plays Nancy. She was decent, but i think the could have been better. But of course Robert Englund plays Freddy in this movie, who is my personal favorite horror movie villain of all time. Just the idea of some haunting you and trying to kill you in your dreams is terrifying. And of course he looks awesome. I think the characters in general are extremely likable and you really don't want them to die. But when someone dies it is really has an impact on you because first of all we don't want them to die and second of all the death scenes are really well made. This movie has one of the most iconic deaths in horror history and some of the most iconic moments in horror history. For example Freddy's hand coming out of the bathtub. Also i love the ending to this movie. Of course i don't want to spoil anything, so i'll just say that i love the ending. I know Wes Craven actually wanted to have a different ending, and yes i would've preferred the ending that he was planning on putting into the movie, but i still love the ending that we got. So, this movie is not only one of my favorite horror moves of all time, it is one of my favorite movies of all time. I can watch this movie over and over again and it just never gets boring. The cast is overly good in my opinion and Craven introduced us to not only one of the best and most iconic villains of all time, but also to Jonny Depp. This is an absolute masterpiece and of course i'll give a 10 out of 10. The friends Tina (Amanda Wyss) and Nancy (Heather Langenkamp) have a similar nightmare about a mysterious man who has "finger Knives". When Tina is mysteriously murdered, her boyfriend Rod (Nick Corri) is accused but there aren't concrete proves and Nancy begins to relate all to that man of her nightmares. Soon she will discover the truth about that man and will be in danger during her nightmares.Here's a terrific horror classic that introduces one of the greatest and most famous villains, not only in the horror genre but also in the entire Cinema history. Fred Krueger is his name and he is back to end with those who were saved. The plot is really good with suspense every minute and a terrific atmosphere. I love how this film use the sensation of a nightmare that we feel like it was real, a sensation that all of us have experience sometime, to create a great horror atmosphere. In this case is really terrifying for Nancy to awake with proves that her nightmares are real. But she is a very brave girl; I love how she, after realizing that nobody is going to help her, becomes an expert to can elaborate a really brilliant plan. In the end we have the beginning of an endless story that, until now, has about seven films and counting.Cast: all the young actors did a good job. Is funny to see Johnny Depp in his first film as Nancy's boyfriend. Robert Englund is the memorable Fred Krueger, definitely a terrific villain even with funny scenes. Remember the "I'm your boyfriend now, Nancy". Conclusion: It's a fact, right now we make fun of it, that my cousin doesn't want to sleep after watching this film when he was about 7 years old. Nowadays this film is not so impressive for young audiences because it doesn't have any gore but this is a perfect horror film that creates a terrific atmosphere full of suspense because of a magnificent villain that becomes more interesting and at the same time more terrifying when his past is reveal. Definitely "A Nightmare on Elm Street" is a film that you should watch at midnight to see if you can sleep after. I could so I think you will too.PS: I also recommend the parody/tribute of the Simpsons with Willie as Krueger; appears in the "Treehouse of Horror VI". A Nightmare on Elm Street has to be my favorite horror franchise of all time! Definitely would recommend! It's got a amazing story line, directed by Wes Craven who sadly passed away on August 30th 2015, alongside the amazing acting behind Freddy Kruger, Robert Englund. a nightmare on elm street 1984 is a horror classic. one of the most original horror films ever made. released at a time where slasher films were growing tiresome a nightmare on elm street revitalized the sub genre. Friday the 13th was up to it's third sequel and Halloween had already released it's second sequel. many other slasher films had been released and they all followed the template set in stone by Friday the 13th and Halloween. the sub genre was on life support and desperately needed a shot of adrenaline. so along came a little low budget film called A nightmare on elm street directed by Wes Craven. while a nightmare on elm street does stay true to the tropes that make a slasher film, it does so in a refreshing way (at the time of release) in terms of it's premise and the plot structure. the concept of a killer that haunts your dreams relentlessly and doesn't stop until he's killed you is a terrifying experience. if you die in your dreams you die in the real world. this allows Craven to utilize near unlimited creativity. the most frightening part though is that sleep is a must. there truly is no escape from this menacing evil so the level of impending doom is huge. just the way the director toys with your mind and plays around with whether the characters in the film have fallen asleep or not is brilliant. the amount of creativity that is put into the dream sequences and special FX is astounding. it truly delivers some of the most memorable and intense scares ever. the atmosphere is very dark and.. well.. dream-like. its a very unique and spooky atmosphere to say the least. along with a very sinister and mysterious dream demon named Freddy Krueger this movie is a real treat. although done on a small budget the film's FX are top notch and are very creative. as for the acting, most of it is not that bad. the final girl and Robert Englund are of coarse the head of the show and they carry the film with some memorable and standout performances. the script is also very good for the budget they had and it has many classic scenes of terror that will never leave my mind. but considering Wes craven is the director id assume we all knew the plot and script would be great. the only other thing I can say is definitely check out this one. whether you like slasher films, psychological horror, cool FX and some bloody mayhem, or just horror in general.. this is one that you must see at all costs! the only downside for me was the very end. I guess by that point in time most of the budget was gone and they had to fix up an ending with whatever they had left but it was still alright. i excuse the very tiny issues and consider this film a perfect horror film. the verdict: 10/10 A Nightmare on Elm Street is a great film with a wonderful agenda: it's a horror film that takes place in the realm of nightmares, which gives your imagination a lot to work with once you go to sleep after watching it.Robert Englund is terrifying as the cruel sadist Freddy Krueger. His costume design and make-up is unmatched by any of the other slasher icons, and he is matched perhaps only by Nosferatu's Count Orlock in terms of character design.This film really gets under your skin and gives you some serious nightmares. To this day, I have the occasional Freddy Krueger dream and they vary in levels of scariness. But this is a real testament to the film's ability to get under your skin and really bother you. I consider this a must for anyone looking for a good scare. The Movie: I can still remember the first time I saw this one! And from that day became my favorite movie for life! The movie refreshes the genre, witch was exploring at the time the slasher sub-genre. It launched a new kind of slasher, who talks, teases and could kill his victims in their sleep! We always wonder what would happen if we die in our dreams, well, a nightmare on elm street answer that question in the most macabre way. The cast is fabulous, starting with the villain Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund from Eaten Alive and V), the heroin Nancy Thompson (Heather Langenkamp)and the beginning of a amazing actor witch plays Glen (Johnny Depp), the heroin's boyfriend. Wes Craven's work is one in a lifetime, the effects are amazing, making this movie looked like it was big budget production. The short amount of money, makes a Nightmare on Elm Street the ultimate Classic of the modern age, and Makes Freddy Krueger the most loved villain since Darth Vader. All the energy spent with the will of wanting to make this movie is felt during the hole time.The sequels: Well, as usually, if the formula works it will comeback for more! In this case, the numbers of sequels is a little bit too much for the character Freddy Krueger, because sequel after sequel the character became too much of a joker, instead the sarcastic killer from the first movie. One of the biggest mistakes of New Line Cinema was as the Budget grew, we started to see more detailed Krueger's face, witch made the character more exposed and less scary. Freddy's Revenge is probably where the ambient is similar to the original, Krueger is still in the dark, half hidden by the shadows of darkness and although after the sequel it's not my favorite part, is one of my favorites. As the character started to loose the audience, new line cinema started to loose control over Freddy's character, until the creator Wes Craven came with Wes Craven's New Nightmare, refreshing the franchise. In my opinion, Freddy is dead and he should stay that way in sign of respect for what he has given to New Line Cinema! The remake news that Robert Englund is not going to play Freddy Krueger only makes us (fans) wonder that New Line Cinema couldn't care less for the importance that the character had for the studio, and if it wasn't for Freddy, Lord of The Rings would probably be made by another studio. Freddy Made New Line big and New Line is making Freddy shrink!Long Live Freddy! A Nightmare on Elm StreetWritten and Directed by Wes Craven Review:Although Freddy Kruger is now well known as being a Comical Slasher Icon who kills Teenagers in their Dreams while giving out one-liners back in 1984 Freddy Kruger was different. He was a Scary and Creepy Character that went around killing Teenagers in their Dreams without saying any one-liners.The Character was darker in A Nightmare on Elm Street for example when you see Freddy Kruger (Or Fred Kruger as he's called in this film) you get a sense of fear and dread as he moves in for the kill because you know he's not going to do anything silly, you know he's not going to say some one-liner like "How's this for a wet Dream?" Freddy Kruger's just going to kill the Teenager but before that he's going to tease them, torment them and even gross them out by doing things like cutting his Fingers off or slicing his Chest open.Robert Englund gives a great creepy performance as Freddy Kruger, John Saxon does a great job as the caring Dad, Heather Langenkamp gives a great job as the Heroine Nancy who must become tough in order to survive her Dreams. The acting for the rest of cast is good and features a young Johnny Depp playing as Nancy's boyfriend.The music for this movie is creepy and atmospheric.The make-up effects are great and gore is satisfying.Plot: When a young Teenager named Tina keeps having recurring Dreams of a mysterious man in a Sweater and Hat wielding a Glove with Blades on she tells her friends about it. That night Tina has a sleepover, there she discovers that Nancy had the a similar Dream which involved the Mysterious Man.Later that night Tina falls asleep and encounters the Mysterious Man again, unable to awaken from her Nightmare Tina is sliced up by the Mysterious Man. The Police believe it was Tina's boyfriend, when captured by the Cops, Nancy asks him what happened. When he tells her that he had a Dream about the same man Nancy starts to suspect something is not quite right in Elm Street, after several more encounters with the Dream Stalker Nancy manages to Pull his Hat out the Dream. There she learns that the Killer's name is Fred Kruger and after a talk with her Mother she discovers his origins and understands why he's killing the Teenagers of Elm Street to get back at the Parents who burnt him to death. Nancy decides that the only way to stop Fred Kruger is to pull him out the Dream world and then kill him, but can she succeed or will Fred Kruger get the upper-hand.Overview: A Nightmare on Elm Street is a great 80's Slasher movie that should be seen, check it out and be surprised to see a more Darker and Serious Freddy Kruger. 10/10 A classic that will have a long line of descendants. All the necessary elements are there to make a blockbusting horror film, a phenomenal scary movie. It concerns teenagers that are definitely in between desire and sex, both creating and nourishing in them fear and insecurity. The main characters are girls who are even more insecure and more fragile in their sexual fantasms and fears. Then the film systematically blurs the limits between reality and dream, reality and nightmare. It is one fundamental human fear that has been with humanity since the first homo sapiens ever appeared on this earth : the fear that what you imagine or just plain see in your mind may be just as real, even if virtual, as reality. Virtual reality is the other side of the living coin and it is so simple to toss it over. Then you get into smaller elements like underground airless and lightless corridors. Nerverending furnaces that leak and steam around. Snakes, bugs and other creepy crawly monsters. Then the film can center its focusing eye onto the essential element that is going to shine bright on the background of fearful and frightening people and objects. It is the four long razor sharp metallic claws or nails that this Fred Krueger wears on his right hand. This handful of claws, this handful of expanded and deadly nails is the ultimate fear in itself : the hand that can crush you, choke you, strangle you, seize you, grab you, etc. The claws that can tear, cut, scratch, perforate, and do so many other actions. Then you just have to add some blood, some metallic shine, some rust, and some sharp sound and the trap is ready and your soul can fall in the hole and it does at the bottom of a bathtub or in the middle of a bed. Then the film is a neverending story I watched "A nightmare on Elm Street" last night and...Oh my God,how good it is! I thought "Where were I earlier?!". It is good in spite of its age. As we all know, old films - good films. Believe me, I have seen a lot of horror films and I think that "A nightmare on Elm Street" is worth attention. You know,I can confess that there were some times which made my heart to beat intensively than theretofore. I was surprised how professionally actors were acting in spite of the fact that it was the first time for Johnny Depp! The plot was intense and I love it. There is one feature of good horror film - restlessness about characters. And You know, when I was watching this film, You don't know how much I was worrying about them, especially about Nancy. "What's now? No,Freddy, don't!" and so on... Second feature of good film is unexpected ending. I really didn't expect an ending like this. Actually sound effects and soundtracks were better than I expected! Wes Craven made a masterwork. I watched "A nightmare on Elm Street" (2010) few years ago and I didn't like it at all because it's plagiarism, cheap copy of old, but fantastic film! Anyway let's talk about "A nightmare on Elm Street" (1984). I didn't waste my time, I'll tell about this film for all my friends. So, let's hurray for this masterwork, for all actors and for director, because this film is a classic! This movie makes you realize why so many other movies fail to be scary...not enough psychological elements. What this movie does right is that it skips the gore, and blood, and over-the-top overacting crazed lunatics that seem the norm in horror movies.I saw this with a friend in the theater and 10 minutes in we were sinking into our chairs with fear. Not even the annoying teens making their phones ring to scare their friends (when you see the movie you will understand why) were a powerful enough distraction to undo the terror we felt.Definitely see it, make sure you have as big a TV as you can get your hands on when you rent it, and that you watch it at night in the dark...if you want the full effect. Also, make sure you rent it on DVD and NOT cassette...you know, just to be safe ;) The Ring usually gets a bad rep for being "too slow" and some people even say that "nothing happens" in the movie. Unless you have ADD or something, you have to at least appreciate what Gore Verbinski achieved in 2002. What he did was he basically took the premise of Ringu, a good suspenseful Japanese horror flick and made it more suspenseful and filled with creepy visuals.I am a huge horror fan, and this is one of the movies that unsettles me the most. The suspenseful pace, the incredible, beautiful but haunting visuals make this a unique experience. I love gory films, but this one relies a lot more on psychological horror and imagery to create scares. No jump scares, just good story telling.The movie may not answer all the questions it creates, but the viewer, if he pays attention accordingly, will be able to figure them out for himself. Unsettling to the bone, The Ring is one of my favorite horror films of all time. Truly underrated. Before I saw The Ring, I used to think of horror movies as something about a supernatural (sometimes not supernatural) force that gobbles up people in bizarre series of deaths usually accompanied by blood and gore. Maybe I ought to blame it on my own selection of movies. But I realized that horror movies can have a deep and a decent story line after seeing The Ring.The Ring is an adaptation of the Japanese movie Ringu. Ringu is a well respected horror movie. Rather than call The Ring as an adaptation I would prefer calling it as an improvisation of Ringu. For I have seen both movies and in my personal opinion the producers of The Ring have made the story a bit deeper and of course with the music and special effects scarier.A particular thing worth mentioning is the work done by the child actor David Dorfman (playing the role of Aidan). My personal opinion is that he has done a very good job. And Ehren Kruger, in his script for the movie has given a major role to Aidan as opposed to lesser important role given to Aidan's Japanese counterpart.Full credit to the Ring's makers for a very fine adaptation of the original Ringu. And yes, a small word of advice for those who have not seen the real Daveigh Chase (playing Samara). After seeing this movie, do look up on the net for a picture of hers and make the comparison! And do try and watch Ringu as well. A very respectable movie indeed.A good story, nice scares, decent acting and smooth direction! Enjoy the movie! This movie is great. Im on a bit of a revisit of horror this month... being stuck inside and all. This is one of my favorites. Rachel (Naomi Watts) is a journalist who investigates a mysterious video tape that purportedly kills its viewer 7 days after watching it. The Ring is an American adaptation of the Japanese horror film Ringu. Following the success of this movie, it spawned its own sequel and introduced the Western audience to J-horror adaptations, notably The Grudge. There's intense tension, scares and mood developed in this film that are still palpable every time you watch. In doing so, director Gore Verbinski shapes a timely narrative about communal disconnect, modern alienation and the all-conquering power of technology with this adaptation. Naomi Watts delivers a superb performance as Rachel and I'm so glad it propelled her into mainstream consciousness. Martin Henderson too is equally on form as Noah, her confidant.No matter how many times I've seen it, I enjoy watching this film. The Ring is a classic horror film of the 2000s, if not 'the' classic horror film of the 2000s. THE RING is my favorite horror movie of all time for many reasons. It is a remake of an excellent Japanese horror film named RINGU. I love both films and own both DVDs. Now since there are so many reasons why I love THE RING, I'll organize all the things I love and the very few things I would change about this brilliant and creepy film. But first let me give you a short version of the plot: after the death of her niece, investigative journalist, Rachael Keller finds a strange tape that her niece apparently watched one week before her death. The rumor behind the tape is that if you watch it, you will die seven days later.THE INTRO: The introduction to this film is very smart. At first it seems like a cheesy teenage slasher flick. But that my friends is a trick. After about 3 minuets into the film you realize just how mature and suspenseful of a film this really is.THE CHARACTERS: The characters of THE RING are great. Rachael Keller is the perfect journalist. She's very inquisitive and smart; she certainly does allot in this movie and keeps the plot going. Also Rachael Keller is a great mother; she puts her own life in danger so she may save her son. Noah Clay is sort of a comic relief, he's sarcastic and stubborn but is also very smart. Noah helps Rachael solve the mystery of the cursed tape. Aidan Keller is the son or Rachael Keller, Aidan is quiet and wise beyond his years, he was very close with his cousin before she died a mysterious and horrible death. The character list goes on so I'll skip ahead to the villain. Samara Morgan is the antagonist in this film, and boy what a villain. The secret to Samara's past is a sad and brutal one, which would explain the things she does through out the film.THE STYLE OF HORROR: I love horror films like THE RING. THE RING is very unique in it's style, it is filmed like an Asian horror film; full of flash backs, creepy imagery, nightmares, mysteries, and hallucinations. It's very bizarre and surreal at times, which isn't very out of place since this is a supernatural horror/thriller. If you ask anyone who has scene THE RING "which scene do you remember the most?" they'll probably tell you "the closet scene!". This is referring to the 2 seconds of footage of Katie, dead in the closet. This scene is the biggest jump scene in the film. There are a lot of different types of scares in this film; jump scares, suspense, shocks, chills, and intense terror! WHAT I WOULD CHANGE: There is very little I would actually change about this brilliant horror film. In fact, there is only one scene, the climax. I guess I would like one that's a bit longer. The climax in this film is still satisfying but I definitely wouldn't mind a longer one.THE ATMOSPHERE: Atmosphere is something I highly prize in any film, but especially in horror films. It's industrial in some places and fantasy-like in others but it's always tinted green or blue. It's almost always raining and the settings are all very nice. The settings go from Seattle to the forests of Washington to a fictional island and beyond.In conclusion I would like to once again say that this is my personal favorite horror film of all time. I highly recommend this movie to any one with intelligence and an imagination. THE RING is an amazing horror movie, a cult favorite now and a cult classic in the future, a blockbuster, and so much more. The critics loved it and so will you, trust me. After her niece and three of her niece's friends mysteriously die on the same night, at the same time, but in different circumstances, reporter Rachel Keller (Naomi Watts), hears the rumors of a video that when seen, "curses" the viewer so that they die in 7 days. She investigates the phenomenon with the aid of her ex, Noah Clay (Martin Henderson). They end up seeing the video. Can they figure out a solution in time?For my money, although the Japanese "original" upon which this film is based, Ringu (1998), is worth watching, this Gore Verbinski-directed U.S. version is superior in many ways, having none of the flaws but all of the assets and then some.I'm going to do something unusual and examine the differences between the two films by detailing just a portion of one scene present in both. I think the examination reveals why the U.S. film is superior. The scene is the tail end of the opening, which results in a death. Here's how it goes in Ringu: Tomoko Oishi's (Yuko Takeuchi) television mysteriously turns on to a baseball game as she's looking inside the refrigerator. She looks up, above the door, surprised. We get a reverse shot. We can see the television through frosted glass in the next room. A steadicam follows her from behind, peeking around the corner with her. We cut back to her face, which is relatively expressionless. We go back to a rear shot and see her walk to the remote and shut off the television. She turns around and walks back to the kitchen, pouring herself a drink. We cut to a lower-angled closer shot. We hear a noise. A subtle fear crosses her face. She trembles. Cut to a close shot from over her shoulder. Suddenly, she turns around, frightened. The frame freezes and quickly turns a blue/gray-tinted "negative" color. Here's how it goes in The Ring: Katie Embry (Amber Tamblyn) is in the kitchen, just about to drink, when the television turns on by itself to static. She stops dead in her tracks, her glass just barely touching her lips. Cut to a close up of her slowly turning her head and looking at the television, horrified. Almost achingly slowly, the camera creeps around the corner to show us the television. We see Katie look for any sign of an intruder. She sees the remote on the chair, but no one is around. She hurriedly shuts off the television, then walks away, trying to rationalize the event. Before she can get out of the room, the television turns on again. She stops again and turns even slower. The camera slowly creeps into a medium shot of Katie, with the television and its static reflected in a pane of glass. She runs over and puts her face right next to the television. We see this from a fantastically skewed angle, which distorts the television screen, sticking one end right in our face. We get an insert of Katie yanking the plug. Sparks shoot out. Back to the skewed angle, but now the screen is blank. We circle around slightly. Suddenly there's a noise from the kitchen. Katie gasps and turns around. Slowly, she peeks into the kitchen, just in time to see the refrigerator door open by itself. She runs to shut it, now breathing heavily. She mutters to herself and begins looking around with a very subtle panic on her face. As she quickly turns towards the hallway, the camera rapidly changes focus. We cut to an interesting overhead angle on the stairway. Katie appears, peeking around the corner. She calls for her friend Becca. She trots up the stairs. We cut to a beautiful, extremely low angle of the upstairs hallway, which exaggerates the perspective. As we see Katie reach the top of the stairs, we also see water slowly flowing into the hall from beneath a door. The camera stays at the low angle until Katie reaches the water. We cut to a close up. She's scared and bewildered, then trembling. We get an extreme close up of the door handle as her hand comes gradually into the focal range. She grabs the handle. Another close-up of her face. Cut to the interior of the room--her bedroom. Katie flings open the door, horrified. With a series of extremely fast cuts, we see a snippet of the Ring video on the television set in her bedroom. Cut back to Katie. A super fast zoom to her distorted, horrific face. Then back to the Ring video in a series of quick cuts, before the entire screen goes to static.The point here isn't that the U.S. version is longer. Rather, it's to exemplify the attention to craft, from technical to emotional aspects. Verbinski's pacing is much more deliberate and varied, creating intense suspense. Bojan Bazelli's cinematography is breathtakingly beautiful. There is an obsession with details, from those that integrate and propel the story to those that are artistically striking. The construction is much more complex, but every shot is analyzed for relevance. Every angle exists for a reason. The ornate aesthetics amp up the effect of the story. This approach isn't unique to the opening scene, but occurs throughout the film, including the famed "Ring video" itself. The music is also better here, and is better integrated into the film. The performances are excellent, with Aidan Keller (David Dorfman) just as creepy and disturbing as the antagonist, Samara Morgan (Daveigh Chase). As would be expected for U.S. audiences, Verbinski includes a lot more exposition in his film, working in explanatory material from Ringu 2 as well as new material exploring Samara's history. It works well here, as the story is much tighter. Everything eventually fits together like pieces of a puzzle, and it gives the Ring video and the varied settings of the film more relevance. This is the horror movie with different kinds of idea to horrify you....through video tape... and the video that was kn the tape itself was very creepy and scary.... I first saw The Ring in 2006 while house sitting alone one evening. After seeing it in their DVD collection I decided to watch it to overcome boredom.Without really saying anything about the movie, it was a very disturbing experience all the way through, and after it finished I realized I had made a mistake to watch it alone in the dark at night for the first time. It was the most terrifying horror movie I had ever seen, with psychological effects lingering hours and days later. I was unprepared for what this film was about, which is why it affected me very deeply and I needed time to recover. I've watched it a few times since, and while the experience isn't as impacting as the first time, it's still an effective psychological film.This type of horror is definitely not for everyone though, because it's a rare moment of cinematic excellence that can really affect the viewer. With that said though, the filmmaker and crew did an excellent job. I never encountered a film like this before or since, and even compared to the original Japanese film, Ringu, The Ring wins hands down.I had hoped other films would raise or surpass the bar this film set. But in 15 years I've yet to see it. As a result, I believe this film will continue to remain among the best horror films of all time. This is the first movie that truly terrified me, I couldn't even finish it completely when it first came out.The movie is filled with bizarre visuals and amazing effects. Also, it has a beautiful atmospheric tone to the entire thing. A blue-ish hue with rainy/foggy weather. It really sets the tone.What a beautiful movie. This stunning American adaptation of Japanese novel "Ringu" bucks the horror movie trends of jump-scares and torture porn in favor of creepy, muted atmospherics and hypnotic psychological chills. Director Gore Verbinski and screenwriter Ehren Kruger move the setting to Seattle and the San Juan Islands, which Verbinski films in gorgeous, washed-out grays and greens occasionally punctuated by sunlight and blood, both of which are used sparingly. The effect is to make the film seem almost black & white, like the videocassette recording that kills you a week after you watch it. Naomi Watts leads a superb cast as the journalist investigating the unexplained death of her niece and perfectly combines both the grit and determination of an intrepid reporter and the growing fear and desperation of a mother trying to protect her child from a malevolent force she can't completely grasp. Happily, the movie doesn't try to wrap everything up in a neat package -- it gives you enough information for its central themes and mysteries to resonate hauntingly, but doesn't try to explain away every last detail. I dare you to watch this movie and not be afraid of your own TV a week forward. Or at least look at it with caution. As if it would betray you. As if you are afraid to happen to see something you shouldn't have seen.It doesn't matter how many times i see this movie, the atmosphere of it gives me the chills every time. The performance is flawless from everyone involved. It does not rely on cheap jump scares or shaky cam or the recent find footage trick. The find footage in the movie is actual find footage and is important to the story. Many horror-movies tried to copy its formula for the years to come. Iwould say that even paranormal activity was inspired by it. All fails to comparison to the ring. Only one that came close was the grudge.I've never seen the original Japanese version, but I never felt the need to do so after watching the remake, simply because I was satisfied and scared at the same time. A movie 12 years old that still captures you in the moment and gives you the chills. Thats an achievement! It's 12:31 am right now, and i just got back from seeing "The Ring". The movie scared the living crap out of me. The imagery and presentation was terrifying, and I may never sleep again! That being, the movie was masterful. Definately a must see.... if you don't like sleep, that is. The best thing about THE RING - and there's a lot of good things in it - is that this is a horror film that doesn't insult your intelligence. Forget about that "don't go in that dark place/open the door to the creepy axe-murderer" kind of thing. You won't get any of that here, I promise.Basically, this is a story "à la Sherlock Holmes": there's a murder (actually 4 murders). In comes Rachel Keller (Naomi Watts), the aunt of one of the victims. On the day of her niece's funeral, she meets some of the teenager's friends that tell Rachel about this tape. Rachel's also a journalist and starts investigating the murders on her own. The clues will soon bring her to the possession of the accursed tape. She watches it. Then, everything gets really creepy.The photography is superb! The movie has a greyish hue all over it, making the story even more brooding and menacing. The setting is Seattle, a city already plagued by near constant cloudy and rainy weather. You get the feeling that Verbinsky's been watching a lot of Ingmar Bergman and Kubrik as inspiration. The shots, during the wake, with Aidan framed by the corridors and staircase reminded me o "The Shinning"; also, the way time goes by is very much "shinningish".The plot takes us through the investigation, as we watch Rachel Keller putting together the pieces around this puzzling death. At the same time, she has to come to grips with her child - Aidan, who never calls her "mum" - and her estranged ex-boyfriend, Noah.When finally Rachel puts the puzzle together, it still doesn't make sense. We can't understand how did that tape got recorded in the first place. This was the reason some people criticized the film, but it goes to show that sometimes you don't need to show everything. Suffice to say that the murderer is not human.Kudos to the director and the crew, and also for superb performances all around. This film has a great dramatic depth and a lot of character development, even though the story centres more on the investigation than the synergies between characters. The plot goes around the mystery, with great editing. This movie has to be an ultimate classic, the way that they used an innocent girl and made into a grungy well crawler was magnificent. When I was watching I could see the genius at work, the close ups of Samara's ripped fingernail beds, and her water logged toes. Oh and don't forget the tape! The disturbing objects in her "loft" and the insects were just the best cinematography I probably I have seen in my life. Also the fuzzy television was lovely, and killing people by scaring them, brings a new freshness into the movie world. I just have to say that no movie makes me want to be smothered and pushed down a well like this one!!! Samara Morgan will become one of the classic horrifying murderers with her counterparts: Michael Meyers, Jason, Freddy Krueger, and Leather Face. Everyone should experience this amazing work, it is the best I have seen in years. All I want to say is that wearing a stained white gown and having Maryjane's that are too tight is the hottest look, of the season, can you say Fall 2008! This Movie is life changing and everyone should see it before you die! 7 days! It seems as if every decade needs an iconic horror figure. Be it the 1970's Alien, 1980's Freddy Krueger or the 1990's I Know Why You Screamed Last Summer at the Scary Movie thingy. Come the first decade of the 2000's and you get Samara  the creepy, crawling, neglected young girl who haunts people through video tapes and slithers out of TV screens.The effective 2002 American remake to the Japanese hit strikes a chord every time I watch it and still gives me the Willies every time I re-watch it on cable or DVD. It's a healthy mixture between thrillers and horror films, serving chilling delights for its target audiences on each and every twist and turn. It's almost hard to believe that the charming 17-year-old Daveigh Chase is also the girl behind the voice of Lilo & Stitch's Lilo. That thought alone scares more than this wonderfully horrific must-see ever will.Anyways, this film is highly recommended, but don't try watching it alone (or answering the phone while you're at it). If you love to be scared silly without any vulgarity or gore, this is a great film to turn to. I am an avid horror movie fan and I just ADORE this movie. Horror movies don't usually scare me, but after viewing this one I couldn't sleep for a week. And since it is basically clean except for a little language here and there and some scary images, anybody above the age of maybe 10-12, depending on if they scare easily, could see this film (maybe more or less.)The film revolves around Rachel, who finds a mysterious tape that supposedly kills anyone who watches it a week after viewing it. When she watches it, she has just one week to find out how to break the deadly curse. Worst of all is that her son Aidan and Noah, her ex husband, father of Aidan, have also viewed it. But with the help of Noah, she is determined to put a stop to this once and for all.I give this movie a 10/10 rating, because it creeps me out in a classy, psychological way, rather than gross and unnecessary things. You really start to care for the characters and find yourself not able to stop watching until the chilling end of this great chilling film. Before you die...You see The Ring:This is the most creepy scary movie I've seen in the last years.I had nightmares for quite a long time,this movie is definitely breath taking and i don't get scared easy,not at all.I loved the plot,the acting, the characters,especially Samara and the end is really good too.Definitely its totally worth see it,but don't even bother if you you are only interested in silly and bloody cliché serial killers movie type.The Ring contains one of the most terrifying scenes I've ever seen and I'm not gonna tell you which one of course just in case you didn't see it yet.The ring totally rocks and i cant wait to see the sequel in about 3 weeks and to see Samara in action again.Bravooooo For those of you who feel all high and mighty because you've seen Ringu and think it's better than The Ring, how would you like to know that The Ring is not even based on Ringu! If some of you would do some simple research or at least watch the other films that have come before The Ring, you'll see that a Japanese film named Ring Virus (or Ring) is almost identical to The Ring, far more so than Ringu. Ringu has a lot of differences in comparison to The Ring, but Ring Virus and The Ring share a virtually identical plot and characters.And at that, i'd like to say they are both superb films! The Ring does a great job at what it's supposed to do - scare the **** out of you. It's a psychological thriller and provides a compelling enough story to drag you in if you let it. As for some of the cultural translations needed to make Samara - a character that is shrouded in Japanese folklore and phenomena - truly horrifying, I think the American version couldn't have done a better job. While some give The Ring the cold shoulder with questions and confusion, I think it's important to come to movies like this expecting things you shouldn't be able to understand or ask questions about. It's called imagination. Suspended disbelief.And if you're really that curious about how Samara can make images appear on videotapes or make phone calls from a well, you can look into it for yourself.The best thing about The Ring is the more you watch it, the more fascinating and terrifying it really is. Having seen the Japanese version,its tempting to compare the two. But I prefer to think of them as two parallel stories in the same world. Which you prefer, is up to you. Honestly, for me, its this one.It starts with your classic Slasher scene: Two teenage girls in a big empty house basically outline what to expect in the coming movie. But before that scene is over, its clear that this movie defies expectations. More than that, it manipulates them.The imagery in it is really chilling. I'm talking insomnia inducing. Ever scene is surgically crafted to freak the hell outta you, and boy does it work. Our every fear is manipulated (long painful death, claustrophobia, bugs, being forgotten.) and I defy anybody not to be shocked at a particularly brutal scene involving a horse. The film looks unique, somehow washed out and hopeless, even in broad daylight.The effects are well done, but just subtle enough so that you are never really quite sure. Did you see what you think you did? Did she really look like that? Did she make the right choice? And thats the beauty of the film. You're never quite sure about anything. The lines between the heroes and villains are very blurred. And the one time you are sure, you're then proved very wrong.But the movie is really made by two scenes in particular. One, is the rightly lauded "Money shot", where the...villain, I suppose, appears. I saw it 5 weeks ago, and that still freaks me out. You have to see it to believe.The other is the last scene: Poignant, moving, and somehow the most horrifying of the whole film.Don't go alone. Or perhaps it would be best... I loved it, Samara has made a new horror icon for me. The Ring is so much better then Ringu! What was really scary about it, was when some of the scenes struck without any warning! Man ! When I watched it it gave me the chills and also, whenever the phone rang after I watched the movie, I always jumped and got those flashbacks !Oh God I even brought the movie, but in my opinion, The Ring was better than The Ring two. Because the first one was more creepy, more real. And no doubt about it that The Ring was better than Ringu!!! The video tapes were totally different, like The Ring had more scenes and details, but in Ringu shows like six scenes. Come on people!!!! This is Hollywood!! Let's just get right to the point. The Ring is the scariest horror film I have seen in 20 years. Horror has been enjoying a healthy revival since 1996 when Scream got everyone interested in horror again. That is a good thing. What isn't so good is some of the cheap crap that has come out since then. For every film like The Sixth Sense and Blair Witch, you have a plethora of other films that have no idea what true horror is really about. Too many film makers think the best thing to do with horror is make a rockin' hardcore soundtrack and give us buckets of blood because this disguises the fact that most of them can't pace a film or invoke true chills. Gore Verbinski's The Ring returns to the roots of horror and pays homage to the early greats like Halloween and Psycho but almost goes a step past the greats, not quite but almost.The Ring does something that only a handful of horror films have done, and that is it stays in your subconscious hours and days and weeks after you watch the film. Gore Verbinski and Ehren Krueger have combined to make a masterpiece of modern horror that goes beyond anything that has come out for the last twenty years. This film is that good. For a guy who grew up loving films like Halloween and Nightmare on Elm Street, I have been yearning for a film like this. A film that not only is a great scary film but a film that is a pure kinetic experience, one that makes me look behind me at my silent television sitting in the corner of the room. Is Samara there? When my radio begins to go haywire and search for stations on its own, is that Samara? This film gets inside of you and stays there. But it eats away at you like the nightmares that Malcolm McDowell is forced to watch in A Clockwork Orange. It attacks your mind and berates your senses. Samara is one bad ass villain. The Ring is a masterpiece and as I have already stated, this is the best horror film to come out since 1984 when Freddy Krueger stalked us in our dreams. The Ring may have it's roots in Japanese horror, but it owes much of its pedigree to all horror greats of the past, whether they are American, Canadian, Japanese or Italian. There is a bit of it all in here and the results are kinetic.When I watch a horror film, I know it is effective when that chill comes over you. Not the kind that makes you want to put a jacket on but the kind that literally starts from the nape of the neck and goes down the beginning of your butt. It's the chill that attacks your body and tells you that you are now at the mercy of the film and nothing you see from here on out is going to be expected. That is how The Ring is. The Ring had me scared. It had me nervous and it had me thrilled. Having fear envelop you is one of the most primal emotions you can experience. The Ring is a primal movie.There are a myriad of reviews in here that will tell you how amazing this film is, you should listen to them. This is a year that has been blessed with brilliant horror. With superb efforts like Mothman Prophecies, Frailty and now The Ring, 2002 should be known as the best year for horror films since the early 80's. If you only see one horror film this year, please see The Ring. If you want to be scared, see The Ring. It is a guarantee that this film will frighten and maybe even traumatize you. If films like The Changeling, The Shining and Halloween are synonymous with horror to you, then add The Ring to your vernacular.Oh, and you will never look at your television set the same again.And one final note. There is one infamous scene in this film, near the end, and I'm sure we all know what it is, and this is one of those scenes that will stand the test of time as one of the great images in horror films. I know horror aficionadoes will recall scenes like Hitchcock's shower scene, the bouncing ball in The Changeling, Michael Myers rising in the background at the end of Halloween, the head spinning scene in Exorcist, Freddy's tongue coming out of phone in Nightmare on Elm Street and Jason's first kill wearing his hockey mask in Friday the 13th Part III just to name a few. But *****************big spoiler here if you have not scene the movie********** when Samara comes out of the T.V., that is one of the most indefeasible and primal scenes I have seen in any horror film. It shocked me and thrilled me all at once. It is an image that will never leave my mind and it is just one of a plethora of scenarios that makes the Ring such an absolute masterpiece. My favorite horror movie series. I was never bored. It has a gripping story.It's a movie where I feel my time isn't wasted. It should get a higher score. A rare remake that improves upon the original film in several ways, The Ring is a tense and terrifying experience from start to finish with a fascinating central mystery at its core. It's a slower burn that some might be accustomed to, but it gives us an exciting ticking time bomb of a situation that escalates everything - 7 days after you watch a cursed video tape, you will die. We don't know how you'll die, but from what we've seen on previous victims, it's not going to be pretty and The Ring effectively uses this to build dread and tension throughout the film. We want Rachel (Naomi Watts) to figure out how to stop this curse before it claims the life of her and her son. Very well written; decent directing, great acting. The horror isn't immature, disturbing, sinister, or cliche. It's scary in a more serious way. One of my favourite movies of all time. Easily my favourite horror. 9.5 for me. I had the pleasure of seeing an advanced screening of IT in Brisbane. The film is absolutely brilliant. Bill Skarsgård has taken Pennywise and made the role his own. Creepy, disturbing, humorous, IT really possess the creep factor, giving audiences a new reason to fear clowns. The entire casting choices were sensational. All actors really held their own, creating a sense of comradery between the characters. Like most people, I do hold the miniseries with Tim Curry close to my heart, but after seeing this adaptation, I was beyond pleasantly surprised. So much so that upon IT being released into cinemas, I'll be back in line to see it again. The brand new #ITMovie scared the heck out of me and I don't throw that around loosely because just when you thought that "Annabelle: Creation" may have set the bar for this year, bam! "IT" comes along and smashes that bar into pieces. Wow! This is one incredible horror film, everybody involved should get a congratulatory pat on the back, definitely a huge upgrade from the '90s miniseries. This is best Stephen king adaptation yet.Directed by Andy Muschietti, based on Stephen King's timeless novel of the same name, IT is set around the mysterious disappearance of children in Derry Maine, when a group of young kids will have to come face their biggest fears and square off against an eternal evil clown named Pennywise who comes around every 27 years to repeat his reign of terror. It's no secret and it's not really a spoiler that New Line and the filmmakers of this new version have planned to re-imagine this story into two installments, with the first focusing on the children and then chapter two will be about their grown up selves once again battling Pennywise. So with this first chapter, I think the timing of its arrival couldn't be more perfect especially with last year's debut of the hugely popular series, "Stranger Things" that brings up '80s childhood nostalgia while presenting mystery at the same time, "IT" offers you that same vein and I think that's OK because we haven't gotten to the point where it's played out so for the time being you're going to love that aspect about "IT." There's definitely a "Stand By Me" vibe to it as well, and the whole thing does feel episodic, at one point while screening it I didn't want it to end, it felt like I was binge-watching, it was so cool. Kudos to all the young actors featured in this film, they really hold their own and each of their characters' distinct personalities stand out. Their backstories and their process of slowly but surely coming together as some sort of a team is both honest and engaging. Now, if you've ever read Stephen King's book, "IT," you'd recall that it is a super duper thick book. You can use it as a stool to stand on for when you need to change that lightbulb. But the point is, I think the screenwriters of this new film did well in condensing the story to just the right amount of time that contains just the right mix of kids camaraderie and the horror fest that is Pennywise. And if you've watched the '90s miniseries, you'd recall how much that version held back plus the low quality practical effects that they had at the time. Well, I'm happy to tell you that this new "IT" doesn't hold back, this is Pennywise unleashed, it's practically proud of being R-rated, which is great because it allows for the scary parts to be really really scary and not second-guessing or pandering. And if you have never liked clowns before, you're going to hate clowns even more because Bill Skarsgard's performance as the new Pennywise will haunt your dreams for the next few weeks after you've watched this movie. What I appreciate about Skarsgard is that he doesn't try too hard to emulate or imitate or channel Tim Curry, Skarsgard does his own take of creepy. And because Pennywise is pretty much invincible to a certain extent, you'll see him pop up in the most unlikeliest of places meaning when you least expect him, that's when he'll scare you to your core so brace yourselves for surprises around every corner. Another reason why the timing of this movie's arrival could not be more perfect is because today's visual effects compliment Pennywise's limitless abilities and so director Andy Muschietti and his crew have the creative freedom to not only realize some of the scare points in the book but they managed to also go beyond that. "IT" goes for massive, it goes for bold, it goes for bloody, not a single boring minute, it goes for the "Goonies" fan in all of us. You will laugh, you will scream, you will have nightmares, hands down one of the best horror movies ever made. -- Rama's Screen -- The performance of Bill Skarsgård is good along with the kids performance, like Bev, Mike etc. It was super faithful to the novel, more than the 1990 miniseries and they added new scenes. So i'm going to say that i'm super impressed with this adaptation, thumbs up, oh and the makeup was super good, so again, thumbs up for that. Even though this movie didn't scare me,it was the first time I heard people scream in the audience ever. This movie was absolutely brilliant. It looked beautiful, the actors did a splendid job and this adaptation of IT really added something valuable.I do have to say that the first half of the movie didn't quite capture me, but then it just got better and it kept surprising me. This has to the best horror movie I've seen in a very long time. Being completely honest, it wasn't as scary as I expected but it was WAY better than I expected. Script, story and casting was all perfection. This movie really did the book justice. I am super excited for the next one to come out. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who may be even slightly considering going see it. I originally saw It in the theater a couple years ago and have only seen a few times since; still wasn't reviewing back then though plus preparing for the sequel. Anyway though I absolutely love clowns and this is one of my favorite horrors, I even own It in 4K! Pennywise (Bill Skarsgård) is done perfectly and the rest of cast is excellent. I wish I was interested in writing years ago maybe someone important could enjoy my opinion that's what I am hoping! Easily quote worthy and incredible soundtrack! Creepy as hell, it managed to even outdo the original, as it focused the entirety of its run time on " It " stalking and terrorising the group of kids in 1989. The cast of unknown child actors handled the fear, and humour in perfect balance, while Pennywise was even creepier than in the original. There were also a few brilliantly subtle music cues, amongst a lot of crescendosI want to see horror films return to having a physical villain ( as last year's Green Room, and Don't Breathe, as well as this film has ) rather than yet another ghost story/ supernatural/ haunting flick, like we've had seemingly never ending examples of in the past several years. Granted, this film has supernatural elements in it, but it simultaneously has an actual villain, a physical entity threatening the protagonists, which is where I hope horror films return to. Its 135-minutes long run time basically flew by quickly.The opening credits call the film, It, while the closing credits call the film, It Chapter One. The Cult, my all time favourite band, are on the soundtrack, also. Fifteen minutes in, we hear about thirty seconds of Love Removal Machine I watched the original but didn't take the notice I should of when watching to compare both movies, but then again I don't need to - this movie is its own perfect thing without being judged with the old TV Movie. It might be a remake (ish) but it is own thing completely, even though it's a remake! So watch this with or without the knowledge of the original. I originally thought they were going to show the young child being taken without any blood, but when watching it I thought it was setting the scene throughout the whole movie and showing the blood like they did was perfect, and kind of shockingly good, and the time they took on the same scene was amazingly longer than the last one. I loved how they showed each character ion their home place and struggles without having each person there to join along, because we needed to see them and how they react and work with their struggles after being through them for a while, and that is without pennywise being involved. Then bringing them all together to find out, 'wait we are going through the same thing'. This happens very shortly into the movie, sooner than I thought but made it fit in perfectly. And they gave them enough time to go through all the hard times as a group to break up and get back together to make it in good time for the end of the movie. And the ending wasn't fast, it had its own phase and took its time to make everything fit in and make sense, which makes sense it did perfectly. They also made it perfectly to put in - chapter 2, which the only thing you will wish for in chapter 2 is they explain where IT came from for this movie franchise and not go the extreme like the book/Stephen King does. As much as this is a remake they make it perfect for the 21 century so I hope they do the same thing with Pennywise's background but make it not too extreme and understandable To preface this, I have read the book AND I am terrified of clowns. That being said, if you are expecting a shot for shot recreation of the book, you will be let down. However, do not let that deter you from watching what I can only describe as not just a movie, but an experience. I truly believe that Muschietti directed a perfect screen adaptation of the book."IT" revolves around the mystery of the township of Derry, Maine where every 27 years since its founding, fatal accidents occur and people go missing. It is now 1989 and kids are disappearing once again. It is up to one group of kids to face their nightmares and fend off the evil responsible for the tragedies, Pennywise the Dancing Clown. Again, if you have read the book, then you know that these group of kids will face off against Pennywise again in their adulthood. However, the way the filmmakers have gone about creating this is to split the story into two chapters with the first one being what we have now: childhood. For this installment, I cannot see another cast in place for the children that were in this film. You get to see all personalities in this group of misfits and the actors portraying them really made their characters individually stand out in their own unique way. And this was a KEY aspect to the overall flow of this film. Bill Skarsgård's representation of Pennywise is also incredibly masterful and is key to the atmosphere this film sets up.For all of you Goonies fans out there, this movie will really have you reminiscing. IT is advertised as a horror film, and it definitely is (trust me, I screamed several times but again, I'm terrified of clowns so your mileage may vary). However, I think many people who come in expecting to get full on scare factor are missing the whole point of this adaptation. Growing up is scary and everyone has fears. Some people, like me, are scared of clowns. Others may have lived through (or currently are living through) traumatizing experiences and those memories haunt them. Whatever your fears may be, at some point or another, you will have to face them - and that is EXACTLY what happens in this film.The way the cinematography is paced is a perfect representation of the whole concept of facing your fears and working through them in the company of support and people you trust. In the first hour of the film, you are pummeled with what feels like a montage of scary scenes. You have no idea what you will be expecting to see, but you know something is coming due to the ominous camera work and the eerie music that kicks in. And every single time, you get worked up and anxious about what is going to happen. Then, as the movie goes on and everyone's fears are peaking, an extremely climactic scare happens just as everyone in the film is most vulnerable. All the characters have just had to face their biggest fears once. They are all getting together to discuss what happened and an absolute nightmare of a scare happens. Now, a decision needs to be made: the kids can run from their fears or face them head on.Without adding too many other spoilers, I will just give my cents on some big lessons this film keeps simmering under the guise of horror. First of all, if you choose to run away from your fears, they will still exist and will keep coming back. Once you start facing them, you can start to empower yourself to continue to fight. Second of all, when you do face your fears, you might not win the first time (or the second, or third, etc.). What is important is that you realize there is an end goal that can be reached if you don't stop fighting. And lastly, it's that sometimes, your fears and demons may require some help - and that is okay! With the true support of those you trust, you can start to gain ground on the problem and work towards a goal....Okay one last spoiler (just because this was the main factor why I thought the movie was more of an experience than a simple film). When you watch IT, keep track of how scared you are at the beginning versus at the end. With other horror films, I have found myself in fear and anxiety almost constantly throughout the entire film. However, with this film, I noticed that as it went on, certain things became less scary as they were happening. Interestingly enough, the children in the film were also in the midst of fighting their fears and were becoming less scared. I'm not sure if this was just a sole experience for me, but regardless, I think this was intentionally done with what is incredible writing, acting, and filming all combined.To conclude, if you loved Stranger Things, The Goonies, or Stand By Me, you will love IT. If you are on the fence about watching this film because you "don't do scary movies", do not let that prevent you from watching IT. The horror is very tolerable (and I am a very timid person). You should go for what is a really well put together plot and expression of it. Man, was Bill good in that role! Go watch it for his presence alone. His acting and make-up got me terrified, during the movie. The effects were cool as well. A very good and scary adaptation of the original film. Yeah, the ending was a bit flat, but don't judge it because of the last 15-20 min. Up until then this movie is a horror gem! 10/10! The thing i didn't expect was, that it actually was a very long movie and every bit of it was scary. That alone contributed to build-up fear into the audience, which i guess was the point. When you have a few chilling or scary moments in a movie, that is cool, but it does not leave a long-lasting impression after you've seen the movie. That movie does the opposite and it succeeds triumphantly! Can't wait for part 2! The movie was not your typical "crap your self horror movie" that keeps you awake at night although it was a great movie in general. Skarsgård was amazing as "Pennywise" and the the rest of the acting was pretty good as well. The actual movie had a well written script and great actors/actresses. One problem with the movie, way too much unnecessary swearing from the kids. Overall great movie 10/10 IT is one of the best horrors of the last 10 years in my opinion. Using many different camera angles to draw fright Andrés Muschietti really tries to make IT a visual feast. At times the CGI is a letdown, with many of the monsters (especially a flute painting) looking unrealistic, however this is made up for with the amazing looking Pennywise, who does not fail to live up to Tim Curry's well regarded performance. When the movie focuses on the story of the losers club and their personal bullies, IT shines, the characters have great chemistry that really forwards the story, and each character has their own distinct personality's. All in all, IT was a great movie that lived up to the hype. Stephen King's book "It" is my single favorite fiction novel of all-time. I have read it a number of times and am completely and utterly absorbed by its atmosphere and characters. As such, despite the big buildup, promising trailers, and positive reviews, I wasn't sure that this new film adaptation could ever quite live up to my extremely heightened expectations. Fifteen minutes into my trip to the cinema, I knew I was wrong. This one was going to be great.For a basic plot summary, "It" tells the story of the little Maine town of Derry, which seems to have a problem with children disappearing. During the time period this film focuses on, little Georgie Denbrough (Jackson Robert Scott) is attacked and killed by a maniacal clown named Pennywise (Bill Skarsgard) in a sewer grate. That starts a pattern of child abductions (the cycle beginning again in Derry), which is seemingly only realized by the "Losers Club", a group of friends who come together because they really don't fit in anywhere else:-Bill (Jaeden Lieberher), Georgie's older brother, is struggling to come to terms with the family tragedy, an event that afflicted him with a pronounced stutter. -Ben (Jeremy Ray Taylor), the "fat kid" (pardon the judgment...this would have been me) of the group. -Richie (Finn Wolfhard), the loudmouth prankster. -Eddie (Jack Dylan Grazer), the sickly drink of water with the overbearing mother. -Mike (Chosen Jacobs), the black kid in a community not always accepting of minorities. -Stanley (Wyatt Oleff), the Jewish kid who struggles to even fit in with this gang. -Bev (Sophia Lillis), the girl that of course all the others have a huge crush on.Over the course of that summer, the Losers Club is tormented by neighborhood bully Henry Bowers (Nicholas Hamilton), while at the same time all seeing manifestations of "It", a seemingly non-corporeal being who can transform into their greatest fears (e.g. Pennywise the maniacal clown).Director Andy Muschietti's "It" is by no means a direct adaptation of the book. The best ones aren't, as they are two completely different mediums. Some of the characters go in different directions, some events are slightly altered, and even the time frame (1950s in the book) is moved up to the 1980s here.What doesn't change, however, is the spirit of the source material. King's novel is all about coming of age, facing fears, and having courage when no one else will. All of those things are perfectly present here. A lot of that has to do with the acting performances, starting with the camaraderie between the young child actors. This may be the best child-led ensemble cast I've ever seen on the big screen, as their antics provide some much-needed levity for material that can be very dark. Then, of course, there is Skarsgard's Pennywise, which is just as iconic as Tim Curry's earlier take on the role (this one being much more dark and violent).A final interesting observation is how "It" so seamlessly melded together the horror, adventure, and thriller genres. If you are a fan of either, you'll find something to enjoy. The scary scenes are something straight out of, say, "The Conjuring", while the buddy adventure is so much like "Stranger Things" (Wolfhard double dipping even!) that one could almost call "copycat" (but it's so fun who cares?!). Backing everything up is a very solid story.Of course, this is only the first chapter in the "It" story, as King's book also goes into great detail about these characters as adults. That material is saved for a later-date sequel, and this one sets it up perfectly. This original can be viewed as a stand-alone experience, yet leaves just enough unanswered questions to make a compelling "part two".Overall, "It" was one of my favorite film-going experiences in quite some time. It did justice to a great story, even introduced some new aspects into the mix, and whetted appetites for more to come. I can't wait to return to Derry for Round Two in the future! The strength of most of what Stephen King writes- even when he's "re-imagining" classics like Dracula (SALEM'S LOT) or THE MONKEY'S PAW (PET SEMATARY) or OLD YELLER (CUJO) or the old EC Horror comics, etc.- is his CHARACTERS: they almost always Ring True. IT is no exception, and this latest reincarnation boasts excellent performances all around. (One of the more horrifying aspects of the Pennywise personification- that's only very subtly touched on in the movie- is the influence of Real World killer clown, John Wayne Gacy.) (Here in Crack Town, we had an old man nicknamed "Snake" and his wife who were both pedophiles. They were caught a number of times, but never went to trial "to spare the children." When the couple left the neighborhood, the kids they'd assaulted began to sexually assault even younger kids, culminating in the kidnapping of two five-year-olds by a young teen. Once again, the local "authorities" refused to prosecute. And you thought "Derry" was a scary place...) I'm looking forward to the next "chapter" in the on-going saga of IT, but this one will be hard to beat. IT has the It factor. The star of the movie was for sure Bill Skarsgård he put the name Pennywise in the word horror. He was just plain out terrifying. I have not seen a movie this damn good in a very long time. It was just not the best movie of the year it was the best movie I have ever seen in the theaters and I just didn't see it once, but twice. By far Bill Skarsgård should win an Oscar for Best actor and the movie itself should win for Best feature film.Parents IT is rated R and when you see Bill Skarsgård's Pennywise you will see why it is just plain out scary. It will definitely make everyone wet there pants that is how Scarry it is. I recommend to wear more the one pair of underwear to make sure you don't wet yourself. Hope you enjoy IT.HERE TAKE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!You'll Float Too It's been 23 years since we had - probably - the best adaptation based on Stephen King's work to date: The Shawshank Redemption. After so many failures like Dreamcatcher, Desperation and - sadly and more recently - The Dark Tower, we finally got IT!The adaptation of IT was surrounded by high expectations. That because Andy Muschietti - the director - showed through social media and interviews how much he loved and respected the source material. Pretty much like Peter Jackson did with The Lord of the Rings (but not with The Hobbit), the argentine filmmaker directed and made this movie with LOVE. The result could not be any different: it's an outstanding interpretation.The movie has a few flaws. I wasn't very fond of the narrative at beginning. The movie shows the kids separated and being scared by IT in a series of scenes that have no bridges between them, there's not much plot until the path of the seven kids finally converge. Another point was the special effects, some were great, but some weren't, and that might harm some vital scenes. Finally, although not a problem (but it could have been a massive one) the director used too much humour. Don't get me wrong, Stephen King is a hilarious guy when he wants to be, but Andy was too dangerously close to turn this movie into an adventure-comedy-with- horror elements (like The Goonies and Monster Squad), instead of a coming-to-age-horror-story. Nonetheless, I feel like he averted that at last second. Finn Wolfhard as Richie is funny as hell and Jack Grazer as Eddie also delivers his share of hilarity.Speaking of the kids, I was impressed and couldn't believe how EACH ONE OF THEM is awesome. I'm not exaggerating, the seven kids are great actors. Kudos to Jaeden Lieberher as Bill and Sophia Lillis as Bev, who had the most dramatic arches of them all and did a wonderful job. It's a pleasure to see this gang together and how the chemistry flows naturally.Bill Skarsgård as Pennywise is superb. We all have Tim Curry forever in our hearts, but Bill was capable of giving the Dancing Clown his own persona, and it's also great. You can clearly see that IT is having a hell of fun, but to the kids and the audience, there's nothing fun or funny about it, and that's what Pennywise is all about. The character was disgusting, horrendous and terrifying - like IT needs to be. I was so satisfied that Andy got IT's essence.Finally, I want to give congratulations to Andy himself. His love for the details was clear. Of course he couldn't adapt every single page of that behemoth of a book, and had to cut some really silly moments that only our dear Stephen King could give us (like killing the monster with a sling and the orgy scene - that no matter what King says to justify it, it will always be an unnecessary and disgusting part of the book to me). I loved the directing and the cinematography. To me the changes were great. Although I think that ACT I was too fast paced, ACT II and ACT III ran perfectly. This is the Stephen King adaptation that we have been waiting for since The Shawshank Redemption, guys, so don't waste any time and go see it on theaters - I somehow suspect that the movie may lose a part of its strength on DVD or Blu-Ray, so don't waste your chance!Special mention to Nicholas Hamilton as Henry Bowers. Great kid!Can't wait for Chapter Two - probably in 2019. I waited months to see this movie, and after seeing It, I can say it was well worth the wait. The acting was great, the pacing was good, and the story was fantastic. My only complaint is that there wasn't enough Pennywise.This It makes the original TV miniseries look like childs play. Bill Skarsgard nailed Pennywise. Tim Curry was great, but I think Bill did it better. Every time Pennywise was on screen, I could just feel it. He played the comical yet terrifying clown to a T. Which is why I wish there were more of it.The kid actors were perfect. Jaeden did great as the stuttering Bill, Finn did great as foul mouthed Richie, Sophia did great as misunderstood Beverly. The bullies made me hate them. Everyone did great. Especially Bill as Pennywise.Overall, I was very impressed. Georgies arm being bit off, Beverly being showered in blood. I enjoyed It. This is the tale of It, the first big screen adaption of the Stephen King bestseller of the same name; and that opening sequence is so iconic now that it has been swallowed into our collective subconscious like an urban legend.(Contains possible spoilers)This film has had a hard 7-year road to get to our cinemas, and that road has been littered with replaced directors, and actors tasked with playing the title character. It arrives on our screens with the weight of expectation and trepidation on the part of its many many loyal readers who have been waiting with eager baited breath to finally see what they have anticipated ever since first discovering the sublime book, and pinning their hopes on a faithful adaption.So was the wait worth it?First a quick summary of the films plot – For centuries the town of Derry has been home to Pennywise, a monstrous creature who can become your greatest fear to 'season the meat' as it were, and Its favourite prey is children, with their furtive imaginations and powerfully felt emotions. After the opening scene's death of young Georgie, his brother Bill grows obsessed with the idea of ending IT's reign of terror and, together with his band of 'loser' friends, sets about killing IT.Also in this mix is The Bowers Gang, led by unhinged snivelling bully Henry Bowers; and the losers have parent troubles particularly Beverly and her entitled and abusive father, and Eddie with his Munchausen's by Proxy mother. The town itself has a rich history of savagery and sacrifice, which is touched on also.There is a love triangle that is achingly realised, and a deeper story about the fear of growing up and confronting your own monsters, whatever they may be.The novel has a more fluid timeline darting between childhood and adulthood as they battle this eternal beast, but the movie has separated the child storyline from the adult one and so it is 'chapter one' we are discussing here.This sounds like a straightforward monster movie but it is so much more than that, as the mythology itself stretches out far beyond the confines of this film. Having said that, the scares are effective and memorable, and that opening sequence in the rain is brutal and breath-taking, an amazing start to proceedings.Directed with a deft touch by Andy Muschietti (Mama) It is equal parts coming of age nostalgia and creeping evil horror. He knows how to tug at your heartstrings, make you smile but then look around the frame for the next delicious morsel of horror coming your way.The musical score is sometimes expansive and epic, sometimes creeping and haunting – impeccable.The cast is nothing short of astounding, everyone brings their A game and its truly wonderful to see each beloved character cast so perfectly; I'd love to pick a stand out but each one imbues their character with just the right look or nuance. Jaeden Lieberher as Bill is vulnerable and strong and sweet and determined all at once, his love for and loss of Georgie keenly felt and portrayed. Sophia Lillis as Beverley is knowing and generous and guarded, as she is in the book. Jack Dylan Grazer as Eddie is commanding on screen and utterly believable in a part that could have gone awry, he is an explosive new talent and has a big career ahead of him. Finn Wolfhard as Richie has flawless comic timing and brightens every scene he is in whilst still allowing the character to be real – effortlessly perfect.And Pennywise? Bill Skarsgard is a revelation, by turns menacing and petulant and childlike and evil; I wish there had been more of him but I understand that an over saturation of such a character would have unbalanced the movie and so best to be left wanting more.It is not slavishly faithful to the novel, and weirdly, I'm OK with this. I view it more as an appetizer, a companion piece to the novel. Many things are touched on in the film that would then be expanded upon by reading the source material. The majority of changes made did not hurt the things that are most important in this story because ultimately its not about the details or even IT itself.This is a movie about that fraught time between childhood and adulthood when you feel your old self slip away and become someone else entirely, its about the power of imagination and how friendship can be your greatest strength against the things that scare you, its about love and life and growing up.This movie may only scratch the surface of the books depths, but it has the novels heart and spirit, and is everything I could have hoped for. That, for me, is enough Don't believe all the negative reviews here,IT is first class in all it's aspects! The chemistry between the group of friends is there,with the constant threat of the clown in the background is nailbiting thrilling! The cgi was there and convincing,i've watched the original and this is a worthy successor which brings homage to the first IT! Look, I'll keep it simple. Don't listen to the idiots that score anything below 8! As an avid fan of king and the original, this was right on par. Those complaining....about ANYTHING, don't have lives and just want to get under your skin. Skarsgard "KILLED" this role! Each "loser" nailed their character! The dialogue alone was superb. The acting makes you sympathetic which is every actors goal! Go see it. Remember, the reviews that are scoring low should not even be viewing horror films, because IT has it all! Such a contentful experience while being terrifying! I wish I could make such a Monsterpiece, I just write reviews and hope someone important sees them. Anyways Pennywise and Leatherface are my favorite horror icons ever! I'm so excited, I already have my IMAX ticket for It:Chapter 2 on Saturday. 4DX is wild though that's why I'm reviewing this again, there's mist during the rain, chairs that move, if someone got hurt in the movie you'd feel it, and the sound is just as RPX, and IMAX except like a rollercoaster. This movie got Pennywise right in this film and scary performance. A great cast and good story. I like how they copy some of the things from the original one from 1990. They have great CGI effects like they look real like most CGI today. I think this is the best horror reboot like most failed or mix review sometime praised like this film is possible better than Rob Zombie Halloween films and it's better than Micheal Bay's horror remakes.If you float we all float too. If you float too we all float too. IF YOU FLOAT TO WE ALL FLOAT TOO! (sorry if I screw up) "It." A story about kids in Derry who must band together to fight an other-worldly terror that preys on children and others in the small town of Maine. A haunting thrill throughout, with scares and laughter and even traumatic moments, this film is evidence horror is still very much alive today, and that the idea of sequels and remakes must not be dismissed. Overall, the film is a knockout. The makers of "It" evidently put thought and heart into the remake of the 90's classic made-for-TV hit and a great mix of what is in the original book by Stephen King and what the filmmakers decided would be original ideas to bring the story effectively to the big screen. There is so much that makes the movie worth it. It captures the essence of King's novel by bringing back some memorable elements, such as lines, characters, atmosphere, and the very fear that the children experience. And like the novel, there is humor throughout, to remind the audience that despite what the children go through, and despite the mature decisions they must make, they are still just children, alone in their conflicts from the adult world. It follows the book just enough to satisfy any fan of Stephen King (unlike some films *coughcoughDARKTOWERcough*), and even impress the man himself. Aside from similarities to the book and maybe even the 90's film, the film stands on its own, so people unfamiliar with King's work and the original film can easily understand and enjoy it, while a King fan will be delighted to see Pennywise in a new light, and enjoy classic moments (beep beep Richie!!). There are some elements that are disagreeable, but not many and they still can't bring my perfect score down. First of all, too much CGI. It seems to be used as a cop-out in films these days, a crutch. However, for the most part it is well used and effective. There are jumps scenes, something that many feel is a cheap scare. Chances are fairly good those people would still be caught off guard by some of them in this movie. Some may find parts cheesy, some may find the whole thing cheesy, so while the CGI and scares may be a problem for some, many will find them quite enjoyable. The scares truly are different, and terrifying.There also doesn't seem to be near enough character development, and it feels like you don't get to know each of the children enough, save maybe Bill and Bev only. But this is evidence of filmmakers pandering to the needs of the ever-changing audience, as modern general viewers sometimes get bored of the legendary Hitchcock-ian pace. The film moves very rapidly from the start and keeps the flow going throughout the film. Sometimes it feels like the characters don't even get much of a break in the last half of the film, but that's what happens when you try to fit a cinderblock-thick novel into two movies. You do however get to know the kids enough to get by, and it doesn't impede the progress of the plot.The acting even is favorable. Sometimes wooden, most of the time genuine. There are times when you truly feel what the children are feeling, and occasionally cause a stir of emotions. And let's not leave out Pennywise. We all know how difficult it would be to fill Tim Curry's clown shoes. But fear not, this new dancing clown is no circus. Demented and frightening, he will toy with the children's minds, and leave symbolic bite marks on viewers' souls. I have a personal beef with those reviewers who say it's nothing like the book and nothing like the works of Stephen King. These people are posers and have obviously never read "It" or any of King's novels, so take their reviews with a grain of salt. This story is an adult horror from a child's perspective. Fears from our childhood was a major influence on King's work, and "It" was its epitome. A must-see, but not for everybody, especially the feint of heart. It is a dark, evil, twisted fall down the rabbit's hole, and this rabbit has teeth. LOTS of teeth. Okay, since I'm now swifting It Comes At Night to my best thriller of the year category, this near-perfect reboot of Stephen King's IT is now THE best horror film this year (so far) and is easily one of the best clown horror films ever made. IT packs plenty of genuine scares as well as jumpy ones, all of which are presented way more frequent than most big studio horror films and making its pacing flow well with constant scares and thrills to keep the audience entertained and spooked throughout the film. The use of practical effects here are also deliciously creepy and gleefully disturbing to look at along with the freaky performance from Bill Skarsgård as Pennywise just even increases the insanity and horrifying level of this re-imagining version of the character without entirely replicating what has already been done (still, this version of Pennywise somehow reminds me of Johnny Depp's Mad Hater on cocaine at some point). Not only does this film have all the horrors to offer but other elements in the film here are also crafted so well like The Losers' Club. The Losers' Club here are perfectly cast, acted, and developed, making us care about their fates and relationships and therefore, be able to hook us to the screen from start to finish with their funny, energetic, and heartbreaking performances. Overall, besides its genuinely frequent scares, applaudingly creepy practical effects, and performances, IT not only proves to be a near-perfect remake but also strongly adapts what already has been done and creates a whole new insanity level of horror on top of that, as well as keeping the same heartbreaking drama core of the original through its exceptional cast into finally becoming this year's best horror film.(A) It is just 10:30 pm i have just watched this movie. Without any doubt this movie is awesome. I don't know how it is horror but it has so much my mystery. First part would be just clam as like but last 50-40 minutes it just awesome. I will watch it again. This movie acting was awesome and story was really grief and that will also learning. I was totally blown away by "Get Out". This is one of the best turns by an actor behind the camera I have ever seen (Jordan Peele). Probably the timely social commentary is going to loom heavily when discussing the film; however this shouldn't conceal the fact that this is a masterclass cinematic work that has been thought out to the very last detail; it knows what it wants to say and how to say it, balancing wildly contrasting tones and defeating potential clichés with stylistic bravura. Of course everything stems from a rock solid script, where the plot points are cunningly engineered, and then fleshed out in a disciplined and take no prisoners kind of way. There is much to admire and enjoy here, including some surreal imagery that is as stunning as it is disturbing, always serving a purpose within the narrative; there are also brilliant soundtrack choices and you get subtle nods at the masters that came before (Kubrick and Wes Craven, specially). The plot involves one of those frequently visited "fish out of the water" type of settings where it's up to the director to make the most out of it. Which fortunately is the case here, since you get plenty of real character development and a tight, innuendo ridden dialogue that really gets under your skin. All this, together with the inspired camera work, contributes to the success of this tricky enterprise as a whole. Kudos to all the actors for going all the way with the provocative premise, considering that it could have totally backfired in less confident hands. Everything amounts to a deliciously wry slice of cinematic paranoia served with a side of cathartic humor that appropriately reflects the political times we are living in. And make no mistake, this is a true horror film that refuses to pull any punches; if you thought that Peele was just going for the laughs and the cheap scares you will get more than you bargained for. "Get out" will shock you silly and will make you think. Then you will want to watch it again and try to figure out how he pulled the trick. People will be talking about this one for a long time.Get Out is an extremely powerful, poignant horror movie with some humor. Whatever elements of action or schlock that are present take a backseat to the real human drama that plays out when Chris (Daniel Kaluuya) meets his white girlfriend's eccentric family.The characters are fleshed out immaculately, with Bradley Whitford and Catherine Keener in their best performances to date, and Caleb Landry Jones in an appropriately, intensely creepy role. But Kaluuya is the star here, and he delivers with zeal a shocking depth and range of emotions. In fact, more often than not its what he doesn't say that delivers the most impact... which is all to say that this masterpiece could not have been accomplished without the masterful direction of Jordan Peele.Peele builds atmosphere and tension like the Big Bang, dunking you into the mind of the main character while he navigates through very visceral danger.If you're looking for a film that sets out to entertain first and foremost with shock and terror, but also with poignant social commentary and real philosophical meat to chew on, Get Out is the movie you need to see. You won't regret it.This isn't Cabin in the Woods, Peele isn't interested in subverting genre conventions. What he has crafted is entirely original and unique, and thankfully free of clichés or stereotypes. There are no "monsters" here. The real villains are entitlement, egotism, and objectification, and g.d. they are scary! Jordan Peele's Get Out is an outstanding work of horror cinema, in that the American horror film is the best genre for creatively commentating on the various social, economic, and psychological constructs of life in such a way that can be visually thought-provoking. And the best part about this film is Peele does not pull out any of the usual horror tropes or clichés until the showdown. Before you begin to think that Universal Pictures and Blumhouse are pulling a bait-n-switch–selling you a psychological thriller when the film is really a heavy drama–think again. Get Out is every bit a horror film as its more traditional counterparts. In terms of its contribution to the library of horror films, the movie is flawless. From the writing to directing to acting and even the score, editing, and cinematography, Get Out is a film that you should definitely "get out" to watch. With a current 100% on Rotten Tomatoes, this film is certain to grab prolific attention from movie patrons, film studies, and social studies professors alike. It's a brilliant film to discuss in future American horror film classes. Never before has a film been used in such a creative and visceral way to comment on how one culture appropriates the best of another for purposes of exploitation or simply because it has something that you want, and then attempt to change, assimilate, or remove altogether because that which you want is seen as wasted on the originator. "A mind is a terrible thing to waste."It is difficult to explore some of the themes and subtext of this film without giving too much away, but I'm going to try my best to analyze what I can without spoiling anything for those who plan to see the movie. The first element I took note of in the film was the choice of music. Not so much a score (although, there is a score to the film), the music selections in the film serve as an allusion to the overall message and theme in the film. For those who know a little something about music history, you may pick up on the strategic selection and placement of the various songs and musical scores used throughout the film. There are moments in which the music does not seem to match up with the mood or tone of the film–at least, at face value. However, as you delve deeper into the film, you will realize that the music fits in all too well with the plot. I'll give you this: think about the origins of the music in the film when you watch it. Before music, such as jazz and hiphop, became popular amongst a predominantly white society, it originated amongst the black community.Another aspect of the film that hints at the big reveal in the turning point just before the third act is the physique, athletic talent, and sexual stereotypes of black males. You'll notice that clues are dropped here and there, albeit subtly, at the relationship between Rose's family & friends and members of the black community. The worship of Chris' body by many of Rose's family friends makes for an incredibly uncomfortable sequence of encounters at the outdoor picnic. The unsettling weird encounters between Chris and all the people he meets at Rose's family home each work to grow the level of tension and terror in the film–the fear of something dreadful looming on the horizon. Without relying upon a proliferation of jump scares and visceral horror, Peele successfully increases the level of anxiety to terrifying levels in the film. Reminiscent in the ways that Hitchcock or Kubrick may have directed this film–in terms of relying upon the fear of something not visible to the naked eye–Peele incorporates the feeling of uneasiness every moment he can without over saturating the plot. Perfect amount of all the elements that make up the American horror film can be found in this deeply disturbing narrative.This is social commentary on how back males are often exploited for economic gain in areas such as football, basketball, track, and even music and fashion too. So, Peele was using this horror film to comment on how many in the white community have stolen from or appropriated elements from the black community in order to further their own gain or develop ways of entertaining the masses without proper acknowledgement, formal recognition, or even payment. For example, the jazz music at the beginning of the film. That style of music came out of black culture before it was rebranded high class white music for nightclubs, shows, and weddings. Further evidence of this social commentary can be found in other areas of talent that many want to steel for their own and then reprimand the black community or not being 'more white.' I could go on and on. Fascinating stuff! As it is a horror film, do not plan to see it alone. Horror is the one genre that is best experienced in a group setting. Jordan Peele is a man best known as one half of the comedy duo Key & Peele, so when I first heard the news that he'd written and directed a horror film, I would be lying if I said I wasn't a little surprised. Then came reports that Get Out was getting ridiculously good feedback from test screenings and, after horror having a solid year in 2016, I was hoping it'd live up to expectations. Believe the hype guys because Get Out is as good as you've heard.Black photographer Chris Washington (Daniel Kaluuya) and his white girlfriend Rose Armitage (Allison Williams) visit Rose's parents for the weekend, where they will meet Chris for the very first time. Staggered by their behaviour from the very off, Chris begins to think all is not right in the home of Dean (Bradley Whitford) and Missy Armitage (Catherine Keener).I absolutely loved Get Out as both a psychological and satirical horror, Jordan Peele's imagination bringing us something quite unique within the genre and showing that he has such a big future ahead as a filmmaker. Right from the opening sequence, which is one of the best openings to a horror I've seen, I knew this film was going to be special. It felt almost as if I was watching a film from a seasoned director and not a man making his directorial debut, Peele exuding confidence more and more as the film rises through the levels of paranoia.The writing is spot on as well, Peele's background as a comedian coming into great use to blend the satire so perfectly with the horror. Peele has clearly made Get Out as a form of social commentary but he does so by keeping the audience on their toes, wondering where the film will turn next, which is one of the most important aspects of a horror film. As well as being genuinely creepy, Get Out also has some hilarious moments up its sleeve, leaving the audience in the palm of Peele's hand.Peele's confidence as a filmmaker is seen further through Toby Oliver's swift cinematography, akin to work seen in The Shining, and both Michael Abels haunting score and songs picked by Peele to accompany his twisted film.Coming to the performances, Get Out excels above many horror films with a talented and strong cast. Daniel Kaluuya leads the film with a quite exceptional performance as Chris Washington, impressing with each passing minute as the paranoia within his character grows. Expect to see much more of Kaluuya in the future.Bradley Whitford and Catherine Keener are both devilishly charming and unnerving with their performances as Rose's parents, who take an immediate interest in Chris' life, both past and present. Get Out gets its truly unsettling performances from Betty Gabriel and Marcus Henderson as Georgina and Walter, hired by Dean's father. They both have a stand-out scene where it becomes clear that all is not well with either them or the house they tend to. Lil Rel Howery deserves a mention too for being genuinely funny in the role of Chris' best friend, Rod, who doesn't just feel like the comedy relief shoehorned in for the sake of it.Get Out brilliantly continues the resurgence of the horror genre and, as a directorial debut, has to go down as of the best I've seen from Jordan Peele. He's already stated that this is the first of a number of horrors he has planned which will act as social commentaries and, if they continue to be as good as his debut, I cannot wait. Nervous about meeting his Caucasian girlfriend's parents, a young African American struggles to work out if everyone is acting strangely around him or if it is just his imagination in this unusual mystery thriller. The film is very deliberately paced with lots of malice foreshadowed but exposition only revealed in tiny chunks along the way. In fact, utterly unsettling as the pre-credits sequence is, it is hard not to wonder whether the film would have been better without it since it is the only scene for quite a while that spells out the horror slant of 'Get Out' beneath its quirky façade. That said, there are enough elements that remain elusive here that the film stays enticing until the end. The final quarter also comes off as a very clever homage to the horror movies of the 1970s, complete with appropriate furniture for the period. What really elevates the film though is its social satire. The racism agenda is a little on-the-nose, but the protagonist's anxiety at being a 'token' African American really clicks, forced to enter into awkward conversations with several houseguests at one point who have no idea how to talk to him without sounding racist. It is actually quite a universal predicament and aside from being a captivating mystery movie, 'Get Out' also pinpoints how strange it can be to interact in an environment when one is a minority, whether it be by race, religion, gender, age or other factors. "Get Out" is significant in that it simply give the audience a different perspective in the Horror Genre. We have NEVER been given a hero of color in horror; "The Black guy always gets killed"; Night of the Living Dead (1968) could have been the first but they blew it. Duane Jones' character should have lived!!! ...but I digress. We FINALLY have a the black guy as the protagonist thanks solely to Jordan Peele of, the dynamic Key and Peele fame. Peele has made the horror film he always wanted to see. Given the box office results as so far and Rotten Tomatoes', rare 100% fresh rating, this is the horror film that many of us wanted to see!!! It is a very straight forward story about a black male in an interracial relationship that is about to meet his girlfriend's parents...everything else after this point is horror film GOLD!!!No need to spoil anything here, this film is fun and entertaining to say the least. The social commentary is not to preachy but just enough to feel true. Go see it and have fun with it. Thank you Jordan Peele!! That movie was an amazing movie, it may not be that scary but its story is very thrilling. Daniel K is a good actor with his perfect portrayal of the character Chris. The movie wasn't scary to be frank but more entertaining than most horror movies. Each scene in the movie means a thousand words.Allison Williams also played a great role as the movie villain ranging from an innocent woman who dates a black guy to a crazy and monstrous woman ready to kill to have her victim's colored body hosted by older non-blacks.In all, the movie was entertaining and covered the area of racial discrimination in the United States in a creative, plot twisting way. I recommend this movie for all , from going to old. Get Out is a decent horror movie, better than average, but not without its set backs.
It absolutely didn't deserve an oscar, let alone for screenplay, but it's not the worst choice in the world at the end of the day.
For a debut film this is pretty admirable and could mean a lot for horror movies, black people and the general film industry, but aside from the politics of the film, it really is just an ok horror.The VVitch and It Follows are much, much better horror films; deserving of much more praise, but because THIS horror film has a discussion about race it gets millions of dollars and awards and praise. Is this a bad thing?Not really. It's better than giving an award to something like another shat out Blumhouse/James Wan sequel with no talent or effort put into it.Basically, the best thing about the film is the actors and their performances, especially Daniel Kaluuya, who is as excellent as always.The worst thing about the film would probably have to be the "horror" elements since it's incredibly one- note and unoriginal in this department. Not saying it's bad, but it doesn't do anything the horror genre hasn't seen a bunch of times already.It's good, not great. (But still kinda cool a horror film won an oscar since the last was in 2000 with The Sixth Sense.) From the opening credits to the closing credits Jordan Peele had me locked in. Such an amazing job by an amazing director. To think that Peele stopped writing this 20 times is insane! Well done! Can't wait to see what the future holds in regards to Jordan Peele films. Ok , firstly , for everyone that says this movie is racist , is not , just shows the struggles of black people in a world of white people ( there are documentaries on this ).
Secondly the plot twists in this are fucking amazing ( and only to the end , one of them becomes predictable , if you are not that idiot :)) ).To conclude everything i wrote , i must say , for everyone interested in psychology or in the human mind , go watch this please :D. GET OUT is outstanding. By now you've heard the premise, a young black photographer decides to spend a weekend with his white lover's family for the first time . What he encounters is to be expected, and also unexpected beyond the beyond. Jordan Peele really gets the horror film, and all its comedic potential. that's all i'm gonna say. You've got to watch this one. Amazing movie,just keeps you thinking what's gonna happen.Comedy,horror,thriller,suspense all in one movie. This film is so much more than your standard horror movie. If anything, it's much more a suspense movie with a devious twist. The plot is simple enough at first, girlfriend brings boyfriend to her place for uncomfortable meeting with her family. Sure, basic enough. But Jordan Peele has constructed a film that is anything but basic.The interracial couple in and of itself can make people uncomfortable, and the ingratiating of a white family to the daughter's black boyfriend can also be its own thing easily. What Peele does is merge those two, and makes every seemingly accepting scene cringe-worthy no matter what race you may be. If you're white, the white people are embarrassing you. If you're black, you're feeling the discomfort of being in a place like this, and wondering if there isn't something underneath the apparent good words.In that way, Peele encapsulates our society. White people invoking Barack Obama's name as though it gives them credibility among black people, for instance. Through each scene, you begin to wait for the other shoe to drop, and wonder what exactly it means when it happens.When it does, the film brings the slow boil to a raging inferno, and the connections make themselves in a way that creates great suspense and terror until it all reaches its inevitable crescendo. Peele has, as such, built a perfectly frightening movie, and with its deep societal roots, it is intelligent, and its timeliness ensures its excellence and a historical place.The acting is stupendous, and the twists are crazy good. The comic relief that Rod provides as a goofy TSA agent is a great counterbalance that not only taps into the comic genius that Peele is, but provides the viewer a momentary respite from the immediacy of Chris's plight.10/10. See this movie and see it often. this is a small masterpiece, very well crafted the aesthetic and the mood starts out as a typical comedy with black actors and some elements of horror i watched the movie on DVD and didn't know anything about it really judging from the cover i thought i would watch a "so bad its actually good" flick with overacting and familiar toilet humor i got a lot more than what i has bargained for all the clichés in movies especially comedies with black actors are here, the scared black man, the white man trying to act politically correct, the obese funny but silly best friend and an antagonist, the mother, portrayed by an actress more often playing a mature but sexually charged leading lady with a slightly brown skin tone than a villain all the clichés are here only to be reversed during the second half of the movie we don't have a dark or ambiguous ending but a very cathartic one justifyingly following the disturbing sci-fi climax as a Greek citizen who has lived among foreigners in another European country for several months in the past, its funny but i could actually relate to both white and black characters i have been both racist and a victim of racism on several occasions so that at least to a small extent i know how it feels both when you look down upon someone and when you are looked down upon as a mostly Caucasian male with dark hair and a not so light complexion, coming from a small Balkan country i am entertained at how the movie has obviously irritated some people which validates its intended polarizing power and i also liked the fact that the writer didn't jump on the anti-trump train but instead subtly satirized Obama's politics which becomes more on-point as the original premise of the film is that classic 60s movie with Sidney Poitier aka the first on screen Obama offered to the audiences worldwide there is a truth that resonates in this seemingly otherworldly entertaining movie and i was more that happy to listen to it and reflect on it PS i haven't seen anyone referencing rosemary's baby one of the many nods to challenging horror movies of the past within the film interestingly enough, Polanski has depicted paranoia in another film of his in a similar to Get Out racially charged manner in The Tenant as a Polish (aka white but Slavic) man portrayed by Polansky himself located in an unfriendly towards emigrants Paris in the 1970s and accompanied by an indifferent and emotionally cold french girlfriend 10/10 I won't even bother telling you the premise. I'm sure you know it. What I will say is that this has extremely tight writing. The plot twists hold up. I can't think of a single plot hole, and I'm one of those people who obsessively tears apart films looking for those (I don't usually have to even try).I have a mixed race family, and I say it's extremely relevant, politically, racially, in today's world. It's not an anti-white film, it's not calling all white people racist, or anyone racist, it's just probably using some dialog the writer/director has probably heard a million times in conversations with white people in high society.It's not a horror movie as it's listed on IMDb and by most viewers. It has some horror elements, but it's really a suspense movie, and it's a very good one because for the first half of the movie or more, you have a growing sense of dread, and you have no idea why. To top it off, it has some very funny parts, but they don't ruin the suspense because the funny man is on the other end of a phone, the protagonist's only link to the outside world, as it were, and so it is compartmentalized and doesn't diminish the very real threat he is facing. I am by no means a professional troll, here to say that my opinion is relevant. However, this movie was FANTASTIC, but again, that is just my 2 cents. For a debut in directing, especially when it's Jordan Peele, I was awestruck. Not for my lack in trust in his ability, but this was a horror/thriller, and I have known his work for always being something more along the lines of side splitting hilarity. I heard he directed this film, often times, doing his impressions of President Obama (how I miss thee) and his other well known impressions. I also hear that Jordan took notes from the late and great George A. Romero, in creating the story around a black man as the protagonist, which really how often do we see that? Always refreshing to see a new perspective in an old genre. If you really want to see a new look unto "meeting the family" of your significant other, watch this movie. Especially if you are wasting your precious times reading reviews like mine, and others. Take the 90 mins or so and sit back. The soundtrack also worth listening. I give it a 10 out of 10. This is nothing like Keanu, but it's still a great movie. Kukdos, Mr. Jordan Peele, I was already a fan, but now, I am much cooler. XO I think it was watching The Last Blair Witch film that I first saw the trailer for this, and while I enjoyed that film, leaving the Cinema it was my memories of Get Out that I left with, I'm so often disappointed by films, having seen wonderful looking trailers, finally a movie that kills of that thinking.Get out ranks as the Cinematic triumph of the year for me, the film was creepy, poignant, amusing, and I think highlighted the racial problems that still exist, in certain places.Daniel Kaluuya is an actor, that sadly I've not paid a huge amount of attention too, I kept asking where do I know him from, a friend pointed out that as a fan of Psychoville I should have known. Kaluuya was outstanding, and I'll certainly be taking an active interest in his career from now on, hopefully awards will follow. Catherine Keener never disappoints, she provided the scene of the film for me, the therapy session, providing a moment of sheer terror.Somehow too dark to be classed as a black comedy, but the satire was definitely apparent. I can't wait to pick up the blu-ray and enjoy it again. I know the ending was changed, I'm assuming with the possibility of a second, I hope they don't, this film deserved to be left alone as a true success.Brilliant, 10/10 I loved this movie, it was disturbing, and affected my sleep, yet I would highly recommend it! This was by far the best movie of 2017. When I saw it in theatres my first time, I was bloen away. by the end, the audience was clapping and screaming for more. It was so well done and wonderfully written. I saw it two more times in theatres and every time the audience gave the same reaction. I think that's a true testiment to a movie. When you can make your audience so passionate, thats real magic. This movie had promise and boy, did it deliver. I love the concept of the story, and they did a great job and pulling this off. It was truly a great film which I've watched a handful of times already. It hits many of different emotions, which most great films achieve. Go watch for yourself and hope you too will enjoy it as much as I did. Beautifully written from beginning to end. The kind of film that makes you feel sick, but simply because it's doing it's job perfectly. The twists were beautifully timed and never over-the-top, and any predictability in this movie never ruined this film. Refreshing cast, great script, great energy, great camera motion, nothing cheesy, great supporting actors, and thank god for the relief in the end. STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday Night *** Friday Morning ** Sunday Night * Monday MorningChris Washington (Daniel Kaluuya) and Rose Armitage (Allison Williams) are a mixed race couple, who are travelling to meet Rose's parents, Missy (Catherine Keener) and Dean (Bradley Whitford), a retired neuro-surgeon, for the weekend. While they seem fairly nice, Chris can't help but pick up loads of subtle little knocks at his African American heritage (most notably, learning Dean's grandfather was robbed of his dream at the 1936 Olympics by Jesse Owens.) One night, Missy puts Chris under a teacup induced hypnotic trance, and from there he finds himself plunged into a series of increasingly twisted events, from which he ends up battling for survival.The horror genre is in a pretty desperate state of affairs at the moment, certainly not a patch on its heyday twenty/thirty years ago. When they're not remaking old classics, they're just making films that rely on cheap jump scares in place of anything that really gets under your skin. And so, it's a really nice surprise when something like Get Out comes along, which gives you faith that there's still life in the old dog yet. First time director Jordan Peele gets back to basics with what traditionally made the genre so great, in a film that's also from the producers of such hits as Insidious and The Gift.Peele understands that a creepy air of mystery and a foreboding sense of the unknown are far more effective tools than cheap shocks and gore, and what works in Get Out's favour so well is a genuinely intriguing and exciting story that really leaves you wondering what is going on, when it will kick off and how it will all work out. It's brave, as well, tackling the themes of an inter-racial relationship in the modern world, and constructing one of the most paranoid and outlandish reasons for what could be behind it. There's some light and humour, as well, with subtle little digs and nods thrown in that few will be unlikely to pick up on.As a horror fan, this emerges as a genuinely pleasant surprise, and my only regret is that I didn't see it sooner. ***** There was enormous hype surrounding this film, which is the main reason I watched it, but also the main reason why I felt uncomfortable watching it for a long time before that. If you are reading this, it's probably too late to not watch the trailer or read the commentaries on it, but I am warning you anyway. Because it is a racially loaded film, there are a lot of people who focus on that for some reason. Also, while I gave it a full ten stars, this is compared to other thrillers, not movies in general. That said, the film is a slow paced thriller. Things start cool, then they get weirder and weirder until the final climax. The story is ingenious, but nothing you haven't seen before in such movies. What I found interesting was the acting, the direction and the script, so all the qualities that I enjoy in a movie. Jordan Peele obviously did a good job, but Daniel Kaluuya (my man) hit all the right notes. The hallmark of a good thriller (perhaps of any genre) is that it has a main character that you can relate to, and "Chris Washington" did all the things I believe a normal person would do in that situation. What this film did not have: jump scares (well, they had one, but it was at the beginning and I can forgive it), group of friends building fear off each other, people that behave dumb, hysterical or malevolent just to make the story less boring, a predictable script. Well, it was kind of predictable, but I'd read the reviews, hence my warning. The story also lends itself to nice prequels and even sequels, but I think it said what it was set to say. I also liked that they didn't try to explain it too much: stuff just happens and it's the point of view of the lead character that takes precedence over everything else, while the role of the viewer is to interpret it as they see fit. What could have gone better: editing out the scene at the beginning with the other black guy.  Bottom line: a nail-biting success. Worth watching. Also, check out the alternate ending of the movie, that is roaming the Internet out there. Best Picture Nominee:I've seen "Get Out" twice now. Once with a group of friends way after it released on Blu-Ray and the second time in theaters during the Oscars 2017 Best Picture Festival and both times I have loved this film."Get Out" strikes this perfect balance of being a comedy and a horror film, while simultaneously being social commentary about racism.The political message works really well here, but it's not the only thing going for it, which can often times be the case for films that push a strong political agenda.The entire cast did so well, that I was scared for Chris and genuinely creeped out by the entire Armitage family. The setup is near perfect, building up the appropriate amount of suspense that we needed for the later half of the film, with the ending keeping me on the edge of my seat literally until the very last scene.I'm glad that "Get Out" won Best Screenplay and if it had won Best Picture, I wouldn't have complained at all. If you haven't seen it yet, go give it a watch! Kubrick, King and Nicholson, the writing was literally on the wall, and I don't mean RedRum, forty years on, and The Shining is still a masterpiece.Kubrick takes King's fantastic book, and builds on it, bringing the story to life in his own inimitable way. It's dark, it's bleak, it's terrifying, a masterpiece in storytelling. You watch as the central character's mental collapse is played out in a spine chilling fashion.Gorgeous camera work, incredible visuals, that opening is iconic. So many incredible, visual moments, the twins, lift, barman etc, no wonder it's been parodied multiple times over the years, famously by The Simpsons.An iconic role for Jack Nicholson, he is incredible, well supported by a terrific cast.It's a classic, 10/10. The Shining, you know what's weird about this movie? This is the movie that everyone, for people who claim to not like horror films, will always say that The Shining is a terrific film. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic vision of Stephen King's horror tale of madness and blood. This is just an incredible film and wither you have seen it or not, you have heard of it, know a few lines from it, and know some of the classic images. Who could forget Jack's "Here's Johnny!"? Who could forget "All Work and No Play Make Jack a Dull Boy"? Who could forget that chilling ending? This is the film that is unforgettable and honestly in my opinion is Kubrick's best work. I know there is a lot of argument in that department, a lot of people say it's 2001: A Space Odyssey or Clockwork Orange or even Dr. Strangelove, but if those film pioneered film making, then The Shining perfected it. This is the tale of isolation, madness, terrifying images, and the ultimate ghost story that will crawl underneath your skin. Jack Torrance, Jack's son Danny, and Jack's wife, Wendy arrive at the Overlook Hotel on closing day. The elderly African-American chef, Dick Hallorann, surprises Danny by speaking to him telepathically and offering him some ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared the gift; they called the communication "shining." Danny asks if there is anything to be afraid of in the hotel, particularly Room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a certain "shine" to it and many memories, not all of them good, and advises him to stay out of room 237 under all circumstances. Danny's curiosity about Room 237 finally gets the better of him when he sees the room has been opened. Danny shows up injured and visibly traumatized after Jack tells Wendy that he loves his family. Seeing this, Wendy thinks Jack has been abusing Danny. Jack wanders into the hotel's Gold Room where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd. Danny starts calling out the word "redrum" frantically, and scribbling it on walls. He goes into a trance, and withdraws; he now says that he is Tony, his own "imaginary friend." Jack sabotages the hotel radio, cutting off communication from the outside world, but Hallorann has received Danny's telepathic cry for help and is on his way. Wendy discovers that Jack has been typing endless pages of manuscript repeating "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy" formatted in various ways. Horrified, Jack threatens her and she knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat, locking him in a storage locker in the kitchen. Jack converses with Grady through the door of the locker, which then unlocks releasing him. Danny has written "REDRUM" in lipstick on the door of Wendy's bedroom. When she looks in the mirror, she sees that it is "Murder" spelled backwards. Jack picks up an axe and begins to chop through the door leading to his family's living quarters. "Here's Johnny!", and Jack's legendary image is born.The Shining is one of those films that you seriously have to make time to see, this is an incredible film and still gives me nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and unforgettable. But one I also feel is extremely overlooked is Shelley Duvall, her scene of finding Jack's rant All Work is incredible, that's a look of horror and you can see that fear in her face after realizing her husband is mad. Also another incredible scene is when Jack sees a ghost woman in the bathtub, it's honestly one of the most terrifying scenes in horror cinema. The reason this film is so well known is because it's a film of perfection, it's been on The Simpsons, it's been shown in other films and it's a film that will forever stay with you when you see it, trust me.10/10 Okay, okay, maybe not THE greatest. I mean, The Exorcist and Psycho and a few others are hard to pass up, but The Shining is way up there. It is, however, by far the best Stephen King story that has been made into a movie. It's better than The Stand, better than Pet Sematary (if not quite as scary), better than Cujo, better than The Green Mile, better the Dolores Claiborne, better than Stand By Me (just barely, though), and yes, it's better than The Shawshank Redemption (shut up, it's better), I don't care WHAT the IMDb Top 250 says.  I read that, a couple of decades ago, Stanley Kubrick was sorting through novels at his home trying to find one that might make a good movie, and from the other room, his wife would hear a pounding noise every half hour or so as he threw books against the wall in frustration. Finally, she didn't hear any noise for almost two hours, and when she went to check and see if he had died in his chair or something (I tell this with all due respect, of course), she found him concentrating on a book that he had in his hand, and the book was The Shining. And thank God, too, because he went on to convert that book into one of the best horror films ever.Stephen King can be thanked for the complexity of the story, about a man who takes his wife and son up to a remote hotel to oversee it during the extremely isolated winter as he works on his writing. Jack Nicholson can be thanked for his dead-on performance as Jack Torrance (how many movies has Jack been in where he plays a character named Jack?), as well as his flawless delivery of several now-famous lines (`Heeeeeere's Johnny!!'). Shelley Duvall can be thanked for giving a performance that allows the audience to relate to Jack's desires to kill her. Stanley Kubrick can be thanked for giving this excellent story his very recognizable touch, and whoever the casting director was can be thanked for scrounging up the creepiest twins on the planet to play the part of the murdered girls.
One of the most significant aspects of this movie, necessary for the story as a whole to have its most significant effect, is the isolation, and it's presents flawlessly. The film starts off with a lengthy scene following Jack as he drives up to the old hotel for his interview for the job of the caretaker for the winter. This is soon followed by the same thing following Jack and his family as they drive up the windy mountain road to the hotel. This time the scene is intermixed with shots of Jack, Wendy, and Danny talking in the car, in which Kubrick managed to sneak in a quick suggestion about the evils of TV, as Wendy voices her concern about talking about cannibalism in front of Danny, who says that it's okay because he's already seen it on TV (`See? It's okay, he saw it on the television.').
The hotel itself is the perfect setting for a story like this to take place, and it's bloody past is made much more frightening by the huge, echoing rooms and the long hallways. These rooms with their echoes constantly emphasize the emptiness of the hotel, but it is the hallways that really created most of the scariness of this movie, and Kubrick's traditional tracking shots give the hallways a creepy three-dimensional feel. Early in the film, there is a famous tracking shot that follows Danny in a large circle as he rides around the halls on his Big Wheel (is that what those are called?), and his relative speed (as well as the clunking made by the wheels as he goes back and forth from the hardwood floors to the throw rugs) gives the feeling of not knowing what is around the corner. And being a Stephen King story, you EXPECT something to jump out at you. I think that the best scene in the halls (as well as one of the scariest in the film) is when Danny is playing on the floor, and a ball rolls slowly up to him. He looks up and sees the long empty hallway, and because the ball is something of a child's toy, you expect that it must have been those horrendously creepy twins that rolled it to him. Anyway, you get the point. The Shining is a damn scary movie.Besides having the rare quality of being a horror film that doesn't suck, The Shining has a very in depth story that really keeps you guessing and leaves you with a feeling that there was something that you missed. HAD Jack always been there, like Mr. Grady told him in the men's room? Was he really at that ball in 1921, or is that just someone who looks exactly like him? If he has always been the caretaker, as Mr. Grady also said, does that mean that it was HIM that went crazy and killed his wife and twin daughters, and not Mr. Grady, after all? It's one thing for a film to leave loose ends that should have been tied, that's just mediocre filmmaking. For example, The Amityville Horror, which obviously copied much of The Shining as far as its subject matter, did this. But it is entirely different when a film is presented in a way that really makes you think (as mostly all of Kubrick's movies are). One more thing that we can all thank Stanley Kubrick for, and we SHOULD thank him for, is for not throwing this book against the wall. That one toss would have been cinematic tragedy. Possibly the best film in cinema history thanks to the armonically flawless Kubrick's direction and the terrifically sublime Nicholson's performance. As each year goes by, people realize even more just how brilliant this movie is. The Shining unnerves the viewer in a way other horror movies can only try to; its surreal feeling, hidden messages and terrifying performances captivate you and leave you wondering long after the credits roll. Kubrick made a masterpiece, and analyses of this work of art are continuing to find more and more deeper meanings.ANY horror fan, and really any fan of cinema, must see this gem. No amount of words can contain my appreciation of The Shining, but, it is a perfect psychological and haunting masterpiece for every frame of every second of the film. Jack Nicholson gives the greatest acting performance of all time also, the scene of him getting a drink at the bar solidifies this. Stanley Kubrick is one of the smartest people to have ever lived with unrivalled artistic abilities, and The Shining is his masterclass. A frustrated writer takes a job as caretaker at a deserted hotel, undisturbed at the news of the location's murderous past, and seals himself up through the bleak winter with his wife and son. But the past never leaves the present ...Plenty of comprehensive reviews for this masterpiece, so I'll make just two points.Music makes up about half the effect of a horror movie, but this baby goes even further. Apart from a couple of quiet scenes near the beginning, it never lets up yet never overwhelms. The opening drive through the mountains is full of ominous synth, and the first act is all atonal and unsettling. We switch in preparation for going through the looking glass - Room 237 - when the music becomes orchestral and structured, with multiplying tritones struck in ghastly sequence as Danny first notices the key in the lock. The music returns to atonal, but orchestral this time, as the evil worms its way into the characters. At the climax, we're hit with a satanic choir, and finish off with eerie dance music from the '20s. Add in the sound design, with the wheels on carpet and board, Tony's mutterings, the chilling rhythm of the dialogue in the red toilet and the stairway scenes, and it all works brilliantly.Second, many say this is a psychological horror, but I disagree. It's clear from the off that Jack Torrance is a man with no centre - a pleaser and a conniver and a bully - so it's a question of when, not if, he loses control, and there's no pyschological progression. I imagine Kubrick would have considered that trite, and preferred instead to use the characters as one of many frames to create the effect of evil, so it becomes a total cinematic horror. Essential that we go through the looking glass, and this is where we get the progression, from the music at the moment Danny passes the room, through the sound effect at Jack's falling into a nightmare, to Wendy's close up on discovering the typed pages, and to the point where she herself experiences the visions, not just Danny and Jack. To finish off, we're literally taken into a frame that confirms this is not some guy going off on one, but a circle of hell.Stephen King is said to have dismissed this as a travesty of his work, and I guess we're dealing with two very different views of what makes horror. I dunno about the writer, but the film-maker dun made a horror. Horror films are associated with extreme and sickening violence/gore, lunatic killers and mostly focus on teenagers. They are mostly just poor excuses to put extreme violence on film to appeal to younger people, and nearly all, with a few exceptions such as Saw, are totally crap. Violence doesn't make a film good. In making The Shining, Stanley Kubrick has shown the world how horror films should be made.There are none of the predictable bad-guy-jumps-out-of-the-dark scenes to try and scare you. Instead Kubrick builds up suspense with the chilling musical score, and Jack Torrance gradually gets driven insane. Jack Nicholson is perfect to portray the character of Torrance. Not only is he a brilliant actor anyway, but he looks perfect for the part. He isn't your stereotyped perfect-looks actor, I don't think someone like Brad Pitt would be as effective playing his part. Pitt is a great actor, but you can't imagine someone like him going insane in a weird hotel! I think the cast is important to this film. Kubrick cast a proper leading actor and actress, rather than the randomly assembled casts of young 20 year olds you get in most horror films. And hey! The result is way better.There are a perfect amount of genuine horror scenes, such as the famous axe scene, and the scene in the maze, and it never goes over the top. There is also some unique horror scenes, such as when Jack writes about 1,000 pages of the same words, and the visions of the blood from the elevator and the little girls. They are bizarre but very effective in building suspense.The storyline is also much more effective than the usual story of teenagers being pursued by a lunatic murderer. A man stuck in a hotel for the winter with just his family who gradually goes insane is much more original and much much much more effective. Horror films are meant to be scary, and this really is. There are many scenes showing Jack's willingness to give in to temptation, and how he wants to get away from his wife and weird son. The camera-work is also excellent, as it builds up tension by moving along the corridors, and it also emphasises that Jack is feeling confined in the hotel.Stephen King didn't like Kubrick's interpretation of his novel, I can't believe how. Kubrick just made it better! This is a top film and is a landmark for horror films. You can't change what's perfect. And this film is as close as they come. Spiraling madness done best in the most convoluted way! Among Jack Nicholson's best performances, so meticulous and sticks with you like molasses in the brain. The long shots are true art in film and Jack losing his mind is one of my favorite things ever! It shakes you to your core every time, I have seen it at least 6 times; it's always shocking. You can't ask for a better experience, I'm glad bits of The Shining were in Ready Player One and it's getting sort of a sequel! ... This isn't the first time Stanley blurred the distinction between genres to such great effect, either. In Dr. Strangelove you had a comedy about a horrific situation, and here the basis is a terrifying scenario which actually yields some very funny moments. Slow-burning madness and attempting to kill one's family isn't hilarious of course, but the dialogue is very knowing ("five months of peace is just what I want... ") and there is a terrific drinking scene which would be riotous if you included just one type of spirit, but is spine-chilling when you factor in the other.I disagree with those who say that the hotel has a negligible effect on Jack Torrance in the filmed version. The cues Nicholson provides the audience as an actor merely hint at the potential for madness, which is only reinforced when we learn that the head of the family has struggled with alcoholism and is emotionally distant from his wife and son. The environment that he is in, however, then absorbs those personality defects and unleashes them upon his consciousness. In much the same way as buildings are sometimes thought to soak up events that happen there, the hotel feeds on the frailties of a troubled but sane man, and uses his weaknesses against him to eventually take him beyond the point of no return. He may have dormant flaws in his personality before he arrives, but to me the Overlook itself is the trigger that sets them off.Kubrick's cold and detached approach to directing works splendidly for a chilly horror film, and the unpredictable force of nature that is Jack Nicholson teeters all the time between making you giggle and scaring the wits out of you. When he explodes, you won't be sure how far he can go. Together they made a great team and with a blend of their talents gave us a classic. If you want a great viewing experience, then this is an example that well and truly shines... When i first went to watch The Shining I was expecting a decent film from what I had heard about it and I liked a lot of Stanley Kubrick's other work but when I started to watch it it was so much better than I thought it would be.At times I seriously felt ridiculously uneasy and I couldn't take my eyes of the screen still there's something very disturbing about everything in the film. Now some people don't like Kubrick's version of The Shining since it doesn't entirely follow Stephen King's book but in my opinion both Kubrick's version,the mini-series and the book are all great.Jack Nicholson gives an awesome performance.If you are looking for a good original movie that will keep you thinking even after the movies over then watch The Shining. *!!- SPOILERS - !!*Before I begin this, let me say that I have had both the advantages of seeing this movie on the big screen and of having seen the "Authorized Version" of this movie, remade by Stephen King, himself, in 1997.Both advantages made me appreciate this version of "The Shining," all the more.Also, let me say that I've read Mr. King's book, "The Shining" on many occasions over the years, and while I love the book and am a huge fan of his work, Stanley Kubrick's retelling of this story is far more compelling ... and SCARY.Kubrick really knows how to convey the terror of the psyche straight to film.  In the direction of the movie AND the writing of the screenplay, itself, he acquired the title "Magus" beyond question. Kubrick's genius is like magic.  The movie world lost a great director when he died in 1999.  Among his other outstanding credits are:  Eyes Wide Shut, 1999;  Full Metal Jacket, 1987; Barry Lyndon, 1975; A Clockwork Orange, 1971; 2001: A Space Odyssey, 1968; Spartacus, 1960 and many more.The Torrences (Jack, Wendy his wife and Danny, their son) are living in the Overlook Hotel for the winter; Jack has been hired as the caretaker.  It is his job to oversee the upkeep of the hotel during the several months of hard snow, until spring when the Overlook reopens its doors.  It seems there are many wealthy and jaded tourists who will flock to the Colorado Mountains for a snow-filled summer getaway.The Hotel was an impressive piece of architecture and staging.  It lent to the atmosphere, by having a dark, yet at the same time "welcoming" atmosphere, itself.  The furnishings and furniture was all period (late 70's - early 80's), and the filmography of the landscape approaching the hotel in the opening scene is brilliant. It not only lets you enjoy the approach to the Overlook,  it also fixes in your mind how deserted and isolated the Hotel is from the rest of the world.The introduction of Wendy and Danny's characters was a stroke of genius.  You get the whole story of their past, Danny's "imaginary friend," Tony, and the story of Jack's alcoholism all rolled into this nice, neat introductory scene.  There was no need in stretching the past history out over two hours of the movie; obviously, Kubrick saw that from the beginning.Closing Day.  Again, the scenic drive up the mountains to the Hotel (this time, with family in tow), the interaction between Jack and Danny was hilarious while also portraying a very disturbing exchange.The initial tour through the Overlook is quite breathtaking, even as the "staff" is moving things out, you get a chance to see the majestic fire places, the high cathedral ceilings and expensive furnishings, dormants and crown moldings in the architecture. "They did a good job!  Pink and gold are my favorite colors." (Wendy Torrence)  Even the "staff wing" is well designed and beautifully built.The maze was a magnificent touch, reminiscent of the Labyrinth in which the Minotaur of Crete was Guardian.  When Jack Nicholson stands at the scaled model of the maze and stares into the center, seeing Wendy and Danny entering, it's a magickal moment; one that tells you right away, there are heavy energies in that house; there's something seriously wrong, already starting.  "I wouldn't want to go in there unless I had at least an hour to find my way out." (The Hotel Manager)Scatman Cruthers, as Dick Halloran, was genuine and open in his performance.  His smiles were natural and his performance was wonderful.  You could actually believe you were there in the hotel, taking the tour of the kitchen with Wendy and "Doc."  His explanation of "the shining" to Danny was very well delivered, as was his conversation with the child about Tony and the Hotel.  It was believable and sincere.The cut out and pan scan of the hotel itself, with the mountains looming behind, the cold air swirling about, mist coming up from the warm roof of the snowbound hotel, adds so MUCH to the atmosphere of the movie.  It also marks the "half-way-to-hell" point, so to speak; the turning point in the movie.Shelley Duvall's portrayal of Wendy Torrence was masterful.  (So WHAT if she also played Olive Oyl?!  It just shows her marvelous diversity!)  Honestly, before I saw the movie on the big screen in 1980, I said," What?  Olive Oyl?  *lol*  (Popeye was also released in 1980.)  But I took that back as soon as the movie started.  She's brilliant.   In this Fiend's opinion, this is her best performance, to date!  (Although I did love her in Steve Martin's "Roxanne," 1987.)Once Kubrick has established the pearly bits of information of which you, the viewer, need to be in possession:  the Torrence's past; Danny's broken arm; Tony;  the history of the Hotel itself; the fact that Danny is not "mental," but rather clairvoyant instead, and the general layout of the Hotel; all of which you get in the opening 3 sequences; the movie never stops scaring you.The two butchered daughters of the previous caretaker, Delbert Grady (the girls having appeared several times to Danny, first by way of Tony in the apartment before the family ever left for the hotel) were icons with which Danny could identify, and of which he was afraid, at the same time.  They were haunting (and haunted), themselves and showed Danny how and where they were killed, in a rather graphic and material way.Kubrick's Tony was written as an attendant spirit, like a spirit guide which he acquired as a result of his arm nearly being wrenched off his body by his own father.  He was..."the little boy who lives in my mouth."  He would manifest in the end of Danny's finger and physically spoke through Danny in order to speak TO Danny.  NOT like in the book, I realize, where Tony was intended by Stephen King to be the projection of Danny as an older boy, trying to save his father.  Kubrick left out that little twist and it somehow made it more frightening when Tony "took ... Danny ... over."  The idea of Danny's older self projecting back to his younger self isn't...scary.The "Woman in the Shower" scene, done by Lia Beldan (about whom I can find no other credits for having done anything before, or since) as the younger woman and Billie Gibson (who ALSO appears to suffer from a lack of credits for works before or since), was seductively obnoxious and thoroughly disgusting.  It was dramatic, and frightening.  Abhorrent and scary.  When Nicholson looks into the mirror and sees her decomposing flesh beneath his hands; the look of sheer terror on his face was so complete and REAL.Jack quickly embarks on his trek from  the "jonesing" alcoholic to a certifiable insane person.  The degradation of his character's mental state is carefully and thoroughly documented by Kubrick. Jack's instant friendship with Lloyd the Bartender (as only alcoholics, would-be mental patients and drug addicts do) portrays his pressing NEED of the atmosphere to which Lloyd avails him; namely, alcohol ..."hair of the dog that bit me." (Jack Torrence)  In Jack's case, it's bourbon on the rocks, at no charge to Jack.  "Orders from the house."  (Lloyd the Bartender)  Nice play on words.When Wendy find's Jack's "screenplay" is nothing more than page after page of the same line typed over and over, albeit in 8 or 9 different creative styles...when he asks from the shadows, "How do you like it?" and Wendy whirls and screams with the baseball bat in her hand...is so poignant.  It's the point where she realizes how messed up the whole situation is...how messed up Jack is. It's very scary, dramatic and delivers a strong presence.  That coupled with Danny's visions of the hotel lobby filling with blood, imposed over the scene between Jack and Wendy, and with the confrontational ending to this scene, make this possibly THE strongest scene of the movie.The "REDRUM" scene.  Wow.  What do I say?  What mother would not be totally freaked by awakening to find their young, troubled son standing over them with a huge knife, talking in that freaky little voice, exclaiming "REDRUM" over and over?  Even if it HAD no meaning, it would still be as scary as the 7th level of HELL.  It was something everyone could (and has) remember(ed).  Speaking of memorable scenes...Nicholson's final assault on his family with an axe was perhaps one of the scariest scenes of movie history.  His ad-libbed line, "Heeeeere's Johnny!" was a stroke of brilliance and is one of the most memorable scenes in the history of horror.  It also goes down in horror movie history.The ending..?  Kubrick's ending was perfection.  I felt it ended beautifully.  No smarm, no platitudinous whining, no tearfully idiotic ending for THIS movie.  Just epitomized perfection.  That's all I'll say on the subject of the ending.Who cares what was taken out?!  Look what Kubrick put IN.  Rent it, watch it, BUY IT.  It's a classic in the horror genre, and for good reason.  IT RAWKS!!*Me being Me* ... Take this movie, and sitck it in your Stephen King collection, and take the 1997 "Authorized" version done by King and stick it down in the kiddie section.  That's where it belongs. .: This movie rates a 9.98 from the Fiend :. What can I say about this film? The first time I saw this was many years ago as a teenager, a few friends and I were up drinking, watching movies, when my friend suggested this, said he heard it was scary, none of us had seen it, and seeing as it was gone midnight, we thought why not, it scared the hell out of us, it was fantastic, I've seen the film countless times since then and while it no longer creeps me out in the same way as a young fresh faced teen, it still entertains me nonetheless.
From the opening scenes of the movie, I was hooked straight away, the cinematography and the films score were absolutely hypnotic, really draws you into the whole eerie atmosphere and sense of impending doom.The film starts with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) being offered a job as caretaker of the Overlook Hotel during the winter months, his son Danny already seems to know he has been offered the job, being told so by Tony, his seemingly imaginary friend who lives in his throat.Jack, his wife Wendy and Danny travel to the Overlook Hotel on its last day open before the shutdown, getting their as the guests and members of staff are leaving.
They meet with Manager Mr Ullman and the Overlook Chef, Dick Halloran, who has an instant connection with Danny due to certain abilities they both share, Halloran calls it "Shining", they can see certain things, speak to each other telepathically and even sense impending danger, Danny senses something bad in the Overlook and Halloran warns him to stay away from one room in particular.After a short period, Jack himself is starting to become more withdrawn, and his behaviour strange, it seems the bad things Danny sensed are starting to affect Jack, and some very strange and sinister forces are at work within the Overlook, and they don't like Danny's gift.This for me is an absolute cinematic masterpiece in horror, Kubrick's whole style here may not be for everyone (Stephen King himself hated what Kubrick did to his excellent Novel), but it works wonders for me, the music, the suspense, the cinematography, the overlook itself is a wonderfully isolated and creepy building whom no-one in their right mind would want to spend the winter months their amidst all the madness, some complain about the acting but for me it's not a problem, this is a horror film a bit of over the top and hammy is fine by me.This will be always hold a place in my heart, and will always be one of my all time favourite horrors, turn off the lights, and enjoy.10/10. Classic Horror. Besides the fact that my list of favorite movie makers is: 1)Stanley Kubrick 2)God Allmighty 3)the rest... this movie actually is better than the book (and the TV miniseries though this is an easy feat, considering the director). The flawless filming stile, the acting and (Kubrick's all time number one skill) the music - make it THE masterpiece of horror. I watched the TV miniseries a few years ago and liked the story and I had my hopes about this when I got a hold of it. IT BLEW ME AWAY!!! It is far better than I ever imagined it. It starts slow (Kubrick trademark) and has a lot of downtime that builds up the suspense. The intro scene is a classic by all means and I watched it about 20 times just for the shear atmosphere it induces to the whole film. Also the film doesn't offer a lot of gore (it has just enough and it is by no means tasteless) a trend that I hate in recent day horror films. Just watch it! 'The Shining' is one of the finest horror films ever made, and one of Stanley Kubrick's most amazing achievements (however there was many more). It was the only horror movie Kubrick ever made, which may be positive on our part; because he was always motivated by a style that seldom had seen reproduction from other filmmakers, this allows one to look at the product from a neutral perspective, canceling out all standard comparisons to other horror movies, especially those that were also tailored from Stephen King novels (although King himself thinks Kubrick's adaptation of his novel was butchery, for some reason?). To say that the picture is one of a kind is accurate, but one in a million feels even more appropriate. It is in that small handful of the scariest horror movies ever made, and it distances itself from the typical 'slasher' genre, which is now very tiring, because no remake in made in the 2000s can beat out the original 1970s/1980s version.Another equally amazing thing is, after all this time, is how well Kubrick used his actors, music and visuals to underscore the themes of the story itself. The technical details are prototypes in themselves, helping the story build massive tension; the long hallway shots, the eerie musical score, the use of words written backwards, the implication of a blizzard, and the tall, wide staircases establish a sense of uncertainty for both the audience and the individuals in the movie. Each of the characteristics are also evidence of the haunting craftsmanshipthe photography of the hotel, for instance, creates a portrait of breathtaking beauty long before the breakdown of the characters' lucidity chars our attraction to it.The performances are just brilliant, but with the exception of Shelly Duvaull, while her performance as a caring mother is good, her mousy screams get very overacted, and tedious after a while. But Jack Nicholson was AMAZING in this film, his performance was strong, believable and terrifying. It is easily his best performance to date!Overall, everything in The Shinning works brilliantly. Full of brilliant psychological scares and flawless imagery.10/10 I've never been a big horror fan, but I think I'm converting. Knowing the legendary status of "The Shining" I chose to watch it on Halloween. I was not disappointed. It's become one of my all time favorite films. I think I enjoyed it as much as I did because it wasn't a simple horror/slasher film. What blew me away was Kubrick's mastery of genre and his ability to incorporate so many different genre conventions into one story.Here are some reasons why I think "The Shining" is the Best Horror Film Ever (Contains spoilers):It creates iconic surrealistic images. I will never forget Jack Nicholson hitting the door with the ax, or chasing his son through the maze, or Danny riding his big wheel through the halls.It is also an adventure with a sort of happy ending. The driving momentum of the story is the hope the audience has that Danny and Wendy Torrance will somehow escape the madness. Danny in particular becomes the protagonist that we are rooting for, caught in a crazy adventure that may be a nightmare for him to experience, but is thrilling for us to witness. He must use both his special power and ultimately his wits to save himself and his mother. He saves them with his power by calling the chef who brings them the snow cat. And he saves them by his wits by outrunning Nicholson in the maze. When all is said and done, it's a satisfying adventure. It is also a sci-fi fantasy where the hero has a secret power that gives him some sort of edge in this creepy struggle. Credit for this must go to Steven King, a master of sci-fi horror. By giving the boy supernatural powers it gives him a fighting chance against the horror.It's the best ghost story I can think of. Ghosts in the movie look like real people, making them that much more creepy. Seeing a ghost all translucent and obviously a ghost would hardly be scary because we'd know that they are a ghost. It's the fact that they look real but we know logically that they aren't real that makes them scary. I loved the friendly and cordial British caretaker who slowly reveals his evil madness and gradually influences Jack.It has a slow measured pace, but always stays interesting and entertaining. It's a consistent slow burn. I really don't know how Kubrick does it. He creates a movie that is relatively slow by today's standards, yet the movie doesn't feel like an old film with a plodding pace. It's constantly interesting and continuously revealing tidbits of info, and so compelling in the performances, that we are sitting on the edge of our seat the entire time, wanting to know what's going to happen next.It's more scary than gory. Kubrick relies more on mood, odd/surrealistic images, and brilliant cinematography than gore to make the movie creepy. The parts that are gory are quick and intense flash cuts, given by supernatural revelation. And they aren't typically gross but unusually gross. For example, the only thing grosser than a rotting woman is an old ugly naked rotting woman.It's a unique take on the "Haunted Mansion" genre. Rather than choosing a stereotypically scary hotel, like "Psycho" or "The Haunting" it creates a big luxurious ski lodge, where the horror is lingering somewhere in the big vast spaces and corridors. In other words, Kubrick creates fear out of an environment we've likely experienced, where there's nothing overtly scary, but covertly, our imaginations due us in. We've all been to hotels and motels, and there's something intrinsically creepy about being in a place with so much unknown history. The imagined horrors are far scarier than anything that could be depicted. It has a certain logic that gets more and more hazy as the film descends into madness. Kubrick gives a lot of exposition in the beginning of the movie, laying the ground rules for everything that is to come. We understand that the child has a supernatural gift for seeing things and hearing things. We know the chef shares that power. We know that the hotel has some bad things that are lingering and haunting the place, namely the vicious murder of a caretaker's family. We know that there's a history of mild domestic violence in the Torrance family. Everything plays out through its set-up, while creating more questions than it answers. Like, what is really making Nicholson go mad? What is the blood rushing out of the elevators? Who's the rotting woman in the room? Why exactly is Jack going mad? And eventually, we wonder why Jack's image is seen in a picture from the 20's. The logic keeps the adventure and suspense grounded and the audience involved, while the mystery keeps the horror alive.The movie doesn't rely on conventional camera tricks to scare us. Most of what we think is scary in horror films is really surprise. You know the feeling. You're sitting in the theater and suddenly something comes out of nowhere and the entire audience jumps, screams, and then laughs. But there's nothing to laugh about in "The Shining." Kubrick is so confidant that his story is genuinely scary, he doesn't have to trick us into thinking we're scared.In the end, what is horror? Horror is facing the illogical nature of madness and being trapped in it. Our dreams are the most illogical experiences that we encounter on a regular basis, so it makes sense that he would tap into that collective experience for this film. I can't think of a film that better expresses what it feels like to be in a nightmare than this film. +Wonderful Cinematogtaphy +Beautiful Horrific Images +Fantastic Performances +Great Characters and Scares +Suspenseful Soundtrack +Ending That Will Leave You Speachless Probably the most popular and easily accessible Kubrick film in existence, THE SHINING is a film I've seen plenty of times over the years and yet it's a movie that never gets old. Part of the reason for that is the professionalism of the director; his cinematography is exceptional, really bringing the Overlook Hotel to life so that it becomes a character in itself.As well as being superb-looking, THE SHINING is both a creepy and exceptionally entertaining movie. It's far more effective than the Stephen King novel on which it was based, purely because it takes a more realistic approach to the material: you can argue perfectly correctly that this is a psychological tale of terror in which all of the events take place in the minds of the protagonists. Gone are the living hedges of the King novels, elements which Kubrick rightly realised wouldn't translate to the screen very well (check out the '90s THE SHINING TV miniseries to see how they did).Kubrick's main beef with the film is that the Jack Nicholson character seems psychotic from the outset, a contrast to his rational character in the book. But Nicholson is what makes this film a real delight to watch; he's a fantastic psycho and probably the most entertaining cinematic psychopath, better even than Anthony Perkins's Norman Bates. Duvall and Lloyd are fine, of course, but it's Nicholson who makes this such a compelling production. Finally, Kubrick throws in plenty of creepy stylistic techniques, like the subliminal images and some truly grotesque imagery, which makes this a chilly, frightening classic and one of the best 'haunted house' flicks in existence. Stephen King is one of the greatest American novelists in the past century. While he is dubbed a "horror writer," he is much more than that. He is a character writer, and while his novels are intended to scare, characters are the central point of the novels. They rely so heavily on backstory that the characters are practically real. However, this is very hard to do on film and it can result in making the story seem unimportant. So, as you can expect, I was not eager to see how they could ruin The Shining. Well, after reading the spectacular novel, I moved onto the film. After watching the film, I was flaming mad. The film The Shining does not fail from their overuse of backstory. These characters are completely shallow and you don't care about them. King novels are hard to adapt, but they can be done well. Carrie is an example of that. However, this movie is an awful adaptation. Kubrick basically took some character names, some locations, and made his own "scary hotel" movie. Why he couldn't just make his own "scary hotel" movie, I don't know. The acting is, for the most part, garbage. Shelley Duvall gives one of the worst performances I've ever seen. She's just so awful that you want her to get killed, as opposed to the novel. I just felt that I didn't care about anybody in this film. It felt empty and like there was no point to anything in the end. King said that he doesn't like the film because it doesn't make you feel. I agree completely with that. I felt nothing other than lack of interest when I watched this stinker. It wasn't even passable as a good stand-alone film. I hated every minute of this film. It was supposedly psychological horror, but it didn't make me think at all. This movie is horrible, and I hope book readers never have to witness an adaptation as bad as this atrocity...well, okay, there is the '97 TV movie, but even that's not as bad as this crap! The movie The Shining is a psychological horror film directed by Stanley Kubrick. This movie is definitely one of the most scariest horror movies of all times! The eerie music always made me tense during the film. Nowadays, there are some good horror movies, but most of them are jump scares and the chills don't last that long. However, this movie gave me so much chills and freaked me out throughout the movie and even after the movie! Jack Nicholson did a great job acting as Jack Torrace and I was especially impressed with Kubrick's determination. Apparently, he made Jack Nicholson do method acting which was why his acting was outstanding! Another interesting fact was that the kid didn't know that this was a horror movie until he was 17! Finally, there was this one scene where an elevator door opened and blood flooded the entire set. And according to an article from MoviePilot, that blood was actually real blood and it took 6 months to completely clean up the set!Overall, this movie was eerie and I recommend this movie for people who are obsessed with horror.96/100 The Shining is a thought-provoking meditation on madness, isolation and paranoia that presents the demanding perfectionist that is Stanley Kubrick in majestic form, as it defies everything that was usually a norm in the genre of horror back then yet puts on screen a cinema that is now regarded as the definitive example of atmospheric horror. Immortal for its contribution to horror, a staple of pop culture, and a classic amalgamation of superb direction, deft writing, innovative camerawork, skillful editing, menacing score and steadfast performances featuring one of the greatest of all time with Jack Nicholson's, The Shining remains one of the greatest achievements of its genre and the cinematic artform in general. It's only getting better with every passing year, and definitely ranks amongst Stanley Kubrick's finest works. I have not seen many horror films, simply because i never seemed it to be a watchable genre, then i watched misery, i thought i was scared then. But 'The Shining' took me to new levels of psychological terror.The entire film, works together as one tense, frightening atmosphere. From the moment Jack Torrance says that his family will 'love it', the viewer is plunged into the dark and unpredictable story of madness and blood.Kubrick uses incredible visual techniques. I find myself skipping a breath each time Danny turns a corner on his tricycle. I found myself skipping several more where Kubrick makes two twin girls seem utterly terrifying.Enriched with colourful ideas, a closed set (used to amazing effect), fantastic acting and the most memorable madness and supernatural experience you can find in modern cinema.This fantastic and iconic story, with startling music and fine dialogue remains one of Kubrick's finest pictures The Shining is a weird example of adaptation: it has very little in common with the source novel, written by Stephen King, yet it is widely remembered as one of the best cinematic renditions of the horror master's work. This is due to two factors: Stanley Kubrick's masterful direction and Jack Nicholson's chilly acting.Nicholson plays Jack Torrance, a writer who accepts to take care of the Overlook Hotel in Canada during the winter period, unaffected by the gruesome stories surrounding the place: he claims a nice, isolated location is just what he needs to finish his new book. Therefore the Overlook becomes the new home of the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year old son Danny (Danny Lloyd). The boy in particular senses right from the beginning that something's wrong: he has been told by the cook, Dick O' Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) that he is endowed with a mysterious psychic energy, the titular Shining, which allows people like him and Dick to see flashes from the past and the future, among other things. Because of this "gift", the forces that inhabit the hotel immediately take an interest in Danny, even though he is quite capable of resisting them. That is not Jack's case, however, as he gets increasingly paranoid regarding his wife's affections and seeks comfort in the company of what can best be defined as ghosts, triggering a chain of insanity and dread which is very hard to break.The Shining works as a horror movie because Kubrick, though having never worked on this kind of film before, knew exactly what was effective and what wasn't, hence the larger focus on atmosphere and psychological shocks than gore and creative bloodbaths. King criticized the director for changing most of the story, omitting most of the Jack/Danny subplot (merely hinted at in the film) that led to the book's emotionally strong climax, and while his disappointment is valid, the omission was actually necessary: the novel dealt with redemption, albeit in an unconventional way, and redemption is a theme Kubrick, one of the most famous analysts of human decay, never had a soft spot for. What he is interested in is the mental, and subsequently physical, unbalance that threatens the characters, and he keeps the creepy tone even thanks to a very cold approach and expert use of the steadicam shot (Danny's encounter with two ghostly twins being the best example).Another criticism King raised was about the actors, especially Nicholson: in the writer's opinion, his trademark grin at the start of the movie seemed to indicate Jack already was insane, thus undermining the rest of the story. Now, it is true that Nicholson looks a bit goofy from the very beginning, but it is equally true that Martin Sheen (King's ideal choice for the role) probably would not have been able to deliver a performance as terrifying as Nicholson's: from the moment he starts grinning in a more unsettling way than before to the immortal "Here's Johnny!" scene, it is impossible to picture another actor playing that part, and even though the TV version of The Shining from 1997 isn't bad the Torrance character is indelibly linked to the One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest star. As for Duvall and Lloyd, both add terrific support, the latter especially deserving a place alongside Harvey Stephens (The Omen's Damien) and Haley Joel Osment as cinema's great horror child icons. One might complain about Duvall being completely different from the book counterpart (blonde and beautiful) and not having much else to do but scream and run, but two things ought to be considered: a) back in 1980 the "scream queen" cliché wasn't one yet; b) rarely has any actress looked so genuinely terrified on camera, making the book-movie differences secondary compared to the real fear that emerges from Wendy's eyes.Irvine Welsh, the author of Trainspotting, once said there is no such thing as a completely faithful adaptation of any literary work (and he should know, given the liberties Danny Boyle took when his junkie masterpiece was brought to the screen), yet that doesn't mean the movie is necessarily bad. The Shining proves said point to perfection: very little from the novel, approximately 5%, is included in the film, but in Kubrick and Nichlolson's hands this masterclass in loose cinematic translation becomes one of the finest, most original horror pictures of all time, which really is saying something given the genre's current poor form. The movie is amazing from the beginning to the very end. You simply can't stop watching and the tension is present at all time. The first time I saw it, I couldn't move an inch, because I didn't want to miss a moment of it. I've seen the move for a few times now, but it still takes my breath away. It is amazing, that a movie, which was made in 1980 can get your attention at it's every second. Jack Nicholson appears as a real psycho and every time you see him appear on screen, there is this slightly uncomfortable feeling. His acting is of course astonishing! He can convince you completely through out the whole movie. But the thing I find most interesting is the ending. Because you have to think for a while to figure out what the photo means. And when you do...it just gives you the chills! Brilliant Horror film ! while I was watching the film at a packed movie theater, I was thinking Chucky has finally met his match in Annabelle. not that Annabelle the movie is anything like the Child's play films, it is very different and perhaps the only common factor they share is the presence of a doll.the movie was executed professionally, everything was top notch, from direction to Cinematography, and from acting to plot and dialog, everything was in place. I also loved the 70s vibe, and the lead actress Annabelle Wallis playing Mia was also excellent.the movie had its shares of scares, jump out of your seat surprises but nothing over the top, it might not be as scary as people might be expecting and hence some of the negative reviews here from other users. However, I thought the movie was well balanced and relied mainly on story and character rather than being overtly scary, which was perfect in my opinion and it what made it so good and successful in my eyes.I highly recommend this, a good Horror film to start October with and prepare for Halloween. go watch it Very very scary . The 2 nd scariest movie of all time right behind the exorcist . I don't get scared easily , I had seen hundreds of horror movies but this one really scared me , the basement elevator scene is the scariest movie scene of all time ( I'm still shaken up by it ) If you want to get scared than go see this movie . Don't listen to people who haven't even seen this movie . Its genuinely scary and I can handle a lot . its about a doll that is possessed and wants to take the main characters child ( her "soul ") , it has some very intense scare scenes , I would say the best scare scenes ever filmed but the doll itself isn't scary at all . I loved this movie! I dragged my best friend with me (who is terrified by scary movies) and I jumped more than she did--but thats probably because she kept her head hidden most of the movie. Annabelle is the perfect creepy doll. She doesn't even say anything, yet she's still creepy as hell! It was a slow moving scary movie -- which makes this movie all the more scary. I don't like movies where they throw blood and gore in your face; thats too predictable. This movie had all the pieces of the puzzle to connect both movies (The Conjuring and Annabelle) together. I thought the part where the mother saw a little girl in the nursery, and just as the door was closing the girl came running and flipped to a crazy girl in a bloody nightgown If you liked Insidious, than this is a must watch. As opposed to a movie focusing on the doll Annabelle like Child's Play does with Chucky, this movie steers to the evil behind the doll. Good Decision. Props to the director for this. What really impressed me was how I could say this movie belongs up in the category of Insidious for the many creepy scenes. There were some laughs, and some jump stomach aching inducing scenes. I don't know who the director of this movie is, but when I do I will keep my eyes open to See what else he contributes. 2014 was a good year for horror movies. First "Tusk", and now "Annabelle". A demonic soul is present in the doll but without movement it is just used to create hallucinations to its owner.
The story of an evil doll who wants to kill its owners by bringing them bad luck and curse.No jump in the movie this film lacks a touch of fear and anguish. This movie is probably the scariest horror movie that I have ever seen! I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. It provided ample amount of scares causing me to jump out of my skin several times which is very hard for a horror film to bring out of me. The fact that I had watched a documentary about the real doll before watching the movie helped make it that much scarier. If you didn't like this movie it's probably because it scared you a little too much. If you found it slow perhaps you have a form of ADHD (no offense intended). I also loved the fact that they stepped away from the normal format of most movies about demons keeping them invisible and for short brief moments letting us see the terrifying creature. I'm shocked this movie has received such low ratings. I've seen a LOT of horror films (as one can assume from my user name), so I'm more critical than most of horror films but this one was honestly very well done. The actors did a fantastic job, the baby was adorable, and that elevator scene and the stair scene following it were absolutely phenomenal! I don't jump, scare, or become startled easily at movies whether in a theater or at home but this one managed to freak me out and make me jump a few times. The elevator scene just kept me on edge waiting for the demon to reappear and grab her or drag her or something! Then when she was running up the stairs and stopped to look back and all you can see is this vague dark outline and your thought process goes "Wait is that the demon...? I think it is. Oh god, it is!". Truly classic horror movie techniques. I get so tired of slasher films that only want sex, rape, nudity and blood. I'm sorry, but a man running around just cutting off naked girls limbs isn't really terrifying. Also the part with the priest running into the church with the doll, I expected the girl to be standing in the church all like "Haha holy ground my ass!" and then slaughter him, but instead he went flying back towards the street where she stood which caught me off guard and made me jump a little.The only part I'm still a little unsure of whether it was beneficial or negative is when Mia (the mother) is in their dining room and the doll is sitting on the ground then floats up and you see the demon/creature thing standing behind holding it and it shows its face... It's definitely a decently creepy demon, I just sometimes prefer only a somewhat reveal of it like when it was on the stairs. I feel like showing its face completely can take away the horror of the unknown.Really, people should give this film a chance. I thought it was even better than conjuring and I thought conjuring was great as well. Anabelle Is A Really Creepy Doll. She Keeps Writing Letters In Red Crayon. They Throw Her Away Only For Anabelle To Come Back. The Girl Kills Her Parents And The Slits Her Throat And Her Blood Goes In The Anabelle Doll. And Then She Starts Messing With This Family. And Then She Wants To Posses The Baby. This Movie Is Creepy. And Then That One Girl Jumps Out The Window And Kills Herself Oh My Gosh. I Love Anabelle It Is Scary. Annabelle is one of the most incredible movies I have ever watched. I went to go watch it in theaters with my friends and my family. The only part that made me scream was when the devilish finger popped out at us. I screamed and flung popcorn every where and throw my feet um on my seat. My brother started to cry so he berried his face in the bucket of popcorn. That was the best night ever. I have never watched a movie with so much going on and all had to do with a doll with rosy pink cheeks. After that I had dreams about having a doll like her and it was amazing but frighting at the same time. After I watched the movie I wanted a doll like Annabelle for the longest time ever. My mother told me I was crazy. This is one of the scariest movies I have seen. It has a great story line. It also has great acting. It also has great special effects. It is very scary. The Conjuring movie are a little better. But still this a great movie. It got a 5.4. Which is a good ratting. But still 5.4 is to low for this movie. I give it 10 out of 10. It is very scary. If you want to see a really scary movie. Then see this movie. It is very scary. It will scary you. If it does not scary you no movie will. It is very scary. It is scary then The Exorcist and that is not easy to do. It is true the The Conjuring is scarier. So is The Conjuring 2. But that is about the only two movie that are scarier. Nice and scary
Its first scary film I watched it
I love this film
And the anabel is a the best Best horror movie I like it a lot must watch i love it The best horror movie there is awesome I like it better love it To Janice:
You are my friend, my daughter and my princessFrom your father,
Thomas JUST 5,4?IT DESERVES 10/10
JUST 5,4?IT DESERVES 10/10
JUST 5,4?IT DESERVES 10/10
JUST 5,4?IT DESERVES 10/10
JUST 5,4?IT DESERVES 10/10 When I saw the movie for the first time, my reaction at the end was the same as the whole audiences. WTF??? I was mainly disappointed and felt like I was wasting time and money. The movie left scars behind and I couldn't stay alone at home being that scarred for many days - which was kind of a good sign as I hardly get scarred watching horror movies nowadays (I am nearly 47 and grew up with all horror classics... I've "seen them all...").
As said, I was super angry having watched this movie. Yesterday, I went to the cinema with my 20 year old son as he wanted to see the movie with me. As loving father I agreed. This time I figured out what is truly going on in the movie! Caution - Spoiler !!:
The dear grandmom was a satanist. I knew that from the first time. Joanne, her "girlfriend" as well. I also got that one. But what was the electric impulse which you could see? This i figured out the second time. It was Paimon, the demon haunting the son of Annie. But Paimon needed the son to be dead first to be able to enter his body for good - which happenes just at the end of the movie when Peter jumpes out of the window. You can see Peter lying on the ground in front of the house when the electric impulse comes and enters Peters body. That was Paimon. Now Paimon has entered Peters body finally. The summoning was successful. And finally - Peter (now Paimon) makes that strange sound with his tongue, just like Charlie did before. Why? Charlie was the host of Paimon before. But her body was not healthy and it was a girls body, not the body of a man, which Paimon needed. Thats why Charlies grandmother wanted to her to be a boy instead of being a girl.
Makes sense now? 
And btw: Paimon is a real figure as well as the sign used in this film. It is one of the 72 demons from the Grimoire - some magic book also used by people like Aleister Crowley. 
Knowing that, the film has now become a real masterpiece. The tension increases constantly till the showdown at the end, when the movie suddenly becomes one of the most fearing horror movies I have ever seen. 
Well done A24 and Ari Aster! Great acting from the cast as well! This has to be one of the best horror movies ever! Toni Collette gives a performance of a lifetime and I think possibly the best of her career. Just when you think you know what's going on, the movie flips. It's so amazingly written and such a thrill ride. Not for the faint of heart!! I've watched this so many times but still get the same chill every single time. Definitely would recommend to horror fans! Review: 10/10 And I mean this in the best way possible. The spectrum of emotions you go through range from sheer terror to complete hopelessness and sorrow. The movie picks at the human psyche in all the right ways. It's both hard to watch and impossible to look away. Hands down the best horror films I've ever seen, perhaps one of the best films in general. I really didn't know what to expect going in to see this film. I had seen the trailer and all of the good press for it, I adore Toni Collete, and I generally enjoy horror films. I left the theater with a pit in my stomach and came back the next day to see it again; this is a film that rewards multiple viewings.The film began rather predictably, in my opinion. However, the truly unexpected and disorienting end of the first act grabbed my attention and never let up from there. This film digs its hooks in deep and slowly drags you down into a pit of despair. There is a gleam of light at the end of the tunnel, but it isn't what you think. This is the first film in a while to keep me on my toes throughout its runtime, even if its plot isn't groundbreaking. The amazing performances, sublime cinematography, and outrageously outstanding sound design makes this film a real treat for anyone with a special affection for the medium.I've seen many compare this to The Exorcist and Rosemary's Baby, and I agree mostly with those comparisons. However, I also see this film as a distant relation to the original 1976 Carrie. Both films put family drama at the forefront and milk every ounce of dread from the truly hideous realities of familial cohabitation for what it's worth. What makes these films so stirring isn't jump scares, special FX, or "payoffs" to every tense scene they present; it is instead forefronting the all-to-real human tension and making the audience sit with it as uncomfortably as possible. The scenes that stick with me from Carrie aren't just her supernatural revenge at the prom, but the abuse from her mother and the gut-punching shower scene that opens the film. It's those moments of having to experience the very real ugliness of humanity that stir me and stay on my skin for days after seeing a film.My opinion is that this film is a masterpiece and will certainly be joining my list of all-time favorite horror films. However, it is definitely not for everyone. This is a film that's made to stand out to already-avid film fans with an appreciation for the format; those with short-attention spans and/or those accustomed to the mile-a-minute breakneck pace of most horror films won't enjoy this. I also think (and I'm going out on a limb here) that this is a film most readily accessible to those who have already experienced a major physical or existential loss or crisis in their life or are intimate with the feeling of being manipulated. There a lot of reports of people "giggling" during the film; I think some of this can be chalked up to the sheer discomfort this film causes, but I also think it may in some cases come from not being able to grasp the logic and affective phenomenon of grief that this film so accurately and exquisitely captures. This film is a meditation on themes of grief, family, manipulation, and ultimately a lack of control. This isn't a film like The Conjuring (which is also one of my favorites) that gives you more than enough "cues" to be scared during certain parts of the film; instead, this film relies on your attention to detail and your willingness to be devoured by its sinister textures. I don't even know where to begin with this one. When I heard that it was being made by some of the same people who worked on The Witch (which some people didn't like, but I liked it), I had high hope for this film, and boy was I not disappointed. Such a breath of fresh air for the genre in a time where Hollywood has prostituted it and released nothing but garbage. Not only was the film scary as hell, but it also had a lot to say about grief and trauma. The way the film is put together is its strongest part. The pacing, the editing, the cinematography, and the sound design all worked together to create a truly unique and hellish vision of horror. I'm a horror veteran, and rarely actually jump or feel tense, but this film made me feel like a horror virgin again, actually frightening me like no other Hollywood film can.The acting was also superb all around and only adds to the horror being presented on screen. Each character was unique and added their own style to this modern horror masterpiece. I saw many people in the theater jumping and looking away, some being grown men. A couple people even left, and I can't imagine its because they felt it was a bad film, because it was not. I am seriously considering going and seeing it again which hasn't happened since the Evil Dead remake and The Raid. I would say this film is a must see for any horror fan or for anyone wanting to be scared out of their minds. It's really a shame that people who are too lazy and desensitized to appreciate this film gave it negative reviews. The fact that anyone would rate this movie any less than a 9/10 is despicable to me. This film was an absolute masterclass in it's genre. From the opening scene you will feel a tremendous level of discomfort and apprehension that only intensifies as the movie goes on. The performances by all those involved are excellent. No jump scares, no unbelievable characters, no exaggeration of blood and guts. This film is exactly what horror should be: terrifying. A movie that will sit with you well after you leave the theater. My favourite movie of 2018 was a very disturbing one that was filled with sharp turns and twists filled with horrifying scenes incredible acting pagan cults and really great directing there's not that much I can say about this movie just don't go into it with a full stomach this is not your average horror movie I don't need to say that you should watch it you might regret it it's very unsettling This movie is not a traditional horror movie. In fact, I would even go so far as to say it is not even a horror movie at all, just a heavy drama movie with terrifying elements to it. This movie did absolutely everything right, from the extremely realistic dialogue, to the astoundingly realistic visuals, to the cinematography, and more. Everything about this movie just worked, there was absolutely no scene or shot that felt unneeded or unnecessary. The movie looked gorgeous, and then, fitting for the mood of the movie, it seemed to darken the colors and the tone of the shots and cinematography overall. The acting in this movie was complete perfection, down to even the most minor of characters. Toni Collette gives by far the best performance I have seen by an actress this year and I can easily say that she deserves to be acknowledged in the upcoming Oscars. Even Alex Wolff, whom I did not think would do a great job within the movie, did an outstanding job. The thing that drives this movie forward is the pure tension that is felt not only within the characters and between them, but with the audience as well. This movie is horror at its finest, pure tension, no reliance on jumpscares. There was a particular scene that just blew me away with how well it was shot, it involved a character being in their bed and then looking around their room thinking to have heard something, and all the while, there is a mysterious figure lurking in the darkness. And rather than use this figure to provide a chance for a cheap jumpscare, the director just lets the audience soak in the image of that entity in the room with the character, and no jumpscare happens. This is the definition of a pure horror movie that relies on tension and nothing else. This is definitely one of the best movies I have seen all year, and the second best horror movie I have ever seen, right behind 2015's The Witch. This movie blew me away, and if you are a fan of horror movies, drama movies, or both, go see this movie. It is utterly and completely amazing. I am a horror fanatic and I have not seen a movie that has impressed me this much since the first time I saw The Shining. The director reminds me of a mixture of Lars Von Trier's encrypted mind and Wes Anderson's pleasing imagery. The narrative itself keeps the viewer guessing the genre which only adds to the suspense in having no idea where the movie could go. So wonderfully thought out, so incredibly visually pleasing. A must see for anyone who's a fan of horror, gore, drama, suspense, etc. I am in love with this movie. I've spent my whole life watching horror movies yet there were parts of this movie that left me in utter shock
and horror, left me gasping and hoping they wouldn't go where they did. I can't praise this movie enough.. brutal, crafty, original, eerie, compelling.. just brilliant and utterly disturbing and terrifying. I can't say enough good things. This movie is a puzzle that you have to put together yourself. Every shot and every sequence has meaning and there is so much to think about after seeing this movie. There are so many powerful shots near the end and just stay with you. Don't expect to just see this movie and move on... you will need to do some thinking, you will need to do some research, and I feel this movie will be talked about for a very long time. There are images that I will probably never be able to get rid of in my head, which is great because I love horror and this is exactly what I could have wanted from a horror movie. Definitely one of the greatest horror films released for some years. Where to even start with this absolute roar of a film. I'll just go ahead and say this - Hereditary is absolutely brilliant. Just brilliant. It is a terrifying film written and directed by first-time director Ari Aster and stars Toni Collette in her finest role yet about the disintegration of a family. To say more about the plot would be too cruel - but, allow me to reiterate, Hereditary is TERRIFYING and one of the best horror films I've ever seen in my life.What I love so much about this film is it takes its time to introduce us to the characters - we get a sense of who the characters are within the first 20 minutes. It sets up the characters and develops them in a way that we don't usually see in horror films. Usually, they cut straight to incessant, annoying jump scares and give no backstory or character development. Hereditary makes you FEEL for the characters, so when you see their lives go awry, you truly feel it - psychologically and emotionally, because you really do care about these characters.The film only has a handful of jumpscares and relies much more on psychological tricks to mess with your mind. The film is incredibly intense and uncomfortable to watch for the first 80 or so minutes, before transitioning into full-blown Lynchian horror in the last 40. It never pulls back - the horror is traumatic, cruel, and relentless. It does not allow you to breathe - once it pulls you in with its cinematic tricks, you're stuck. Pure arthouse magic.It also has a very human side to it. All supernatural occurrences aside, it is at its heart an exploration into grief, and how grief is almost like a ghost, haunting the entire family. It is also a film about how grief is dealt with, and what lengths people would go to stop grieving.The score, cinematography and lighting is just brilliant. Ari Aster has set himself up for a talent not to be ignored. The fact that this is his first feature film is INSANE. The film is so well directed, you never would have guessed this is Ari Aster's first film. Brilliant.I will say this though - Hereditary is not a 'fun' horror movie like most, - you can't go in and expect to be thrilled. No, instead, the film is dark, depressing, disturbing, hard to watch and incredibly unbearable with its intensity levels. I did, at some points, especially during the traumatizing finale, want to leave the cinema because it simply became too much to handle for me. Don't get me wrong this isn't a bad thing at all though.Overall, HEREDITARY is just terrifying. It grips you and doesn't let you go and just when you think it cannot get more shocking and disturbing, it does. Hereditary is truly a must watch and changes the game for modern, arthouse horror. This movie comes as close to perfect as any horror movie can. What was most surprising about this movie was the comedy. The actors were so skilled that your stomach would be turning with disgust one minute, and then suddenly the entire theatre is laughing at what often felt like a genuinely improvised line. Alex Wolff deserves all the praise he's been afforded so far for this movie, because even though he's a young actor, he stole the film through the second act. Toni Colett was astounding, to say the least. Unlike other reviewers, I actually found the ending surpremely appropriate. Having gone into this movie with no spoilers besides the trailer on a pre-opening viewing, I was one of many audience members in my theatre who literally ended up making commentary as the movie reel rolled, such was our disbelief. Every expectation I had was wrong, in the most disturbing, blood-curdling way possible. I normally hate when people talk in the theatre, but this movie was so disturbing and shocking to fresh viewers that it was a forgone conclusion. This is one of those films that you HAVE to talk about when you witness it. I recommend seeing it without any spoilers revealed, so you can really experience the horror of the storyline unfolding. Even though I'm an adult, I refused to sleep alone once I got home from Hereditary. A movie hasn't rattled me like that since seeing my very first horror movie at the age of 9, the original Friday the 13th. This film will follow you to your car, stay with you as you drive home with white knuckles and paranoia, and rest on your shoulders with a profound sense of unease once you eventually find yourself in the dark. I'm thankful I saw it, but I don't think I could ever take watching it again. Let me start this off by saying I did not enjoy The Witch. Too slow of a burn for me. Hereditary on the other hand was brilliant. Started off slow which had me worried but this movie was more willing to explore the supernatural element and when they went for it, they really went for it. No cheap scares here, thick tension building atmosphere and bread crumbs of clues lead up to one of the most intense final acts I have seen in awhile. An instant classic in my book, a horror movie that takes it self seriously (as does every actor and actress involved) and demands your respect. Go see this film. I can't believe some of you out there have rated 'Hereditary' 1 out of 10 - you should be banned from watching another film ever again Before we start. PLEASE, hold out on seeing this movie for a few more days! The audience that is in the theater because of the hype will totally ruin it for you. Unnecessary sounds, laughing at inappropriate times and copying main characters. I know spoilers will be around every corner, but you need to see this film whilst being able to be completely absorbed by it. I promise you, you will not be disappointed. A family drama that takes disturbing turns and grabs you by the throat. Honestly, the best horror film I've ever seen! The only thing I hate, is that I don't get to see it for the first time again. Hereditary feels like it was conceived as a response to horror films like the Paranormal Activity films, in that horror films have never been jump-scare dependent fests; and that they can be scary in how uneasy they make you feel as you watch the story unfold on-screen. I could see influences of The Omen, The Exorcist, and mother! (for better or worse). It's got its fair-share of uneasy scares and subtle beat-driven scares and shocks.I can see why some people didn't take too kindly to this movie, and that's fine. My thoughts on the matter though: this film succeeds in telling a story bigger and scarier than any jump-scare fest. Hereditary is a must-see horror movie. And it's a must-see for the 2010s. The acting in this movie was excellent but what makes it so special is the reward that you get if you are in the moment and you pay attention to this movie. The dark atmosphere and uneasy feelings that you get from things like a child who mutilates dead animals or the uncanny valley of the life-like miniatures made it hard to look away and not be pulled in to this dreadful tale. Also the sound and music were spot on.Ari Aster has shown himself to be a powerful and resourceful director using lots of different methods to tell this crooked and misdirecting horror story. I wish I could watch it again for the first time.This may make me sound like a horrible person, but I feel really lucky that I was in the right mindset to watch this film. The bad reviews make me feel like I received something valuable that not everyone is going to get because I got to experience what the director wanted me to see the first time through. if you watch this movie and you are not invested. you are never going to get to watch it for the first time again because the ending will spoil that. And this movie is clearly a labor of love that doesn't come around very often. Especially for the actors. Toni Collete and Peter Wolf, particularly, gave us a piece of themselves on the screen. When the ending comes, it will look silly to you if you weren't ready to see what was coming. SPOILER A lot of people had an issue with all the nudity. These were not models, the nudity was not fun to look at. The thing is, devil worshipers and satanists are often naked for rituals. There are lots of reasons but the one that I recall the most is that it is a rejection of the original sin, the rejection of the application of shame to nakedness. The rejection of a penalty applied to mankind by God. In that sense, it is supposed to make you uncomfortable. And the normal human reaction to feeling uncomfortable is to detach. So there were people in the audience laughing. I felt the movie was slowly pulling you out of your comfort zone and that the pot was slowly and expertly brought to a boil. I feel lucky to be one of the people that really got their money's worth from this brilliant film. No doubts about it, whatever experience you think you're going to get from Hereditary or whatever you think Hereditary is, it's probably not, but where there are no doubt's is in the fact that Ari Aster's scarily good debut film is a modern day horror classic.A deeply disturbing and unsettling film, that crafts an ominous and dread filled environment from its opening frames until its unforgettable finale, Hereditary isn't your typical jump scare filled horror event, more so an incendiary, mentally mind melting offering that will crawl under your skin and stay there for days and weeks afterwards.Focusing on the Graham family who are mourning (or celebrating?) the recent passing of their secretive grandmother Ellen, Aster's film introduces us to Toni Collette's miniature making mother Annie, Gabriel Bryne's kind-hearted therapist father Steve and Nat Wolff and Milly Shapiro's teenage children Peter and Charlie, as the slightly dysfunctional crew begin to find their lives taking some (lets we say odd) turns in the aftermath of Ellen's death.With this peculiar collection of souls, Aster has established a horror film family for the ages, that's impressively played by all performers, with Australia's own Toni Collette delivering a career best and award's worthy turn as the mentally unhinged Annie, whose life has been anything but ordinary.With Collette's Annie and Shapiro's downright unnerving Charlie at the forefront, Aster builds a narrative that is slow burning in nature but utterly gripping from start to finish and it's the type of experience that is best watched as blind as possible to allow the viewer to absorb, and in many ways handle, the goings on.You know and understand from very early on that not all is as it seems in Aster's tale and it's a sustained feeling that pulls the rug out from under you on more than a few occasions, making you quickly understand that anything is possible in this unique and powerful creation.Combined with Pawel Pogorzelski brilliant cinematography and Colin Stetson's goose bump inducing score, Aster's debut is two hours of pure unadulterated tension and brilliance and it really can't be overstated just how impressive Aster's effort is here as a first-time director, marking him down instantly as one of the industry's brightest new talents.Final Say -There's so much that can be said about this stunning and hauntingly horrific tale and while arguably not for all tastes, for those that fall under Hereditary's spell, this is a cinematic experience not to be missed, with Aster's film one that is set to be talked about and picked a part for year's yet to come.5 chocolate cakes out of 5 I don't think I've watched another film as anxiety-inducing as Hereditary. From the opening scene there is a feeling of wrongness... and that feeling continues to grow as the film goes on. If you're paying attention to the surroundings as well as to the actors (who are brilliant!!), you see things that raise your hackles; sometimes you need to do a double-take... just to make sure you saw correctly. It'll mess with your mind. And just when you think you've figured it out, the film throws something else at you, completely shattering that belief.A lot of people say the ending makes no sense. But everything that happens in the film, from the very beginning, adds up. It's supernatural; it's mental health; it's family, and loss, and grief. I thought the ending was pretty much perfect. It was almost calming, in a strange way (no spoilers though... you'll either know what I mean, or you'll think I'm a weirdo). When the credits roll, you breathe a sigh of relief, then immediately want to talk about it with someone! It's in no way forgettable, and that feeling of anxiety takes a good while to leave you. I think that's what makes a horror movie - any movie really - truly great.
 
It's not a film made to gross you out, or make you jump (though you might once or twice), which I suppose is what a lot of people were expecting, thus they hated it. It's a simmering horror. It's two hours of anxiety and tension and darkness. It'll leave you feeling pretty damn fragile (I know I needed a hug after watching it!). I can't wait to see what Ari Aster comes up with next!! I was under the impression that I could no longer be truly frightened by a horror film. Especially those with supernatural themes. The last one I saw in the theater featuring demon-possession, Annabelle: Creation, was entertaining and exceeded my expectations, for sure. I was never really scared while watching it, though. It was fun but there was nothing...believable about that kind of horror to me.Walking into Hereditary, I was in a completely empty theater auditorium, and I had no clue what to expect. I'd heard a glowing review of the film from one of my favorite authors, Bret Easton Ellis, who insisted in an episode of his podcast that this was a horror film unlike the usual ones we get these days. It had really had an effect on him, and he had so much praise for it, so I knew I had to see it while it was still in theaters. I had very high hopes that I would finally be genuinely frightened by a horror film again, much like I was the first time I had seen Paranormal Activity in the theater as a teenager.Did Hereditary ever deliver.Thirty minutes into the film, I became tense; there was no telling where this film was going to go anymore. I felt uneasy, and realized my teeth were firmly clenched together. My anxiety was through the roof. I wanted to see what would happen next and I also hoped for a moment to relax and feel safe. The stunning cinematography and brilliant acting performances from the entire cast had me absolutely immersed in this horror story.Without giving away too much information - because you should absolutely see this film knowing little about it in order to experience its many surprises - this horror film is not typical in any way. Much like The Babadook, it draws parallels between supernatural events and the experience of mental illness and grief on a family. I feel that Hereditary surpasses The Babadook, however, in its much more effective storytelling and thrilling imagery. One thing you should know before seeing Hereditary is that there are many subtle, yet extremely important, pieces of information that make the conclusion a lot more comprehensible if you pick up on them. Paying close attention to detail is vital when viewing this film, and I very much look forward to viewing it a second time and noticing even more details that I possibly missed. I'm sure there were a few.I commend Ari Aster's artistry that went into creating one of the best horror films I have ever seen. He truly understands the horror genre and how to do it brilliantly. This being his first full-length film, I am highly anticipating his future work and I'll definitely be purchasing Hereditary when it is released on 4k Ultra HD. I imagine it will be a film I revisit many times, despite how utterly shaken I was after my first viewing. I highly recommend this film to fans of psychological horror; you will not be disappointed.Film Grade: A+ Hereditary is a horror film like you have never seen before! It keeps you on the edge of your seat with gripping tension and a horrifying soundtrack! There is one moment in this film that will blow you away. You have been warned!!! I'm gonna keep this short and sweet. I absolutely loved this movie. But I totally get how others (including my better half) didn't. If you don't like slow-burners. Not for you.If you don't like cerebral horror in the slightest. Not for you. If you think jump-scares are a poor mans attempt to get your popcorn flying. Then this IS for you.It's a thinking man/woman's movie. Hands down, the best horror movie in years. 10/10 This movie puts horror genre back on its feet.
You have to watch this gem. In the beggining it's slow but towards the end it picks up the pace while twisting your intestines. Very disturbing yet excellent movie. Great directing and overall acting. This year's "The Witch". Highly reccomended. Quick preface, yes I do love horror movies - anything from zombies to slasher films to your supernatural and all-too-human and real thriller types etc etc. I always have and I've seen more than I could even begin to count. You could say I have a bit of an affinity for horror movies, sure, but that doesn't cloud my mind when it comes to identifying a turd vs a masterpiece.Hereditary is as close to a masterpiece as I have seen though I wouldn't brand it as a masterpiece for the simple fact that it's a bit too akin to "perfect" and nothing is perfect. There is not a single jump scare, not a single loud burst noise meant to startle you, nothing purposeful and obvious anyway (or at all). It's just a pure, unadulterated creepfest. Eerie, disturbing, uncomfortable, unsettling - all words I would absolutely use to describe this movie in the best way possible.Many horror movies and thrillers like A Quiet Place (also a great film) have some very suspenseful scenes. But those are just scenes. Temporary settings in which the director can build up suspense to some fun climax. All I will say about that aspect of Hereditary is at a certain point, the entirety of the movie put me in a long, sustained state of suspense. Nearly literal edge-of-my-seat kind of thing except that I was too comfortable leaning back.I don't even see it necessary to get into any sort of specifics with this film. Read the synopsis and reviews, etc etc. Just know that it is so much more than any words can truly describe. Do yourself a favor and see it. For me, an avid moviegoer especially concerning horror movies, this thing is a gem. Wonderfully acted, the soundscape and landscape is just so damn perfect. Off-screen noises coupled with a very appropriate visual just fills you with a sense of dread at times for what is happening on screen. I absolutely loved this movie. It affected me more than any other movie in recent memory, maybe ever. I truly, truly do not understand even in the slightest how this movie is getting anything less than a 7 or an 8. These clowns bashing it and giving it a 1 are off their rocker. I don't know what they were watching but it wasn't Hereditary. My only guess is they were expecting some obvious jumpy typical Hollywood scary movie that didn't present them with obvious, orthodox scares. I was so stunned to see ANY 1s at all much less several. Ignore them entirely. Just see it. In a few words: smart, entertaining, novel and intense thriller movie. Beautiful cinematography and excellent acting from the kids and Emily Blunt. Nice one for John Krasinksi for first time directing.
The hype was right, this is a thrilling film.
10/10 for the fun. I am Deaf. I realllllly enjoy it!! So it good for people who know sign Langurge and deaf. For deaf people have to watch that movie!!! So action and drama!!! 1) The actress who is deaf in the movie is deaf in real life
2) The aliens are BLIND 
3) The father couldn't shoot the aliens because he was DEAD when they figured out they could shoot them because their armour peeled back only when they got close to the sound from the hearing aid. 
4) For all the people bashing the movie because they didn't live next to the waterfall. How would they get all the materials to live and build there? Walk it in? Can't make noise getting there. Ok 
5) This is an interesting, intense movie that is science fiction people. These one star reviews from people are so irritating because it's like they wanted a documentary. I suggest all the people saying they are to smart and couldn't like it because of the things mentioned in the reviews need to stick to the discovery and history channel. Yes, I am biased for rating A Quiet Place with ten stars because I was born Deaf. However, I've had seen several Deaf-related movies and never gave them more than a star out of ten. What am I telling you is therefore as a Deaf person wasn't the only factor of my determination to settle this film with the rate of 10 stars.This film reminds me of my favorite post-apocalyptic book-"The Road," by Cormac McCarthy-and was made a movie based adaptation directed by John Hillcoat in 2009. It's a famous known story of the desperation regarding love, hope, and be appreciative of what you have, like one particular scene where the boy handed with a can of coke and the cheerful look of his father to precious that moment. Such a rare, powerful feeling that touched my heart and soul that still gave me goosebumps at this moment. That inspirational feeling finally triggered me in another way while I watched The Quiet Place. Every second of love between within a family valued is like finding a treasure with ten thousands of gold. It represented love as the most reliable kind of a drug you can get, and that's what enabled you to your survival at the highest point. (For those who mock me, by the way, John Wooden, the best coach in the history of any sports, who coached for UCLA basketball from 1964 to 1975. Not only he succeeded ten national titles in twelve years, but he also created Pyramid of Success, a display of a foundation to reach your success at peak. Even the validity and reliability of the Pyramid of Success are highly respected; John Wooden admitted his regret for not putting "love" anywhere in the pyramid. He stated that "love" is the most meaningful part of life and unfortunately, it's often overlooked. I used his statement here to justify the fact of love as an essential cornerstone of living, and the movies like The Quiet Place are great reminders.)Another thing, I love Millicent Simmonds. Herself as a person and her skills are marvelous. She already carried on through the barriers and brought the Deaf culture into Hollywood. She made sure that everyone in the film used American Sign Language (ASL) in the right way and treated it as a language. It's unimaginable for someone at 15 years old to do that. Her performance also reflected how Deaf children react when they're constantly pressured to wear hearing aids. Many of us hate wearing hearing aids and are tired of hearing people telling us how important to hear. In fact, Deaf children are already comfortable with themselves and now, hearing people who have no idea what's like being Deaf telling them what to do. You'll be surprised at how many of Deaf children wearing hearing aids for the stake of wanting to please hearing people, especially their parents. I love where her father refused to let her visit the basement because he knew that she wouldn't appreciate that her father devoted his work on reconstructing hearing aids. Another scene I love is where her father told her "I LOVE YOU" before he got killed. As I said, she tried to please her father for years. She still felt that the connection between both was somewhat missing. She gave up when she realized that it wasn't for her to reach her father for his approval. He had to show love for who's she as person. Look at how much she gained her confidence to step in to protect her family after she acknowledged fully the fact that her dad loves her. See the parallels between the film and the reality of life being a Deaf child. Funny and ironic circumstance: Alexander Graham Bell tried to develop hearing aids for his mother and his wife who were profoundly Deaf in the 1870s, but it turned out to be an inventor of the phone and founded AT&T in 1885. He saved everyone's life because without a telephone is unimagine for one to live nowadays. Whereas Millicent's father tried to reconstructing hearing aids, but it turned out to be an inventor of a weapon to kill aliens and save everyone's life. I want to thank the audience for your support even though you may don't realize. With the high rate and profits, that would encourage filmmakers to include Deaf people in their next films. It opens the gate for the Deaf people and to spread the awareness. 'A Quiet Place' very quickly became one of my most anticipated films of the year. Have liked Emily Blunt a lot in other things, have a lot of appreciation for the genre and absolutely adored the concept. One of the year's best concepts and one of the most brilliant and unique for any film. Seeing it, 'A Quiet Place' turned out to be one of my favourites of the year too, its positive critical reception more than deserved. Can understand though if it doesn't work for others, it is not a film that everybody will enjoy with its deliberate pace, very sparse use of music and dialogue and heavy reliance on atmosphere. Have seen many films recently that have wasted good potential and ideas or not quite fulfilling them. So it was refreshing and a blessing to have such a brilliant and unique concept executed in a way that was equally brilliant and as a film unlike any other seen by me. Was far too transfixed by the atmosphere and mood to criticise 'A Quiet Place' for lack of logic, plot holes (have never criticised a film for plot holes, find it a lazy and unfair criticism especially when it's the only thing mentioned in reviews that list them and say nothing about the film's overall quality) or not making complete sense. When a film doesn't transfix or engage me it is less forgivable, but 'A Quiet Place' was utterly transfixing from start to finish from personal view. It's a beautifully made film with a lot of style and atmosphere. Not everybody will like that the use of dialogue and music is sparse. That wasn't a problem for me, in fact it was appreciated and it worked really well. Actually think it was the right thing to do. Without constant music, the concept and atmosphere came through stronger, if the music was intrusive, obvious or repetitive they would not have worked anywhere near as well. Without constant dialogue, it let the actors' expressions and body language do all the talking, have seen horror/sci-fi films, and films in general actually, recently that have suffered from too much talk and exposition that it bogs the pace down and it's even more of a problem when the dialogue isn't good or interesting. Appreciated hugely that 'A Quiet Place' didn't go down that route.Luckily the acting benefits from having little dialogue, here it's a masterclass of expressions speaking louder than words. Emily Blunt is simply sensational in a very moving and expressive performance that is among her best. Millicent Simmonds and Noah Jupe also impress in beyond their years performances that one doesn't actually expect from actors so young. So does John Krasinki in a performance just as expressive, in a subtle way, and charismatic. In the director's chair, he shows a lot of confidence and great talent for mood and storytelling. Especially good about 'A Quiet Place' is the atmosphere, which smoulders from every frame and shapes every part of the story. The pace is a deliberate slow-burn but for me it was never dull. Parts of 'A Quiet Place' are heartfelt, others are quirky. But above all it's genuinely scary and unnerving, enhanced by tremendous use of sound design that generates unbearable tension. The monsters are incredibly nightmarish, actually takes a lot for me to feel unsettled after watching a film since getting older, 'A Quiet Place' did that for me.Overall, a superb film and one of my favourites of the year so far. 10/10 Bethany Cox Do not listen to cynical reviews it is from people who are so egotistical that they can't watch a movie and just live in the fantasy and story that your watching. Shade aside this film was absolutely fantastic my girlfriend loves horror films and 9 out 10 times I refuse to watch it because it looks so terrible or I do watch it and it is indeed terrible but on the odd occasion I'll see a trailer for something that looks like it could be a pretty cool story line, this was so much more than that! Way better than I had expected. It had me on the edge of my seat the whole time with my jaw hanging from the suspense.Reminded me of 'hush' from Netflix but it has si-fi monsters which usually puts me off but it's not super wacky so you can kind of go along with it. Deserves 10/10 because the actors were great it was cool to watch and a bit different with the lack of dialogue made the room feel empty and so easy to imerse in there suspense, I left the cinema feeling totally satisfied. If your into thrillers I would definitely recommend! Horror has been flourishing in the past few years with a number of releases proving you can actually scare an audience if you put the time and effort into the craft of a film. John Krasinski, most famous for playing the role of Jim Halpert in The Office, brings us a new horror in the form of A Quiet Place, and the result is one of the most intense cinematic experiences you could wish for.Evelyn and Lee Abbott (played by real life couple Emily Blunt and John Krasinski) live with their two children, Regan (Millicent Simmonds) and Marcus (Noah Jupe), on a farm. They live every day in silence to survive the threat of creatures that hunt by sound.The simplicity of the concept makes A Quiet Place such a fascinating prospect but it's the execution that excels it to soaring heights. Krasinski has crafted a horror film that grabs you in a vice-like grip from the very first shot, not letting go until the end credits start to roll, honing in perfectly on the use of sound and silence for some of the most intense sequences in recent memory.The fear factor in A Quiet Place comes from the tension and suspense Krasinski develops throughout, a true standout sequence being when a heavily pregnant Evelyn finds herself evading a creature as she goes into labour. It's moments like this one that had me gripping the arms of my seat and holding my breath numerous times throughout. Coming to the performances, A Quiet Place possesses the rarest of the rare in horror films with a cast who all deliver great performances. Parents should always be protective of their children but the situation they find themselves in here adds another layer to that and Blunt and Krasinski excel in showing the desperation they face to keep their children safe. Child actors always make me feel a little cautious going into a film however, both are very good here, Simmonds in particular. As a deaf actress, Simmonds adds an authenticity to proceedings and her performance is one not to be overlooked.There were a few scenes I wish Krasinski had elaborated on more but those are just a few minor issues I had that can take a back seat to the ingenuity shown in the crafting of a horror film that has the makings of a classic. It's worth noting that the entire audience was in total silence throughout, a sign that this film is well and truly having the desired effect. Yes, a notepad, so they can write down all of the plot holes and things to get on this website and chew up a movie....(sigh and shake my head)....gees, this world is becoming such a depressing place when folks don't even know how to watch a movie and be entertained anymore. 
My family and I watched this movie last night. It was scary and the tension was unbearable. We had chocolate chip cookies and sit in the dark and watched and enjoyed the suspense and was entertained..yes, it was entertaining! 
It was not the best I've ever seen. It had some things that even me and my family wondered outloud...'Hey, why did they..??' 
But gees people, quit taking freakun notes and watch the dadgum movie and be entertained. If you are so caught up in plot holes and unrealistic elements, you will never be entertained by a movie until someone manages to come up with a movie on the same level as Aliens or Shawshank Redemption or Lord of the Rings or A Few Good Men, etc. etc. 
So, forget all of the poor ol negative people in the world that doesn't have a clue about how to stop being a stinkin critic and watch a movie and be entertained and enjoy this movie for what it is. And what it is...is a real scary movie with tension and suspense that will have you tied in knots! Emily Blunt is one of the best actresses of our time and she is stellar. The rest of the cast, there are only 6 or 7 folks in the entire movie, do a good job. Special effects are great and it's a very original idea. So, thumbs up! This films use of sound as a character was incredible! I honestly was affraid how a horror movie could be a "silent film," (especially in our day and age of cinema) but it exceeded my expectations and I already planned on loving it! Every actor/character did an amazing noteworthy job in this film and I even teared up because how successful Emily Blunt and John Krasinski made me believe in their family! Thier bond is so strong as a cast that not one second was I bored or taken out of the world of the film! A+++ IMDBs "Factual Error" that States you can't die by falling into a silo full of seed corn is wrong. Around a dozen people a year die this way. Numerous newspapers list accounts of this every year. I'm from the Midwest & yes, it's a very real danger. First off, this movie was interesting and kept both my girlfriend and I on the edge of our seats.Basically, there are blind Aliens that Hunt with their super hearing, and a family is trying to survive. That's the plot, and it works.I see a lot of people looking too far into things with their IMDB review. In a movie with alien creatures, everyone's getting hung up on where/how the family generate the electricity? Really??Of course this movie, like all movies, has plot holes, or things that seem illogical, but I suppose that's why it's a movie aye. Overall this is a solid movie, and Krasinski did a good job for his directorial debut. Would I buy this on BluRay? Yes. A Quiet Place Review: As genres go, horror is particularly challenging to crack. It's easy to resort to cheap scares to get audiences jumping out of their seats. On the other hand, it takes an evolved set of storytelling skills to make them genuinely uncomfortable and fearful for the events unfolding onscreen. Actor, co-writer and director John Krasinski seems to understand this thoroughly, and the result is an unnerving film. The premise is intriguing What an absolutely well directed and produced film. Both John and Emily proved to be excellent actors. I can't get enough of seeing them on screen. John with this movie proved what an amazing character actor he is. Wow! It's not easy for me to like a film. I'm simply blown away with this hardly any dialogue movie. Well done to all actors! This is exactly what I look for in a movie. Thank you! Money well spent! It's not often a truly unique movie experience comes along. 'A Quite Place' is definitely one of those. Making his first big-screen debut, John Krasinski also served as co-script writer, and is the lead character in this film. Starring alongside his real-life wife, Emily Blunt, he delivers an earnest and engrossing story. At 90 minutes, this film immediately engages the audience in the narrative with only small bits of information on the actual backstory, and the story line remains highly focused and spare. With the story premise that sound brings certain death, that facet of the story is driven home in a powerful way within the first ten minutes. Krasinski plays Lee Abbot and Blunt is his wife, Evelyn. Together they are struggling to survive this constant threat on a rural farm. Rounding out this tiny cast is Millicent Simmons (who is actually deaf) is their oldest and deaf daughter. Her physical condition is woven into the story line. Noah Jupe, who already has an impressive acting resume, plays the middle son to great effect. Cade Woodward, also making his big screen debut, is the youngest sibling. Together they must adapt to living a silent life or pay the ultimate price.The movie is so effective because it immediately sets a level of suspense that is maintained throughout the story. The audience gets no relief and certain events only serve to increase the tension. It's extremely engrossing to watch and as a viewer, one is easily caught up in the potential for disaster at every turn. The term 'nerve-wracking' doesn't seem sufficient. You could hear a pin drop in the theater where I saw this movie. Because of this, the use of sound in the film is also played very effectively. With no real musical soundtrack, the use of Neil Young's 'Harvest Moon' is especially poignant and heartwarming. Industrial Light & Magic supplies the special effects which are kept to a (thankfully) bare minimum and this judicial use only enhances the authentic feel of the film. I found it best not to overthink the story line, as I began to envision a number of plot holes, but because the film is so involving, the viewer isn't given the opportunity to second guess any of the elements involved here. I did feel that this offering sort of paralleled a recent episode on the NetFlix series, 'Black Mirror'. Season 4, Episode 5 - 'Metal Head' contains a similar scenario where humans are being hunted; but the whole silence concept used in 'A Quiet Place' definitely sets this film apart. By far, 'A Quiet Place' is the biggest (silent) bang for the buck I've had at the movie theater in a long while. I really, really liked this movie. I didn't expect too much since it seemed the trailer showed most of the movie's premise! But I was pleasantly surprised as there is more to this movie than the trailer. WOW! I had to take my pulse about 1/2 way through just to see if my heart was acting the same as my psyche. The acting involved for every actor was perfect and each character was cast very well, imo. The appropriate "darkness" of the filming added to the suspense as well as the music (which was appropriately "back ground" enough to be relevant but not intrusive). And what an interesting premise! You come into the movie after some horrible stuff has taken place on earth, nice touch. And then you go from there into the smart storyline and directing. I have a renewed appreciation of Krasinski. The audience I was part of applauded after the movie "abruptly" ended. I like that kind of thriller roller-coaster, edge of your seat ride. Fun. See it. A well-deserved 97% Certified Fresh on Rottentomatoes. A Quiet Place starts off with a promising concept that basically if you make a sound, these creatures would come out and eventually slice you in half. This allows a fresh take on the film's storytelling through mostly silent sequences that once something does make a sound, it will effectively make you jump and make your heart beats like a running horse as you unexpectedly anticipate what's about to happen next. Once the film hooks you with this gimmick, the thrills only go uphill from there where it smartly builds up the stakes of this family, making it even higher and thus lowering their chances of surviving, thus leaving the viewers a more terrifying and breathless experience as the story progresses. Another selling point of this film are these grotesque, alien-looking creatures that look deliciously creepy and mesmerizingly frightening as well as the strong performances and well-constructed characters that you will actually end up liking and caring for their fates. Overall, not only does this film have a promising concept but also with its breathlessly terrifying moments along with brilliantly constructed characters and plot, the execution is just beyond and exceptionally horrifying. A Quiet Place is perhaps one of the best monster films ever made and easily the best horror of the year so far.>>A<< Great movie. Was very suspenseful. And great acting From the first frame, I was engrossed in the movie. I was jumping, biting my nails, and crawling under the seat - that was the power of the script and it's direction that I couldn't help but feel, knowing that it was just a movie. Should I say more!The alien attack could be an old premise but the storyteller ensured that this turn out to be a novel experience. Remember Tremors, the 1990s sci-fi. The Quiet Place took the concept of 'survival instincts' to a all new level. The acting was exceptional and the storyline tight. To some it might seem slow at the beginning but I'd say it was pacing gradually.I could not go on writing this review without some spoilers and so just grab your ticket. This going to be the edge of your seat horror movie of the year. I'm not going to spoil the plot for just go and see this if you don't see any other film this year this this one,it will scare you without relying on blood and gore WOW! This film would have been highly enjoyable just on its horror elements alone, albeit cliché. 
However the exploration of what I imagine is the main theme of the film ascends the entire experience to a new level. That theme being what a parent will do for their family. I found John Kransinski (the dad) to be overwhelmingly relatable, the same can be said for the whole cast honestly. This is perhaps what allowed me to feel so much for the characters. Never before have I felt so strongly what the characters are going through. Not trying to put you off but I felt intensely anxious almost the entire film, it was strangely enjoyable.
Even during jump scare moments I was never scared like I would be in other recent horror successes such as The Conjuring or Insidious. The film was nonetheless horrifying though. I mean this in the most positive way. This a horror about more than scaring the s*** out of you. It's a truly beautiful story set around an incredibly thrilling horror sequence.
A Quiet Place is just plain and simply a must see. It was so refreshing to see a film like this. If you were feeling tired or not in the mood this will certainly wake you up.i was on the edge of my seat throughout the entirety of the film and couldn't take my eyes of the screen. The best cinema experience I've had in a while and Emily and John are so good together in this film and it was nice to see them as they are a couple anyway. A great wake up call for this Horror/Thriller genre. Go and see this movie!!!!!! #AQuietPlace : A loud deafening thriller..!!Imagine yourself in a place completely deserted.. No humans or animals around.. A place where sound is the deadliest enemy you face.. A single wrong step, a single snap of your fingers will kill you.. A place where you can't sneeze, can't cough and can't do anything that makes a sound... Doesn't that sound scary already??"A quiet place" is one of the best thrillers I have seen in my life.. In fact it tops the list.. Dealed with absolute care and brilliance, it keeps you glued to the seat breathing in tense...Right from the start till the end, 89 minutes , the film carries the emotion beautifully without a drop in any scene.. It was executed so very well that creates a sense of silence in the hall where you hear your own breathing along with that of the audience..Mr. director and lead John Krasinski take a bow for this masterpiece.. And Emily Blunt you beauty, you never cease to amaze me girl..Watch this immediately in a theater near you for an ultimate thriller experience..!!#Thriller #Horror #BestMovie #GreatMovie #Silence #Loud #DeafeningSilence #JohnKrasinski #EmilyBlunt #MasterPiece #Hollywood #Movies #MovieReview #Review #DiariesOfKarthik I found this movie to be Thrilling and kept me enthralled. Very well done and nice film techniques. Amazing, disturbing and enchanting movie. Nice photography and intense acting. Tremendous all around movie. I am not usually a jump scare kind of guy but this one did it perfectly and I loved it. If Krasinski or this movie doesn't win an Oscar this year that vote was rigged. 