I did not want to watch this movie but took my wife to see it, because we both saw the one with Kris Kristofferson and Barbra Streisand, growing up. The crowd was a lot older than we were(we are almost 50) it was the biggest screen they had at our theater and seats a lot but it was maybe half full on Sunday afternoon. Not one dry eye in the place, it had a great tempo and didn't drag on or have any lulls in the story. We were both very pleased and are still engaging in conversations about the movie. It's my opinion to highly recommend to everyone go out and watch a great movie and a heartfelt movie that redefines love in this time and age we live in. That is my two cents, hope you enjoy as much as we have. A magnificent movie, captivating performances by Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga. The ultimate shock was how brilliant Lady Gaga was, we knew she could sing, but didn't have any idea just how far her acting talent stretches!
After watching that I can tell you it stretches far enough to earn her some Oscar gold. 
The movie is outstanding, the music is annoyingly perfect, the cast is great and everything shouts Oscar worthy movie. 
Ten out of ten! Bradley cooper and Lady Gaga collaboration on this remake of the classic A Star Is Born results in an outstanding movie and soundtrack that keeps you looking ofr more until the very end of the movie. This movie really touched my heart, it really is the best movie of the year and everyone should see this masterpiece. I was impressed by Gaga's acting skills, she deserves an Oscar! And her voice.... Omg she is so perfect, the song I Will Never Love Again is so majestic Poised to be an instant classic, almost everything about this film is phenomenal - the acting, the cinematography, the discography, etc. A movie that will take you to another world full of emotions. Lady Gaga is an amazing actress with impressive acting skills! The songs are pure art and her voice will give you chills, you'll just find yourself in tears! 
I don't need to talk about the legendary Bradley Cooper!! This is literally the best movie of 2018 
And one of the best Musical/Romance movies ever! Without any further doubt, Bradley Cooper truly delivers a topnotch, riveting, and outstanding directorial debut and performance that clearly speaks of magnificence and greatness. Despite the fact that A Star is Born has been retold several times in its iteration from 1937, 1954, and 1976, the excellent screenplay and direction clearly shows an effective and superb storytelling that can make an devastating and powerful impact while making itself as fresh as its own that serves as a contemporary modern musical classic for the modern generation. Even its depiction of depression, addiction, mental issues as well fame are well accurately portrayed. Clearly, this film blends well with emotion, love, inspiration and sensibilities.Lady Gaga is also incredibly remarkable within this film. Her knockout acting performance clearly blew anyone's minds and with her fantastic singing voice, elevates the great quality of the film. Sam Elliott has also given a memorable and exceptional performance. Even the chemistry of Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga are really off the charts and skyrocketed into a spectacular and amazing experience.Another remarkable qualities that the film presented with is the realistic and colorful cinematography and masterful editing but what truly shines above it all is the music and the songs as it's considered as the heart and soul of the film.This is definitely of the year's best film and will be worth remembered as a memorable musical masterpiece that will be a part of the classical musicals such as La La Land, Moulin Rouge!, and etc. I didn't expect this movie to be THAT HUGE. The movie is full of emotions and deep moments that I've found myself in tears. The songs are amazing, the act is amazing and I can say that this is movie of the year Hope this is not the last time we see Bradley direct and Gaga act. Both Lady Gaga & Bradley Cooper were able to show of their creative talents in this with the stunning songs in the soundtrack, Bradley's directional skills & Gaga's acting! I would definitely consider this to be one of those movies which you HAVE to watch. This movie will definitely remain timeless and will move you to tears :) A great movie!! Gaga was so incredible and Bradley was a great director Sizzling chemistry between Jackson and Ally makes for a perfect watch! The cinematography is splendid. Lady Gaga truly might be the greatest musician of this generation. Almost all of the music is written and produced by her along with talented producers and songwriters like Diane Warren, Julia Michaels, Mark Ronson, Mark Nilan, Paul Blair and the likes of it. Rupaul's drag race alumnus Shangela and Willam are a perfect add to this melodrama. Sam Elliott is phenomenal, Dave Chapelle and Andrew Dice Clay give great performances.Bradley Cooper proves himself as a strong director, and Lady Gaga is a revelation. Its like a whole new side of her. I highly recommend this movie. This movie is perfect, it made me cry from the beginning to the end, it deserves several Oscar's nominations. Lady Gaga is a true astist. Just saw #ASIB prescreening. This film is going to be HUGE! Our movie plans for this weekend was to see another concert/musical movie that has just opened in the theaters, Bohemian Rhapsody. We grew up in that age of music and Queen was and still is one of my most favorite bands. Seeing as though movies come and go very quickly, we decided on A Star Is Born instead. Never being a real fan of Lady GaGa, but appreciating her voice, and my wife adoring Bradley Cooper, I knew this was the correct choice as soon as Cooper started singing. Lady GaGa's singing as to be expected was exquisite, but her acting was totally unexpected, it is deserved of an Oscar nod. The acting between the two was so natural. Bradley Cooper's singing was unreal. I forget the previous renditions of this movie, and that's OK. I have read everything there is to read on IMDB and any other source in order to soak up the artistry of this movie. I will see it again, this time at a theatre with an enhanced sound system, get the soundtrack and of course the DVD when it comes out. I usually don't rate movies 10. Eight or nine are my highest ratings, after all, what really rates a 10? A Star Is Born does.
Oh yea, I hope Bohemian Rhapsody is not a disappointment, but I can't foresee it being as good as this was. The remake of this version of A Star Is Born has totally paid off and truly deserves all the positive reviews it has received. It is an absolute success and everything about the movie delivered 100%. The acting was outstanding, the soundtrack is awesome, and the movie is epic. The Soundtrack has a collection of beautiful songs from the movie that I will most certainly keep and treasure for years to come. Lady Gaga is arguably the best female singer in the music industry and has brilliant acting skills to match. Same can be said about Bradley Cooper who is phenomenal in what he does from directing to acting and now singing.
I think they will win Oscar's 2019 for: Best Leading Actress, Best Leading Actor, Best Director, Best Picture and Best Original Song. 10/10 fantastic movie Ok, maybe I'm slack because these type of film is very hard to intrigue the audience with a 30 second trailer. But I had 0 expectation before watching this and the only reason for the view was because this was the only one I haven't watched in the cinema. But wow when I came out of the cinema I was way too mind blown of how perfectly this was filmed and conveyed the message.Quite a number of symbolism used in the film showed real good directing skills too (for example, how Cooper tells the driver to turn right into the bar a billboard showing the hanging knot passes over his head but after that he meets the girl at the bar and his life quickly turns around. But after realising that he is stopping her from having her dream he goes back to the initially symbolised method of suicide.)I didn't even know Cooper was the director for this but oh my, he did a fantastic job directing and acting out the character that he was portraying. A pathetic mess of a human being meeting the love of his life to turn his life around but slowly sees himself decaying while his partner gets all the spotlights and when he is finally in a rehab to be healthy, just to be with his wife again, he is told and realised that he's the one stopping her.Fantastic film to watch. 10/10. Wow, amazing film.
Powerful, superb acting.
Gaga is so very gifted and I've never heard anyone match Whitney until now the last song could be her.
A masterpiece and should win every award going. It is and will always be a great movie. The songs keep repeating themselves in my head.
It is a beautiful story of love , human emotion and tragedy. Great viewing A heartbreakingly beautiful film. Bradley Cooper & Lady Gaga performances in this film were outstanding. I thought they handled addiction very well, it'll be different for everyone, but I've had people close to me battling alcohol addiction & it's never easy. Bradley played it to perfection. Spoiler coming, the scene when Cooper' character is trying to get clean & Gaga' character visits him, his 'i'm Sorry' while breaking down into tears & her handling of the 'its not your fault, it's a disease' was so touching. A heartbreaking ending, as a lot of addictions do. The soundtrack is ace & they deserve every single award they will be nominated for this film. Get out & see this. Wow what I can say.... The best movie I have seen in years. Perfectly exceuted by the wonderful Bradley Cooper, he has really thought about the subject, the way he captures the star quality, emotions and most of all the importance of mental health is just incredible... Hard to believe that this is the first movie he has directed, very talented man. Bradley and Lady Gaga display the most amazing chemistry, I can't express how perfect they were in the movie. Their voices made me cry throughout the movie, so much soul and passion, together make a phenomenal sound. I will definitely be seeing this movie over and over again and no doubt this will win an Oscar, hopefully with many awards to come too. This is the time of the year when Oscar worthy movies begin to come out and "A Star is Born" has definitely began the season and set the bar.I knew Bradley Cooper can act and he did a great job but Lady Gaga was the one to steal the show with a marvelous performance. The chemistry between the two of them was the driving factor for this beautiful film where so much happens and yet it never feels rushed or forced. The flow is just natural and filled with various emotions from sadness to humor, despair and anger.... As expected, the music is diverse and touching from both Gaga and Cooper who was a big surprise in this department. Overall a wonderful film that leaves a good afterthought after you exit the cinema. The chemistry of the couple is perfect and the songs are incredibly beautiful, hopefully the roles of Gaga and Cooper have the recognition they deserve, as it is noticeable the delivery they have made to their characters, a true story of love and drama. If this doesn't win an Oscar it will be a crime
Gaga and cooper are amazing Incredible movie, beautiful performance by Gaga and B. form a beautiful couple, very exciting and well produced. Your Name is just a good movie. This movie felt long, but not too long. All the way through, I was asking what would happen next. It was clever, emotional, and left me crying after the movie. The twist was done really well, and I almost wanted to pause the movie. Also, the animation is gorgeous. You get to see detailed images from many angles and perspectives, and there were hundreds of animators! The credits didn't start out with the cast like it usually would. The first thing you saw after a black screen was hundreds of names of animators and designers. I watched this movie again and I still felt my muscles ready to let tears out. I would not recommend this movie any less than the next guy, so what are you waiting for? Get a couple of friends and watch Your Name! Buy two copies of this DVD but never ever even bother with the coming American remake.Do you think the Hollywood system will allow a woman to be pretty and love her body and keep any fan service?
Not a chance.Who needs remakes of perfection anyway? Kimi no Nawa is up there with the quality of work Studio Ghibli makes. It's a journey in a world breathing with atmosphere, mystery, and visual wonder. A journey about growth and resilience in the face of overwhelming odds. A journey about human emotion that transcends space and time, as we watch our two protagonists struggle relentlessly against fate. A journey that might just be one of the most captivating anime movie experiences I've had in years. Director Makoto Shinkai's artistry is something people tend to love or hate, but this film is solid proof to all of his disdainful critics that his movies were never "just eye candy". They explore the nature of life and relationships in quiet ways rarely seen or discussed, which is why most of them are not fast-paced or action packed...and why they are so beautiful. But even if you're not a fan of this kind of style with its major use of metaphorical imagery and mixture of subtle and explosive emotions, definitely give Kimi no Nawa a chance. This is by far his most ambitious, original movie in many ways. For instance, there's an actual mystical element to the story apart from his previous films that are set purely on realism. The pacing is a lot faster and intense. There's a surprising amount of humor in the script, making the chemistry between the characters more light-hearted and comically entertaining than expected. All of this is done through a narrative vision so emotional, so brilliantly realized, that I'm pretty sure everyone at the Anime Expo world premiere screening was tearing up, including me. Without spoiling, what mainly drives this film's story is the dynamics of our main characters' relationship. The way these two interact is just so unique and lovable. The premise itself allows them to bond on a more personal level, far more intriguing than the usual teenage love story where boy meets girl, boy likes girl, boy gets girl. Eventually, you become so invested in their strange relationship, that when all the action goes down, it's no longer just suspenseful - it's almost heartbreaking. Editing and sound design play a HUGE role in this immersion. There's rarely a single dull moment because of how gripping and emotionally driven the timing of every cut is. The sound design combined with a beautiful music score is outstanding - subtle and moving when creating atmosphere, powerful at times of dramatic conflict. In fact, the same can be said for pretty much all of the visual aesthetics - which if I haven't already mentioned, are amazing. This is a prime example of astonishingly jaw-dropping animation combined with powerful storytelling.Kimi no Nawa is not just any anime movie. It has the potential to be viewed and studied as art cinema. It's so beautifully crafted and meticulously detailed, I feel like I didn't even cover 80% of its greatness in this review. To do that, I would have to make a spoiler analysis review, and to do that, I would probably have to see the movie again, maybe a couple more times before I can fully appreciate this nearly flawless masterpiece. I know I sound like I'm fanboying, but as a film student and anime fan for many years, I'm being fully honest here - if Director Makoto Shinkai keeps this kind of quality up, he is going to be an even bigger name in the anime industry for years to come. Remember Your Name long enough until it's available in your country, if you're not seeing it in Japan theaters. Because trust me, you're not going to forget it. 10/10 I went in to see Kimi no Na ha without knowing anything about the movie. I had simply been intrigued by the movie poster with the comet as a background to two high school students living in wildly different environments - and the excellent reviews on its Friday release convinced me to see it just the day after.Not knowing anything about the movie made me relish every single moment of it. The two main characters would, it seems, never have the occasion to meet each other, but through a mysterious circumstance are led to share some of their waking hours with each other. At first, the movie struck a compelling, funny and nostalgic view at high school life in Japan, love, friendship, puberty, teenage angst and some elements of mysticism. It felt like a very fresh and charming sentimental love comedy with a dash of depth and teenage angst. And it already utterly captured me at that point.Yet midway, the movie veers resolutely into dramatic, and more mystical territory, while managing to keep the lighthearted tone it had reached during the first half at just the right moments. Together with one of the main characters, I was shocked and powerless upon learning of one aspect that had eluded both protagonists, as well as the audience. At the same time, a trope often used in science-fiction got thrown into the mix and the stakes suddenly get much higher, making me look back to the first half of the movie and thinking "wwwooooowww I get it now", while following the paths of the protagonists, which, just like the Kumi Himo (thread making?) that Miyamizu Shrine makes, represent time itself. Meeting, diverging, tangling, getting cut, doubling back. The second half of the film is a perfect adventure, full of suspense, humor, hope, and yes, tears. And at some points, it gets close to tragedy (one scene in a train left a huge lump in my throat). In some respect it reminded me of Spirited Away (my long time favorite animation movie), in which both main characters grow thanks to the other, and whose paths had crossed and would cross again, beyond memory or reality.Saying more would spoil the movie, so I have been very, very vague. Suffice it to say the movie made me laugh, cry, get the goosebumps, and got me to the edge of my seat at some points. It really had great storytelling, pacing, characters, and emotions throughout. I loved it.The visuals were also gorgeous. Absolutely gorgeous. Tokyo is more real than the real Tokyo, and the director, animators, background artists, and computer artists seem to have devilish fun playing with lighting and getting some of the most beautiful scenes and moments I can recall in an animation movie.I should mention the music as well, which was very, very good. I know RADWIMPS (I went to see them live a couple of years back), but was surprised at the tone they achieved, and how well it fit with the movie - the music, along with the visuals, really help in getting a full immersion into the story.However, some of the most hilarious jokes in the movie seem to be untranslatable to English - in particular the "dialects" of the main characters, as well as a specific moment that makes use of several of the ways that Japanese people use to refer to themselves, depending on context and sex (watashi, watakushi, boku, ore). So I'm looking forward to seeing how those scenes will be handled in the translation!I have since seen the movie one more time, bought the OST, and bought and read the novelization (which is almost like the movie, but does give more insight into each character's thoughts and thought processes.). Highly recommended! In truth, the most competitive area of fiction is not invasions from outer space or talking dogs or impossible missions but rather the most basic narrative of all, the love story.And this is also the most overcrowded field, and the most difficult to do right.This film, this story, is extraordinary. It reminds me of MY SASSY GIRL, a love story from Asia that captured the imagination of the world and has almost become a franchise, it's been copied so many times.It also brings to mind Richard Matheson's classic BID TIME RETURN, another love story for the ages that uses time juxtaposition. (Done as the movie SOMEWHERE IN TIME, 1980).I already gave this the highest rating on the IMDb.The animation is stunning and complimentary to this one-of-a-kind tale.All things considered, I would like to avoid the ongoing arguments about which Japanese animation studio is better, or worse, than the other. I prefer to simply be grateful that Japanese anime exists at all, because I cannot imagine any other country producing something this moving, this powerful, in graphic form. The main character is pretty and slender. The colleague at work for the boy is also pretty and slender. They are interesting and attractive characters.
Watch this again and again. So the movie is named "Your name?" and its a perfect title, it doesn't reveal anything about the content and yet it caught my interest. I tend to watch animated movies because they have so much more to offer at the same time it is a tougher competition.The story line is really good, why? Well it you are open minded it will be pretty easy to follow and accept what is going on, question about how and why get answered by themselves if you believe it is possible. Regarding the animation it give you what your mainstream point of view of Japans architecture, nature, culture and society, all from how they dress to the body language etc. The music, sound effects and voice actor/actress amplifies the emotions and guides you from start till end. There are plenty of a messages and it makes me thing about me and everything living around me, where I come from and where I am going. Regarding the character development its spot on, no more information was needed then what was provided, we are limited but at the same time free to make our own thought.I wish to say thank you to everyone who have supported and/or worked with this piece of art, they should feel really proud of themselves, it is an honor that you shared it with us (the viewers). Thank you! Absolutely fantastic! Recommended for everyone.Just watch it.Amazing characters, scenery, city life and town life, story. Everything is just wow. So fine! The suspension, the empathy, the scenes. The thoughts. It's playful and pleasant, but serious and funny at the same time. It makes you want to feel it and live it, while you just keep cheering for everything.This 1.5 hours was one of the most well spent time in my life. It was so good, that I actually sit down and wondered why we can't we live like that? Why can't we be in that village? In that anime Tokyo?Every minute is a time well-spent. It's a time SO well spent, that I was afraid when it's going to end. I literally just realized that this would be the end of an anime. Than this would be the end of an hour long movie.I was so afraid when it's going to end. It borough such a beautiful and marvelous utopia before my eyes, with all it's mistakes, conflicts. That I actually wanted to live there. I actually realized however, that I'm not good of a person to be worthy of such utopia.However it is very close to reality. Every time something out of order happens, you remember. This is a certain reality. People can die, be ashamed, punished. Everything can end in a tragedy. But when something wrong happens, nobody really cares.. and I was like: "Why? Why aren't you moving? Are you not afraid for your lives?" Than I remembered.. this is a certain utopia. Even for the people who live in it. Nothing bad happen to them, nothing really could. They are peaceful, good people, in a modern world. Nothing bad happened in the last 3 generation, why would anything happen now?This movie gave me a new set of feelings, viewpoints, happiness, thoughts and desires, I might have lacked or just not realized before. I'm really glad I watched it. It was a piece from my dreams. I have followed Makoto Shinkai's older works and most of them really have a bad ending, though still good, but this movie's sweet. He really know how to play with our emotion, especially for his work's fans who have followed his works, i'm hoping its not a bad ending during the entire movie.But man, this work is a true masterpiece. When i looked at Makoto's older works, I suddenly think, he had the potential to beat Miyazaki's spirited away, and there he goes. I'm not saying this is better than spirited away, they had a different genre and makoto had his own stunning style.How this piece of animation would turn my emotion really hard? Even Spirited Away, When Marnie was There, and 5cm per second can't do that. This is a movie that you must watch before you die, really. 'Your Name' is not just one of the best animes in recent years (and there have been some very good ones), but one of the best animes ever from personal opinion.Will go even further, saying it's one of the best animated films in recent years, one of the best animated or otherwise films of the year and that it rivals the masterworks of Miyazaki. This is a huge compliment, for any anime, animated film or even any film, and a bold claim that still stands. Much of it is to do with how 'Your Name's' stayed with me and the impact it's had, a film once seen but never forgotten.The animation in 'Your Name' is stunning, so beautifully and intricately drawn with immaculate attention to detail in the backgrounds and a simply breath-taking array of ethereal but also atmospheric colours. The music fits the film's atmosphere with no problem at all and also works wonders as a soundtrack on its own, serving superbly as music on its own.Meanwhile, the script is thought-provoking and touching, with much to say and explored expertly and neatly with no heavy-handedness. The storytelling engages throughout, sucks one into its world and never lets go of the immersing and is enormously heartfelt, really investing in the characters' chemistry and their love for each other. Pacing is deliberate, but never drags due to the emotional impact and how well realised the characters are, even when noticeably slower in the second half.Characters, and the film's themes, are brilliantly written and developed, and the voice acting is emotive and fit the characters with no qualms.In summary, a truly magnificent film all round that will be remembered for years to come. Deserves all the raves it's gotten, and deserving of even more. 10/10 Bethany Cox Even if you're not a fan of anime, you are just gonna be amazed how good this really is.Please hollywood never try to remake this masterpice. It's been a while since I've seen something outside of Studio Ghibli, being the most recent When Marnie Was There. I'm not familiar with Makoto Shinkai's work but this certainly encourages me to watch the rest of his catalog. I knew nothing about the film until only the day before seeing it, instantly attracted to the poster and the mini synopsis of two high school teens from opposite sides of the country, who periodically switch in their dreams. Gladly I didn't read anymore into it and just went to watch it as there's so much more to the intriguing story at face value. It's a little confusing at times bouncing between the two characters, but that doesn't deter the enjoyment and wonderment of the film. We follow quiet country school girl Mitsuha voiced by Mone Kamishiraishi, going about her daily chores and traditions in a village shrouded by folklore and superstition with mayor-elect pushing for advancement. All this while we also follow rough-and-ready city boy, Taki, voiced by Ryûnosuke Kamiki, who is no stranger to voice acting, starring in Spirited Away at the age of eight and later in Howl's Moving Castle. The two become celestially bound to one another without fully understanding how, or even knowing who each other are, which leads them both on an adventure of discovery, comical annoyance and eventual romance. It's perfectly balanced between the two even with a number of interesting side characters, each adding something to the intricacies of the plot and supplying a lot of the light-hearted comedy. The scenery and animation is stunning, vibrant and beautifully breathtaking; with blinding lens flares and gorgeous landscapes that fill the entirely screen. It's superbly paced, perfectly edited so not to make a mess of the constant jumps. The score by the Japanese rock band, Radwimps is simply amazing, perfect for the film with a mixture of teeny pop/rock and pleasant instrumentals, with surprising tracks like "Kataware Doki" using soft pianos and strings. It's a score Final Fantasy composer, Nobuo Uematsu would be proud of. There are some films that are not meant to be for live action, showcasing the stunning craftsmanship and elegant talent of the skilled animators and artists, this being one of those films. The actual anime capturing the magical essence of the heartfelt story that I don't believe can be replicated as good live. Cosmically enchanting, touching and visually beautiful. Certainly the best anime I've seen this year. Running Time: 9 The Cast: 9 Performance: 9 Direction: 10 Story: 10 Script: 10 Creativity: 10 Soundtrack: 9 Job Description: 10 The Extra Bonus Points: 10 for being such a wonderful, beautiful, romantic story, magical in every sense. Would I buy the Bluray?: Definitely 96% 10/10 I started watching this movie with high expectations,but somehow this movie managed to be exceed them.Movie didn't just look amazing,which is expected from Makoto Shinkai,but story is amazing as well,it manages to keep attention of viewer from start to finish,and as movie progress it just gets better and better.I think that everyone that loves movies should watch this.Even if someone doesn't like animated movies they should give this movie a try.Also i love how some little things that at first seem meaningless at the end of movie get amazing meaning. Personally i think this is best work that Makoto Shinkai made by far,its above all of his previous works,and doesn't have flaws that some of his other works had. This was absolutely amazing... the trailer made it seem like a stereotypical "boy meets girl, etc." story... but from the beginning to the end, the movie rotated from a past and present time-line, only proving in the end that time itself was twisted the entire movie - giving us viewers an extremely well written and original plot. The chemistry between the characters, development, music, pacing, animation, everything was absolutely in chorus in the most beautiful way. I cannot even compare this to Studio Ghibli films, not because it's better or not as good, but because it is just a movie of its own caliber. Studio Ghibli films were a lot more fictional, fantasy, and imaginative - free formed and had its own flow. Kimi no Na Wa was cleverly planned out from the first minute to the last, logical, balanced, yet just as if not more breathtaking. which movie includes time travel, destructive meteor shower,heart-wrenching tragedy,mesmerizing romance,wonderfully extravagant art and many more genres in 1.5 hours,none to my knowledge.'your name' is a beautiful blend of sci-fi, thriller ,romance.I watched the movie just after it's release and believe me i found no reason to blink my eye, it is yet another masterpiece by makoto shinkai.when watching Japanese anime movies, the westerners usually prefer studio ghibli's work , but after this many might reconsider this.if you want to know what I'am speaking about just watch it and you would cherish those 1.5hrs of emotions filed with love,agony,tragedy,joy.And please believe me this is no exaggeration.while watching the movie you will feel your heart racing craving for more drama,romance but still you want to know how it ends and amid-st this confusion you will be using your brains to understand what is going on.And when it ends you will be realizing that it is the one epic movie that will go on in your "the best movies i've ever watched" list. And the next moment you will be writing or telling about the movie to your friends.P.S Just consider watching it and you will never regret it. Your Name is one of my favorite movies of all time and will always have a special place in my heart. Its animation, soundtrack, story, everything about it is just amazing and something barely seen. The Idea that the two main characters switch bodies every once in a while is something almost never seen in anime and it pulls it off perfectly. It has one of the biggest twists and a very satisfying ending that will keep you on your toes for the whole of part 2 just to get to it. You can tell that there was an immense amount of effort and passion put into this film and I beg you to watch this masterpiece. Your Name is a journey about growth and having the ability to bounce back when thrown against overpowering hardships. It's a journey that focuses on human emotion that are larger than time and space. It's a journey of where we watch our protagonists struggle again and again against destiny. And it's one of the greatest animated journeys you will ever experience.Watch the review at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7v32c900F4 and / or read along hereYour Name follows a girl from the country and a boy from the city who have never met that switch bodies when they dream. This movie may seem like your romantic-comedy body-swap situation. But it will surprise you how in depth the gets. The storytelling here is top notch, because you understand everything, but when you think about it, the concept gets quite confusing, but because of the brilliant direction my Shinkai, he somehow makes it understandable. The two protagonists are the driving force of the film instead of Shinkai's normal eye candy visual sell outs. Within the great writing are actually some very funny and memorable conversations. The comedy works well to add another layer to the great chemistry between the protagonists. Props to the actors.It was just so fun watching the dynamic feelings of these two and I loved how the two genders figured each other out while inhabiting the others' body. I was a little confused when a lot of the first act is dedicated to the girl, without really seeing the movie from the boy she's swapping with, his view. But the movie surprised me when something happened to the girl and we see the boy for most of the rest of the movie. So actually the screen time for both protagonists were quite similar. That blew me away.If you delve deep into his work Shinkai tends to break the forth wall often in the way he portrays emotions. He, in a way, makes you reflect upon your own life, and all his movies are really, really relatable. He makes you look back on dark times, times you don't really want to think about again and he says a different messages every movie. A big part of the film was it's editing and sound design. This all helped with the immersion. Every scene is dripping with hidden details covered in immense beauty sugar coated with an outstanding soundtrack played by Radwimps.And although the end is predictable, it did what 5 Centimetres Per Second didn't do. It left me satisfied. What seemed like a stupid idea turned into Your Name. And it's not just another Japanese animation. There are so many scenes where it feels like the Shinkai just pulls the rug from underneath you, like the movie doesn't always follow the normal routine. I felt so many emotions in this movie.It grips you in that way and shows that every second in the movie and in life is important.This movie takes every awesome element that Shinkai has ever used in his films and are all constrained into this movie. This film has jaw dropping photo-realistic visuals with beautiful Japanese voice work, great cinematography, laugh out loud comedy, gripping story, insane twists, looming soundtrack, heart racing action, unforgettable quotes.But the best part about this movie is that it has very few mistakes. Everything is in the film for a reason. Still, I don't feel like I've covered most of the points of why this movie was so good without spoiling anything. But I can say that when I watched it, it was something special. Looking around at other reviews and forums, I have a feeling, that this will be regarded as one of the best animated movies ever made.A+10 / 10Watch more reviews like this at https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfNozbWd9SJYYwLK2zYn_AA I don't have much to say because I'm completely stunned after watching this movie. This movie is unbelievable. It's one of the best films I've ever seen. I just finished watching it about an hour ago, and I'm still reeling. Reader: I don't know what you want from your films. But this movie is one of the most charming, transporting, amazing movies I've ever seen. I cannot recommend more. I was looking for this kind of idea about love and i just found it in this anime and i love it so much ,perhaps you will love it too I have rated more than 1000 movie on IMDb. So, when I write that this is the best movie I have ever seen and the only movie that I wrote a review about, I mean it. I always had a deep fear that I will never meet my other half, and this movie perfect capture that feeling. There is a pain when you wake from a perfect dream and you realize that you will forget about this perfect world, that was your whole world for that few moments. I am afraid that I will cross the one without even saying hi to her. I will say this is a must watch movie for everyone. Good graphics, excellent story, and you are genuinely happy at the end of the movie. No spoilers.Just made an IMDb account just to give this movie a 10. I've never reviewed any movie online before. But this movie is a perfect 10, and if you haven't watched it then you're missing out on so much.The music, the characters, the voice acting, the plot - literally all 10/10. You'll feel all sorts of emotions watching this movie. Easily one of my top 5 Your Name is a lively combination of romance, identity, and culture. I went into the film with a very little understanding of the plot's complexities. From the trailer, I assumed Your Name would be an anime Freaky Friday love story. The framework of the narrative certainly fits into my initial assumption. Yet, there is a multitude of undercurrents in the film which make Your Name stand out. For starters, Your Name constantly changes themes and mood. Often, I found myself laughing and, a few minutes later, would suddenly be on the verge of tears. The movie's eclectic flow makes for a constantly engaging experience. The Freaky Friday element is roughly half of the film's two-hour runtime. In fact, a plot twist in the film literally took my breath away. Your Name is the rare film which combines overwhelming variety and makes everything fit organically. Through variety, the anime earns a conventional ending between protagonists, Mitsuha and Taki. While body switching is the plot's main intrigue, the film adds complexity through its exploration of Japanese culture. Japanese gender identity is explored with such a masterful hand. In subtle strokes, the viewer understands the sheer contrast in the lives of Japanese men and women. For example, a group of men have a crush on a female co-worker; Mitsuha, in Taki's body, simply initiates conversation with the desired woman and, with ease, sets up a date. When Taki is back to normal the next day, his male coworkers all line up disgusted by his act of group betrayal. The scene effectively demonstrates the strength of the herd like quality of gender in Japan. It's no surprise then when Taki, in Mitsuha's body, finds such humorous wonder in the breasts he suddenly gains. A contrast can also be noticed in the struggle between the past and present. The present is Taki's experience of Tokyo. Likewise, the past is illustrated by Mitsuha's familial duty to her small town's local shrine. In other words, the film merges Japanese spirituality with modern sensibilities. A desire to escape and return to the country define the film's ecliptic take on Japan. Mitsusha is your typical country girl with a thirst for a life in the city. Meanwhile, Taki finds beauty in Mitsuha's country town. The viewer amusingly experiences each setting (Tokyo and Itomori) through the unique lens of the protagonists. Ultimately, a comet and local god guide the distant figures into a surprising collision course. As a result, fate is sealed by the two somewhat metaphysically dissimilar sources. The forces of science and divinity augment Your Name into making the seemingly fated connection all the more plausible. The film is a testament of the "opposites attract" sentiment. In summary, the film has a real beating heart. I will end my review saying Your Name is the best looking animated film I have ever seen. The colors are always pleasingly vibrant. Additionally, all of the scenes are lovingly rendered and pulsating with life. I haven't walked out of a theatre with such a positive perspective on life in a long time. If you live in a city, you ought to take the time to experience this anime masterpiece. I'll be honest with you, I'm not the biggest fan of anime. Not in the sense that I particularily dislike it but rather in the sense that I haven't seen that many anime shows or movies. Of course I've seen most of the Ghibli films but that's pretty standard even for a normie like me. In terms of Makoto Shinkai I hadn't seen a whiff before I saw Your Name (Kimi no na wa). However this one reached such an unsual amount of praise and attention compared to other anime films that even I got curious after some time. Could this movie be worth all the hype? Could it appeal even to someone relatively unversed in anime? And the answer was a thousand times yes! Your Name contains everything you could ask for out of any movie, not just animated ones. Romance, heart, passion, visual splendor, suspense, humour and much more. Many of these things have been lacking in most recent Hollywood movies as they seem to be getting more and more transparent in how safe they're playing it and how unpassionate their films are. I never thought to look to a whole other culture to find all these things that I've wanted more of for so long, but here we are! Your Name is beautiful in every sense of the word. Firstly from a visual standpoint. By now I've seen quite a few Shinkai movies and they all look really great, but man does he outdo himself here! Every movement looks fluent, every colour is expressive and vibrant, every expression on the faces of the characters looks natural. The whole movies is gorgeous because of all of these things, but the final act is where it really pops thanks to the grand epic scale of what is happening on screen. But perfect visuals are nothing without a good story, and thankfully Your Name has it. You've probably heard that the premise is that a boy named Taki and a girl named Mitsuha start switching bodies inexplicably. I think you should watch this movies with a clear mind, so I won't say anymore, just know that there's more to it than that, and the film takes many unexpected twists and turns. Also I need to touch on the fantastic soundtrack by RADWIMPS. I wasn't sure if their music would work well together with this rather dramatic and lofty premise, but the music is such a perfect fit for the visuals and it always seems to exactly match the emotion that is being created by the scene. I have all the songs on my playlists now and I listen to them practically every day during my spare time, it's that good!By the end of the film I felt like I had had such a complete experience. I had been laughing, I had been moved deeply by the dramatic scenes and I had been gasping at the visual spectacle. I really do not know how anybody could watch this film and end up finding nothing to like, it really does feel like there is something here for everyone. What I ask most of all out of any movie, is to entertain me and to move me, and Your Name did that better than most movies I have ever seen. It really did give me everything I could possibly want! Your name is a unique screenplay with a unique story twist the film is full of drama / romance even mystery
a great story with a great fiction the graphic that is perfect, Comfortable and attractive with a great soundtrack that get you in the mood
The most interesting thing about the film is the design of characters, their behavior and their causes
And the new fiction
the plot was interesting and it was flow very well This film will leave you speechless - it is quite simply one of the most beautifully crafted films I've ever seen. The animation is breathtaking and possibly the most beautiful animation ever put to screen. There really are no words to capture exactly how it makes you feel because this is simply a film that will move you in inexplicable ways. Sit down, enter the world that Makoto Shinkai has presented to us and soak in all of the magic. Un-be-lievable experience! I like, but don't love, musicals - my DVD shelves contain a selection, but the stuff there is pretty obvious: Singing in the Rain, King and I, Wizard of Oz, Moulin Rouge etc.. I'm not a Meryl Streep fan - I admire her craft, but mostly haven't liked the parts she's played. Conversely, I've always liked Abba's music. So that's my starting point when considering this movie which I have just been to see with my 80-year old mother.The story is a piece of fluff. Sophie, who lives with her mother in a dilapidated hotel on an idyllic Greek island, wants nothing more than for her father to be at her forthcoming wedding. The trouble is her father could be any one of three men with whom her mother dot dot dotted twenty years ago. So Sophie invites all three of them to her wedding and, as expected, complications ensue. The story, such as it is, is quite strong enough to enable the songs to be hooked onto it. And the songs, with one or two obvious exceptions (Money Money Money cued by the rundown state of the hotel) are very cannily worked into the story so that each one is relevant.The film looks great. The Greek locations overflow with sun and primary colours. The script is mostly fairly deft, and there is a sprinkling of decent laughs.But the film ultimately stands or falls - and it stands, believe me! - on two things: the music, and the cast.The music - sitting through this film brings home the strength of the Abba catalogue. There isn't a weak song among the two dozen which feature on the soundtrack. The music, produced by composer Benny Andersson, mostly wisely sticks very close to the original arrangements, and the occasional divergences (Greek bouzouki on I Had A Dream, for instance) are spot on.And the cast - well, they deliver. Brosnan's singing has been criticised, but he is always in tune, and he delivers a satisfactory vocal performance rather than dazzling with a polished singing technique (which he hasn't got). The four leading women are all wonderful. Julie Walters and Christine Baranski as Meryl Streep's two oldest friends are both very funny (Julie Walters has a particularly funny little bit of business in a rubber boat), and Baranski has her own knockout number. Amanda Seyfried as Sophie is simply delightful - she sings well, carries the plot and all the emotion which goes with it, and is very easy on the eye. And Meryl Streep is a revelation.This film is an utterly joyous experience. My old Mum and I came out of the cinema buoyed up by the experience of watching it, and I cannot recommend it highly enough to anyone who enjoys musicals and/or Abba's music. I saw this film at the screening on Sunday and was not too sure of what to expect from it. I hadn't seen the west end show so was not really aware of the story line but that really did not matter.As soon as the first song started I was loving it! The actors may not be that great at singing but does it matter?! They are actors after all and this is not the west end! The actors play the parts really well and make fun of themselves at the same time. The story line is fun and has laughs for all ages. Julie Waters is her fantastic self in it and Meryl Streep plays the mother really well. The dance scenes are great and well put together. Loads of people in the cinema were singing and dancing in their seats so just enjoy it and have some laughs for a few hours.If you take it for what it is, a fun laugh out loud film with good actors and fantastic songs, then you will enjoy this film so much.I suspect that this will be a summer box office hit! Enjoy it and have fun - you may need your tissues though as I'm pretty sure some of you will be crying with laughter at some of the scenes. I didn't know what to expect when going into watch "Mamma Mia", was this gonna be another Hairspray or Across the Universe or Rent? This was a lighthearted, quite enjoyable movie of its own style, Meryl Strep blew the entire audience away with her comedic persona in this movie. After seeing her in Devil Wears Prada, you are shaken momentarily after seeing her climb on top a roof singing "Mamma Mia!" and swoon and the dance teenage giddy girl dance. You'll love this movie for trio of older woman characters, they were all so funny. Mr. James Bond's character and singing was such a hilarious delight for the audience, we couldn't believe this was the man who played a top secret spy agent.With just the right amount of eccentricity, heart, and *get out of those movie chairs and DANCE IN THE AISLE* ABBA music, you'll never want this adventure to end. After watching the Mamma Mia! musical in London, I was thrilled to hear about the movie coming out. Meryl Streep in a musical seemed like just one reason to watch it. Well, I must say.. It was a lot more than what I expected! The beautiful scenery, the cast and the songs. A good mix of tears, laughter and love that will make you feel like you're a part of the gang and enjoy every bit of this movie. Not one of the cast members let me down. It really is a feel-good movie and it made me want to stand up and sing a long. The ABBA songs are made for dancing and in this movie it reassured me. The singing and the dancing put smiles on people's faces, and it makes you feel happy and as if all worries are gone. I certainly smiled during the entire movie. The cast members were all wonderful singers and especially the two lead actresses Meryl Streep and Amanda Seyfried impressed me. A well-made movie that is worth watching more than once! I have a confession to make that could land me in serious trouble here. I love this movie with a love bordering on the unnatural. Of course, I hear you saying, that can only mean one thing; you're a gay man of a certain age and if you haven't come out of the closet already. you're coming out now, and wearing sequins at the same time. No straight man, I hear you say, could love this movie with this kind of unbridled passion, so if you have aspirations to being a 100% red-blooded heterosexual male, (is there such a thing?), then keep any fondness for "Mama Mia" to yourself; you will automatically be suspect. Of course, I could just as easily be a teenage girl, (it's a chick flick, after all), and be in equally serious difficulties with my peers, for loving "Mama Mia" would then mean I had already turned into my mother, for this is a chick flick for the older chick and no mistake.I had avoided it on stage. I have never been a fan of 'juke-box' musicals where a plot is conjured up around a set of songs by a well-known group or artist. And my undiminished love of Abba, (there, I'm out of the closet - happy now?), made me shy away from, rather than run to, a show where their greatest hits were sung, karaoke-style, by others. But something drew me to the movie. Perhaps it was Meryl, (if Meryl liked it, it can't be that bad, I kept saying to myself). Perhaps it was the locations, (it all takes place on a very travelogue Greek isle). Perhaps, ultimately, it was the songs, (who isn't a dancing queen, after all). Nevertheless, going to "Mama Mia", the movie, was still like dipping my toe in the water before deciding if I wanted to do a full length of the pool. The last thing I expected was to fall head over heels, to turn into a blubbering mess, to turn into the oldest dancing queen on the block and into my mother all at the same time. "Mama Mia" is a guilty pleasure, (no self-respecting cineaste should ever admit to even liking this movie, never mind loving it), but as guilty pleasures go, this is the best junk meal you are ever likely to have.It's director, Phyllida Law, did it on the stage so at least she is familiar with the material, but she is new to movies and after the mess Susan Stroman made of "The Producers" I didn't really expect anything, but while "The Producers" was stagey,(and not in an appealing way), "Mama Mia" is genuinely cinematic. Lloyd's idea of film-making may be to let her camera roam all over the place, (she seems to have an MTV mentality), but she also knows how to build a production number. This is a fully-fledged musical of the old school. And now I am beginning to see the light. It's OK, guys, you can admit to liking "Mama Mia" without worrying too much about revealing your sexuality. Straight men are allowed to like musicals, too, aren't they? Then, of course, there are those songs, the ones we grew up loving. I read somewhere that Abba didn't write great songs because no-one covered them, unlike, say, Lennon and McCartney; that what made Abba's songs 'great' was the Abba sound. There may be something in that; the 'Abba sound' produced some of the greatest pop ever. Arguably, the songs that Abba, (and by Abba, I mean Bjorn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson), wrote and recorded are the greatest pop songs we've been given. So how do they work coming from the mouths of people who, effectively, aren't singers? (Ok, Meryl, we all know you can sing and act and probably split the atom at the same time, and the girl who plays her daughter, Amanda Seyfried, sounds very pleasant to the ear). Well, the answer is bloody marvelous. Most of these songs sound as if they were written for the film and not the other way round; in other words, they fit the plot in the way that songs in a good musical should and they are good enough to stand on their own.These are Broadway show-tunes and they aren't wholly reliant on 'the Abba sound'. So what if Julie Walters and Stellan Skarsgard croak their way through 'Take a Chance on Me'; by the time they get around to it I would have taken a chance on anyone. So Pierce Brosnan can't sing? Neither can Tom Waits or Leonard Cohen and yet we love them to bits. (Actually, Brosnan can just about manage to hold a tune and he makes a fairer fist of it than Lee Marvin or Clint Eastwood did in "Paint your Wagon"). And Meryl, of course, is wonderful. Our greatest living actress is having fun here. This is her first fully-fledged musical: I just wondered what took her so long, (her rendition of 'The Winner takes it All' is one of the great solo performances in any musical).But does any of this justify my over-whelming and totally inexplicable passion? Probably not, which is why it is inexplicable. It's not a 'great' movie, (although it could just be a 'great' musical); it often feels like a bunch of friends' best ever holiday video where they keep bursting into song with fully orchestrated backing, and it gives a totally new meaning to the term 'Greek Chorous'. So, obviously I am a middle-aged gay man with a full wardrobe of seventies gear. (I certainly haven't turned into my mother!). I mean, what other explanation can there be? Oh, I've just thought of one. It is a great movie musical and it's a terrific way to spend an evening. So I can now safely go back into my closet if I can find room among all the sequins and seventies gear. I have to admit that I was neither a fan of ABBA or of the musical show on which this movie was based upon, and didn't attend it when it was shown in my town. But I went to the movie excited about three things: a very good trailer, recommendations from all my friends and most importantly the presence of Myrel Streep and Colin Firth, two of my very favorite actors.So, let me put it that way: Mamma Mia! is one of the most entertaining pieces of cinema that I have seen in a long, long time. Yes, it doesn't have the gorgeous stylization of Moulin Rouge or the raunchiness of Chicago, but in its own way, it's just amazing. The simple presentation is backed up by a fantastic cast, a heartwarming story about love and the meaning of family, and a bunch of beautiful songs. Watching this film was one of the most beautiful movie-going experiences I had; I saw it 3 times in packed theatres, where audiences were quiet when they needed to be, and active and responsive otherwise. In those three times, the first Dancing Queen number got wild applause by the minute it was over, a proof of the entertainment value of the film. And near the end, when Donna looks at the screen and asks why everyone is still there while the credits are rolling, she says "do you want one more song?" and the entire audience would scream "YEAH". This is a first-rate crowd pleaser; a film that takes you into its world until you feel you are part of it. What an achievement.To some cynics, the story, involving a 20-year-old girl inviting three of her mother's old flames, suspecting one of them would be her father, is just an excuse to build a movie around Abba's songs. But what's wrong with that? The story is sweet and simple; the characters colorful and lovable, and the musical numbers are breathtaking without even trying to be anything spectacular. The cast are all excellent, starting with the adorable Amanda Seyfried, playing an energetic, practical girl torn between her love to her boyfriend, her sense of obligation towards her hard-working mother and her sense of incompletion because she doesn't know who her father is. A complex role, presented in an airy method, and played to perfection by the young actress. Julie Walters and Christine Baranski add comic genius to the equation as Donna's best friends, and so does Stellan Sarskard and Dominic Cooper. Colin Firth gives one of the best performances of his rich career, deserving all the praise possible for his "spontaneous" performance, and his final revelation is hilarious, and handled with so much cuteness and zero cheesiness that would be expected from Hollywood on such occasions. Pierce Brosnan was as hot as ever (sorry, can't find another word) and he added some real charm and star charisma to the picture.Which brings us to Myrel Streep. The Woman Who Can Do No Wrong. Yes, she can appear in mediocre movies, most recently in the likes of Prime and Lions for Lambs, but even then she adds a spark to the entire project, and makes watching these films an agreeable experience. In Mamma Mia! she is just absolutely fabulous: she dances, she sings, she acts like the legend she is, and in one particular scene preparing her daughter for the big night, she reminds us why she is so respected and, at 59, she is still a major Hollywood star: she is just simply a phenomenal performer. Fun, lovable, and definitely capable of handling a tune, her Super Trouper and Mamma Mia! numbers are highlights in the film.So, all in all, Mamma Mia! was the ultimate fun experience for me this year. Sweet, sensitive, and charming with a superb cast and beautiful music. Give it a shot in this summer of superheroes and bad movies, and it will help restore your faith in old-fashioned, simple cinema. If not, then at least you will have a heartwarming 2 hours of music, love and Streep and Firth excelling beyond expectations. Go see it with an open mind and, most importantly, an open heart and you will be "having the time of your life". Well, what can i say? This movie is one of the best movies i've seen in on a big screen so far! I don't particularly like musicals, but man this one is awesome! All the songs that have been chosen for it are great and popular so it was no surprise that all the time the audience was singing along with the actors :) The whole time the faces of the people around me were lightened up with a smile and everyone was happy! Me..... i had the chills going down my spine pretty much most of the time :) No one stood up before the final credits were shown and everybody was simply sitting down listening to the music, happy by the unexpected joy this movie brought them ;) I strongly recommend this piece to everyone regardless of age and genre preferences, cause i really believe that this movie is so good that there's no way not to fall in love with it! :) I went to see the film with my girlfriend and wasn't really interested, although it did have a very impressive cast! I LOVED it! What a great surprise, I laughed the whole way through and found myself completely invested in the plot!! The acting, singing and dancing was superb, I honestly believe Streep (who looked fantastic!) could be up for an Oscar.Additionally it's a genuine breath of fresh air to see a primarily older cast given roles full of fun and energy! Every one of the older cast deserve honourable mentions! (I'm 27 BTW, so its not like i'm a bitter old person either! lol) Go check it out, well worth it! I have become a "Momma Mia! aholic". The movie is probably the most fantastic movie I have ever seen. I have never seen a movie more than once at a theater. I believe the combinations of music, comedy, near Shakespearean farce, some drama, fantastic acting and unexpected cameos makes this a top, top winner in my opinion. I know it cannot qualify for music awards but it should qualify for other awards. I don't want to spoil it for anyone out there but if you haven't seen it by now, since its been out for over a month, shame on you. Part of the reason why I have gone repeatedly is because I have enjoyed the audience reactions nearly as much as the films multi-talented stars. The audience has been mostly Baby Boomers who can relate to Meryl Streep and Pierce Brosnan. It has been mostly women but when couples show up, the men hoot with laughter as much as the women. The comments overheard while leaving have always been positive and most are delighted they came; surprisingly so, they say. The movie is also an education in taking chances regarding type-casting. I hope this sets a precedent for the future of all those actors who are waiting for their chance to broaden their scope of their chosen careers. Hurray for this movie on so many levels. Go see it. Now! And again. And again. I'd been putting off going to the cinema to see this film for weeks on end. From seeing the trailer, my first thought was no way. Even though it seemed like the ultimate chick flick, which is usually my perfect genre to watch, I didn't fancy it. However, a week later my Mum asked if I'd go with her, so obviously I agreed. We never went straight away with wanting to see other current blockbusters, such as Batman etc. So I'd kept on putting it off even though everyone I work with had seen it at least once and didn't have a bad word to say about it!So about 4 or 5 weeks after release i booked the tickets, and with only 2 showings i chose the 8, thinking it would be rather quiet. When we got there we had been put in the largest screen and had to queue for about 20 minutes because it was so popular! People struggling to find seats etc..It was absolutely amazing! It was so different to how it had been advertised and how I expected it to be. I will admit during one earlier scene (Seyfield singing with her mother's diary)I thought it was far too cheesy to handle. But after that I was hooked.I really wanted to dance when the girls were dancing to 'dancing queen!' The entire film was just really fast paced and happy. I enjoyed every song, and I think Amanda Seyfield has a beautiful voice. I'm not a fan of Abba, but i loved the entire soundtrack. I loved how there was a middle aged guy sat next to me, trying really hard not to let on that he was enjoying the film. Foot tapping etc.One thing I didn't expect was the cry during the film. I don't really cry at the cinema but I couldn't stop weeping on the scene when Donna and her daughter are getting ready for her wedding. I thought it added a really serious moment to the film, making me appreciate it more. Oh and another thing. The location! Wow. I've always been a fan of musical Theatre. You can't beat the atmosphere of a crowd fired up by excitement, laughing, crying, clapping, cheering and of course singing along to the numbers. The players on stage bring a 3D reality to the show that you can't get at the cinema - though the lack of ability to do close ups means that you do lose some of the emotion in the individual performances.I never thought I would ever see a film at the cinema that successfully merges the live atmosphere of Theatre with the in your face close up acting that you can get on screen. But this is what you get when you go and see Mamma Mia the Movie. People are laughing out loud, crying, cheering, clapping and as the film progresses, dancing in the aisles. On top of that are emotional, perhaps Oscar winning performances by the likes of Meryl Streep and Julie Walters.You may have read some poor reviews of Mamma Mia. Ignore them! The negative ones were probably written by men who just don't get it. Or by miserable people denying themselves the chance to spend two hours being cheered up, warmed up and entertained and made to laugh out loud. In the UK we have prices rocketing through the roof, we have stagnant pay rises, rain when it should be sunny and newspapers that feed us a constant parade of knifings, shootings and killings. This film is a panacea for the modern world. A very cheesy, camp fantasy that really is as feel good as it can get.The setting is a beautiful sunny Greek island - with breathtaking landscapes of turquoise seas, white sandy beaches and green hillsides. The cast have been assembled from the best Hollywood has to offer. Amanda Seyfried looks beautiful as the young girl about to marry and wanting to know which of her mother, Donna's three former lovers is actually her father. Will she find out and will he give her away? Colin Firth, reprising his bumbling Englishman role from Love Actually and Bridget Jones Diary - and Pierce Brosnan about as far away as it is possible to be from Bond James Bond - come across really well because they are in on the joke. You can tell they are having fun and although their singing is not spectacular it is no where near as bad as some of the critics will have you believe.Julie Walters is priceless as the mad as a hatter Rosie and gets the best lines. Her friend Tanya has the best song and dance scene with "Does Your Mother Know" - on the beach trying to put off the advances of a barman young enough to be her son - or maybe even her grand son. Given their antics you could be forgiven for saying the film is targeted at middle aged women - that was certainly the majority of the audience in the cinema I went to - but every generation is represented - this is really a film about growing up and how love can be blind when you are young and when you are old.Meryl Streep is astonishing as Donna. She can sing and she acts her socks off. "Slipping through my fingers", never my favourite Abba song - becomes a tear jerker when her acting and singing combine - and "The Winner Takes it all" proves just who the winner should be.Whether you like Abba or not , the updated versions of the songs, despite the extremely unsubtle ways in which they are shoehorned into the plot (you can always spot those who have not seen Mamma Mia before - they are the ones who groan when they realise how the song has been introduced), sound fresh and vibrant and should attract a whole new generation of fans.And at the end - once the main action has finished - the title sequence arrives like an encore - encouraging the audience to get on their feet and dance till the end. And when Streep asks the audience if they want more - and everyone cries "Yes!!!" - even though she isn't really there - you know that everyone has been swept away by the cheesy camp brilliance of this film. Thank you for the music! I went to see Mamma Mia, on the 10th of July, when it came out first in the UK. I'd never seen the musical production of Mamma Mia, but thought the adverts for the movie, looked interesting, and also the soundtrack was good. The film was in my opinion Amazing. The actors & actresses acted their roles so well & obviously put a lot of emotion and hard work into the film. The music was brilliant, the singing amazed me! I had no idea to expect what i'd seen. Some scenes have you crying with laughter, others have you in floods of tears, because of the emotion & the lyrics of the songs.. I would definitely recommend you go out & watch this. As soon as it began, i was obsessed. I've been back twice to see it, and I'm planning to go again soon. The music will have you singing along, and seriously trying to resist the urge to stand up and dance. :) Brilliant overall. Definitely recommend it. Enjoy (: The winter of 2010-2011 in Minnesota was very long and the worst I can remember. I bought Mamma Mia and ended up watching it three times that weekend. For the next two weekends, I had Mamma Mia parties for guy and girlfriends, with Greek and Swedish food. We sang the entire score! When bad weather traps you inside, there is no better uplifting fun than this movie. Everyone has their favorite song, but mine is the guitar ballad on the boat by Colin Firth. I never really paid attention to ABBA years ago when they were popular(even though I'm of Swedish decent), but somehow, I knew almost every one in the movie. I understand that ABBA is coming out with a revival album in 2012 and I can't wait. I actually met Benny Andersson when he was in Minneapolis at the American Swedish Institute's party, maybe that was in 2005. The Smash hit musical sensation on Broadway comes to the big screen in an amazing way with an all star cast including Meryl Streep, Pierce Brosnan, Amanda Seyfried, COlin Firth and many more. Mamma Mia is one of the happiest movies I've ever seen. it puts you in such a good mood and it is so Real and so energetic, and Abba is a great band and seeing their songs in a movie with a story built around it is one of the most clever ideas ever! A lot of people will criticize the movie but don't listen to it because it really is one hell of a good time. and it isn't a chick flick like many people think! it is a movie that everyone will love and there's something in it for all types of people! in my opinion a five star movie! Anything with Meryl Streep is worth watching. Even Doubt, which was uncomfortable but amazing. This movie is one of the most feel good movies I have seen in a long time. Amanda Sigfried is a revelation. Even with her voluptious body it was not distracting. I was dancing out of the theater, singing the songs in my head. Okay, I wasn't dancing, but the tunes really stuck with me. I hope we see more of Amanda in upcoming movies. I'm sure she can be a great dramatic actress too. But Streep steals the show. What did I expect? She is brilliant in every single movie she ever makes. HEr performance in this just solidifies her as the best actress probably ever. From the Bridges Of Madison County to Silkwood to The Deer Hunter to Doubt to this? Every performance is different and all of them on the same level. She is a treasure that we all need to support and embrace. There will never be another like her. Warning! This is nothing but a complete surrender to Waterloo... No, Mamma Mia, I mean! Since the Swedish premier of Mamma Mia unfortunately I haven't got the chance to watch the screenversion more than twice but...Yesterday 26 Nov at about 11.00 (SST) I got my very long lasted DVD of this absolutely fantastic musicalmovie! Writing this at 02.30 (SST) 27 Now after watching thru the DVD 4 consecutive times, yes the whole lot including all the bonus material! I haven't felt this good for a long, long time. And still I haven't wept this much during a movie for many a good year.Thank you ABBA for the music!! Thank you Meryl Streep, Amanda Seyfried, Pierce Brosnan, Stellan Skarsgård, Colin Firth, Julie Walters, Cristine Baranski, Dominic Cooper and all rest of the set for such a wonderful movie!!! At last, but not the least, thank you you three brilliant women - Phyllida Lloyd, Catherine Johnson and Judy Craymer - who could make a story out of songs that in no way has more connection to each other than ABBA and Stig "Stikkan" Andersson (by the way I'm pretty sure he's taking lots of credits in his heaven, watching this musical and movie). Think of an amusement park or fairground ride, that catches your attention, and draws you to it. You get on, the ride starts, the excitement builds, and off you go. It holds you entranced, the rush is incredible! Then suddenly you realize that it has finished, time to get off. Really, you have only one choice: to get back on it again. That pretty much sums up Mamma Mia! Despite all the hype, I was not disappointed-no way! Forget any negative comments you might have heard about Pierce Brosnan's singing ability. THe more you watch, the better he gets, (an acquired taste, perhaps!) I have one recommendation though: See it on a big screen. Mamma Mia is my vacation destination this year. If I can't afford to go to Greece, then this is the next best thing. To top it off, I get Meryl Streep & Amanda Seyfried singing my favorite ABBA tunes (and doing a great job as well - with gusto).I don't want full-bore reality when it comes to musicals (i.e. Sweeney Todd - yuck). I want a semi-getaway from reality. I want romance, dancing, laughing, great music & fun (with a bit of seriousness to it - but not taking itself too seriously). In my opinion, Mamma Mia delivers that. I love it when the audience is swaying to the music, smiling throughout the film, leaving the theater with big grins on their faces & humming the songs on the way out. That's entertainment, folks, & money well spent at the movie theater. BTW, this is not a chick flick - it treats men with respect & personally the term "chick flick" is way overused. What does that mean anyway? Is there an official explanation somewhere? Life doesn't revolve only around women - men make up the other half of the population!!! I saw plenty of guys in this film & some of them were really handsome & nice too! Anyway, I loved Mamma Mia & I am glad it's doing so well abroad. I wish it did better in the USA but maybe people were sidetracked here by "The Dark Knight". Lighten up everyone - go see Mamma Mia. An excellent cast, beautiful location, and absolutely fantastic singing and dancing! When I went to see this movie the movie theater was full. All the way through people were laughing and clapping. Meryl Streep was perfect for the role as was Amanda Seyfried. Julie Walters playing Rosie stole the show! In my opinion she was the best character. Her jokes and personality got most of the laughs.The singing and choreography was amazing. Their adaption of the songs from Abba was spot on and sounded wonderful! The main theme of the movie fitted perfectly with all of the songs.I would recommend this movie to everyone! Even if your not an Abba fan check out this movie! You will not be disappointed! I just went to see it. And i was not disappointed at all. Meryl Streep was so funny and she sang the songs with so much emotions. Pierce, Colin and Stellan don't have great voices but they fitted in so great. You could the pleasure and fun they had making the movie splashing off the screen. Julie Walters was a absolute delight. And Christine Baranski (Cybill) played her character absolutely wonderful. The storyline was okay but the whole of the movie was so much fun, I even caught myself singing the songs out loud. I have one advice, don't go running away at the end-titles cause there is more to see. ABBA lovers have to go and see this movie. Even Benny and Bjorn had a small cameo. Ignore all the critics dissing this film!! "Mamma Mia" is pure bliss, movie magic through and through. Dance your way to the nearest multiplex and see it! The cast is superb, I was especially taken with Amanda Seyfried as Sophie-she does quite well in the lead role as, of course does Meryl Streep-what can't this woman do?? Julie Walters and Christine Baranski are scene stealer's as Rosie and Tanya-Their individual musical numbers are hysterical!! Be warned though, the three men(Pierce Brosnan, Colin Firth and Stellan Skarsgard) playing Sam, Harry and Bill do not sing very well, but thats part of their charm. They were obviously cast for their acting and the fact the characters do not sing well only adds to the fun! Dominic Cooper as Skye is a vocal revelation-he actually can carry a tune and is quite sexy to boot!! Listen , bottom line is this-"Mamma Mia" will not be everyone's cup of tea-the local paper critic here gave it 1 star!! I don't know what movie he saw or what kinda crappy day he must of had beforehand, but this movie had the audience laughing, crying and cheering and a round of applause at the end!! All the reasons people go to the movies-simply put W O N D E R F U L !! My thanks to all involved-Great Fun! Being such a huge ABBA fan, I went with my WHOLE family - there were 13 of us (plus kids) and we all had a really good time.What impressed me about the movie is that Phyllida Lloyd is a brilliant director - I guess cause she now knows the musical backwards! She has kept the movie at a lively pace that it's never boring. I really don't get what all the complaints are about. She did a great job! Period.Meryl is wonderful. Fantastic in her role as Donna. I liked Pierce's singing voice as it lends a kind of seriousness to what he was conveying to Donna in "SOS". And in "When All Is Said And Done" the setting is just so wonderful. Julie Walters is so hilarious...and how come no one talks about Christine Baranski's eye-popping splits in "Does Your Mother Know"! Amazing! The ABBA songs doesn't feel forced at all as some critics foolishly argue. Catherine Johnson's story is simple and I believe the whole team knew that the ABBA songs were going to be the star and the crowd-puller.Of course I wished some ABBA songs were written in the movie like "One Man, One Woman", "As Good As New" or "If It Wasn't For The Nights"...but then it would make for a 3 hour movie! I won't complain!!! The movie's general release here in Malaysia is Sept 25 but they usually have sneak previews one week earlier. Overall I'd say the crowd was mixed - males and females almost equal in number, mostly over 30s and it was like everyone knew the songs, laughed at the right spots (well, most of the time anyway!), tapped their feet and some were even bobbing their heads! As one local movie reviewer put it: "...15 minutes into the movie, ABBA fans would wish that the cinema seats would disappear and the disco lights would come out!" Okay, so here we have an entirely implausible storyline shaped into unashamedly enjoyable cinema experience. Personally, I hate going to movies, just because they are so expensive these days. I went to see this one twice... People in the audience were laughing out loud, clapping and enjoying themselves. Isn't that what we go to the movies for, to be entertained? Admittedly, Pierce Brosnan can't sing... so what? He was a ton of fun. The leading ladies (Streep, Walters and Baranski) seemed to be having such a good time... there is not much sexier than mature women having fun and being the mature women they are... The characters looked and acted seasoned, which was quite refreshing.I can't wait for the DVD with the outtakes... What a joy, what a life, what a chance!This is exactly the kind of movies that make you feel all happy and cheerful once you leave the theater. I've really enjoyed this movie and yes it's a fun one. The songs are great the scenery is amazing and the actors do an excellent job. Meryl Streep surprised me the most. She turned up to be an excellent "Donna". She is fun, funny and she gives an excellent emotional performance of "The Winner Takes It All". But the most outstanding one was definitely Amanda Seyfried. That girl has an amazing voice and she gives a great, and fun show. So if you are looking for a sweet and fun movie, then yes this is the movie for you. I went to the cinemas yesterday to watch this movie, as I watch the trailers, I was excepting it to be great, and surprisingly it was! It turned the world of musical upside-down, the ABBA songs used were excellent, it fitted every situation perfectly.This movie gives you a mixture of feelings, it gives you butterflies, makes you laugh, makes you anxious on what's going to happen next and even makes you cry! The performances from the wonderful cast were a phenomenon, especially Meryl Streep, who surprised all of us with her singing talent and proved that she can shine, no matter what. So well done all of the cast! The script was throughly brilliant, it was presented very well, it had all the songs in the right places, all the laughs in the right places and all the tears in the right places. Not a single improvement to be made! So if you had a bad day and you're looking for a movie to take your mind off things, take a trip to the cinema for Mamma Mia and get ready to laugh, cry and be taken away.RATING : 10/10 A MUST SEE MUSICAL! If I saw the movie now for the first time I know I probably will hate it, but the 11 year old me was so love struck with it. Honestly no movie these days makes me this happy anymore. Also I think this one (the first movie) is so much cinematically pleasing. I enjoy the dark blue rainy vibe & the shaky camera a lot. This movie is my guilty pleasure. 10 for the nostalgia feelings. Perhaps I Have to tell something so that people who hate this film do understand why I review like this. My Dad died in 2008 when Twilight aired. I watched the movie again and again. And today, I still watch it again and again. I always have problems when I read a book and they made a movie of it. Because most of the time the movie just sucks. But not with the Twilight movies. They are like the books, and this without a big budget. So if you have a hard time and you need a simple but nice movie to watch to leave into another world. Please watch this. Amazing acting and great story line, only problem is, it's fairly long It's just a fantasy romance with a different take. I liked the movie to start with and now it is a guilty pleasure to rewatch repetitively.
I see good acting. It is hard to transfer this kind of book to the movies but it really works for me.
The amount of hate from some people is annoying. If your not into this kind of movie fine, but your judgement is useless to those who like these movies. I say boy's the Twilight Saga is way underappreciated ! I own all five films.
I didn't listen to the critics or the people that said their trash. I went and watched them for myself. I saw all five films in the theater.Then I bought all five Blu-rays but I have not watched them; they've been sitting in my Blu-ray pile for like 10 years :oops:The entire cast is made up of extremely attractive people physically , so theirs that.
I am total sap for a romantic star-crossed lovers story line and is element is the heart of the films.
There is all kinds of delicious Gothic and romantic melodrama.
I've never really been a huge fan of vampires in the horror genre but it's done extremely well in this series of films.
I've always been a huge fan of the Lycanthrope and there's plenty of Werewolf action.Twilight launched two bona fide movie stars in Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson.
No shame, straight-up love The Twilight Saga . I watched this movie in 2009 I guess and watched it so many times that I even remember the dialogues scene by scene now. It's an absolute favourite and will always come back to it to escape reality. I can't begin to tell you why I love the Twilight Saga Series so much. Because it appeals to a younger genre, it took me a while to get interested. But, once I did - I was hooked almost immediately. I have all the DVDs and almost all the Sound Tracks and Scores. Carter Burwell is amazing! Anyhow, having lived in Seattle for nearly 9 years probably swayed me just a bit. I can't say there is tremendous acting, but there is enough here and there that you start to form a "relationship" with the characters. I am probably an oddball, but I like Kristen Stewart, and have watched her in several films. I kind of wish they had cast her in Hunger Games, but that's just me. I have watched all 5 Twilight's now probably close to 100 times, and each time I try to find something to hate about it so that I'll stop this infatuation, but I just cannot. Call me old-fashioned, but there is just something about a good love story that gets me every time, and for the story to include a gawky, awkward little girl falling in love with a suave and gorgeous vampire - well, you got me! You can have the werewolves, just don;t find Taylor Lautner all that hot. This movie was perfect. I am a huge fan of the series and have been since Christmas of 2007. I have been excited to see this film since they announced it, and remember the very day that they cast Robert Pattinson as Edward. In my opinion, there is nothing about the movie that could have been improved, save making it a bit longer. I enjoyed every second, even though I went in with the very highest of expectations. As long as you don't nitpick (I heard people complaining that the Cullen house wasn't white in the film, or that Emmett was batting in baseball, not fielding) I am sure that people will enjoy this movie if they loved the book. As far as book to movie things go, here are my favourites: Girl with a pearl earring, Devil Wears Prada, The Secret Garden, Speak, Harry Potter 4 and 5 and any Jane Austen story.A good book to movie translation, like these and Twilight, doesn't keep every single part in the book, and in the same order. It keeps the same feeling of the story, the general idea that got people excited in the first place.Only a couple of things annoyed me, the special effects were a bit over the top. A couple of cringes here and there, but apart from that,I really loved this movie, and I look forward to the sequel next year. As New Moon's director, Chris Weitz, directed The golden compass, I think that the special effects will be a lot more improved with him.5 Stars. The movie Twilight is a love story about Isabella Swan and Edward Cullen. Bella moves to Forks, Washington to live with her dad after her mom moves to Jacksonville, Florida. Once Bella is in Forks she meets Edward Cullen and discovers that he is a vampire along with the rest of his family. She tells him that she is OK with the fact that he is a vampire. While playing baseball with Edward's family one day, the group of bad vampires, notice that Bella is a human and James, the one bad vampire, goes after her and starts to track her. Bella escapes to Phoenix, where she use to live, with Edward's brother Jasper and sister Alice, while the rest of Edward's family tries to distract James and get to him so he won't bother Bella. James gets Bella to come to a dance studio in Phoenix by making her believe he has her mom. Edward has to try and get to Bella in time to save her from Jasper. Once Edward is there, he realizes that James has bit Bella and has to decide whether or not to let her change into a vampire or suck the venom out of her blood. Bella and Edward have to fight throughout the whole movie to make their relationship work and he has to try to not kill her. I think that this movie follows the book very well, represents its genres well, and has a lot of good aspects in the film including the acting, lighting, and music.The movie Twilight is classified as a thriller and a romance. I think that the movie represents both genres very well. It could be classified as a thriller because there is a lot of action and fast paced scenes within the movie. I think the very beginning quote of the movie lets you know that it is a thriller. At the beginning of the movie Bella says, "I'd never given much though to how I would die. But dying in place of someone I love, seems like a good way to go. I can't bring myself to regret the decisions that brought me face to face with death." I think that this shows that it is a thriller because a lot of time thrillers have somebody dying or one of the main characters comes very close to dying. This lets the audience know that Bella is going to come "face to face with death" and sets the movie up to be a thriller. Also it fits a thriller because the end of the movie kind of leaves you wondering if Bella is going to turn into a vampire. I think that it fits the genre of romance very well too because the main storyline of the movie is the love story between Bella and Edward. I think when Bella and Edward are in the woods together and Edward says to her "And so the lion fell in love with the lamb," this is when their love story starts and then we get to follow their relationship throughout the whole movie. Also when Bella says in the movie "About three things I was absolutely positive: First, Edward was a vampire. Second, there was a part of him-and I didn't know how dominant that part might be-that thirsted for my blood. And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him," I think this quotes shows that this is not a normal love story, but that she was in love with him and would do anything to be with him. Therefore I think that Twilight fits both the genres thriller and romance because you can clearly see how it is both.I think there were a few aspects of the movie that could have used a little improvement. I think the director did a good job picking out the most important events from the book to put into the movie and did a good job with putting the movie all together. I think that overall the actors did a good job playing the roles of the characters. I think that the actor and actress who played Bella and Edward could have had a little more chemistry to make the film better and seem like Bella was more caring about the relationship and not look so uninterested all the time. I think that the lighting and colors of the film did a good job a representing the plot. The story took place in Washington where it always rains a lot, so the fact that it was gloomy or darker in most of the scenes was good. Also the fact that there were vampires in the movie made it seem like the scenes should have been darker and gloomier than in just a normal romance movie. In my opinion the music in the film was very good. I think the songs they choose for the film were not your ordinary real happy upbeat song. I think these songs fit the movie though because the movie overall was gloomier and darker and I thought the music and scores fit the movie very well. I also think like that they didn't use ordinary songs because Edward and Bella's relationship wasn't ordinary.Overall I loved the movie and have watched it over and over again. I think it is a good change from all the normal love stories where there are things stopping the people from being together like somebody else or other repeated scenarios that keep them apart. This also has a lot of action and keeps you on the edge of your seat while watching it unlike most over romances and love stories. I would recommend this to anybody who loves romance stories or just out of the ordinary scenarios. In my opinion I think it is better to read the book before watching the movie because you get a lot more details and now what is going on a little better in the film. Being a huge fan of the book series by Stephanie Meyer, it's pointless not to admit that I have a certain bias towards Twilight. I was expecting great things, and my expectations were fulfilled, so I wasn't in the least bit disappointed. The entire movie is just brimming with confidence and a true love for the material, making director Catherine Hardwicke an absolutely perfect choice for the director's chair. The movie is lead by two fantastic performances from Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart, who bring the book's iconic Edward Cullen and Isabella Swan to life with energy and emotion.For the uninitiated, Twilight is essentially Romeo and Juliet with vampires tossed in the mix. Bella Swan (Kristen Stewart) reluctantly moves to the small town of Forks to live with her dad Charlie (Billy Burke). Being the new kid at school, Bella finds the outcasts, the Cullen family, to be particularly interesting, especially the unreasonably gorgeous Edward Cullen (Robert Pattinson). Needless to say, there's more to the family than meets the eye, and much conflict along the way.To be quite honest, for a book to film adaption, Twilight was unbelievably close to its source material. Honestly, you can't get much closer to the book than this. Initiating Stephanie Meyer to help write the screenplay and give word on slight changes was an incredibly clever decision, as fans that complain about the movie will only have Meyer to blame. The last three Harry Potter films have left entire sections of the book out, in addition to characters and such. Twilight does no such thing. The leads have great chemistry (which was practically required for a film like this), the core of the book is kept intact, the acting was top-notch, and the length and pacing was just right. What more can a die-hard fan ask for? Of course, there are some changes made to the movie. Some things needed to be a bit more cinematic. There are literally around 20 pages worth of descriptions of how gorgeous Edward is, and these descriptions can basically be summed up in less than five seconds. Mike, Jessica, Eric, and Angela may be a little different from their book counterparts, but it's mostly for the better. The group of friends serve as the movie's primary source for comic relief, and it works very well. Much of Bella's first day of school is missing, but it was never really all that important to begin with. Not to spoil anything, but both the battle and the prom scene were absolutely gorgeous and well-done, even though they may not have been exactly as described in the book. There were a few more things here and there, but nothing really to complain about. The only thing I was a little annoyed about was the lack of Carlisle's backstory. However, seeing some of your favorite book sections transformed onto film (especially for things like the Cullen introduction and the baseball scene) is a feeling that can't be rivaled by any other.While some people may not have been fully satisfied with the acting or thought it was laughable, I loved every minute of it. I would use the phrase "shines in her role", but I would be using it almost every sentence. There are no clear shining stars here, as everyone is simply that fantastic. Kristen Steward basically has the entire movie on her shoulders, but she did a great job. The big emotional scene towards the end was a huge stretch for her, but I bought it all the way. Robert Pattinson may have received a lot of fan hate initially for being selected as Edward, but his performance proved that he IS Edward. You can't see his accent at all, in fact, he pulls off being American quite well. Congrats to the makeup artist because Rob looked absolutely stunning.The directing from Catherine Hardwicke was perfect, and if she returns to film New Moon it will be interesting to see how she helps translates some of Bella's more emotional scenes. Hardwicke has a true vision behind the camera, and there's lots of close-ups. I can't wait to see more of what Hardwicke has to offer, as she pulled amazing performances out of every single person involved and gave the movie a definite heartbeat.Twilight fulfills its purpose for sure, and then some. It's one of 2008's finest films, and probably would have been regardless of how close it actually stayed to the book. With a story this great, its difficult to make a bad film unless you're trying extremely hard. Overall, I absolutely loved the film and it went above and beyond in every way imaginable, becoming one of the best adaptions in recent memory. I am obsessed with the books. I was a little nervous to see the movie because books are always better.... and I was worried this movie would ruin everything. But WOW! It was so good. Much better than I expected it to be. The cast for it was all perfect. They couldn't have picked anyone better for Edward. Bella, Esme, Charlisle, James, Jacob, Jasper, Rosalie and especially Alice were all perfect. I think anyone should go to this movie. It follows the book well, leaving out some things but thats OK because they can't fit everything in it. I encourage all of you to go see it! Im going to it again tomorrow night. Its my new favorite movie. I love it so much and everyone needs to go see it! I'm not sure why all of you are complaining so much. I thought this was an EXCELLENT movie! First off, it should be known that I have not read the books. So I'm not going to spend this review comparing things that were off and so forth. I think its sill to do that, anyway, as a book and a movie are COMPLETELY different things and a movie is an ADAPTATION of the book; of course it can't be exactly the same.Anywho, back to the review. I didn't go into this movie with any kind of expectation, good or bad. I have been known to enjoy the occasional vampire flick and I am always good for a romance. And that's what this movie is: a romance movie that happens to have vampires in it. I am officially in love with Edward Cullen, by the way. I think the chemistry between Bella and Edward was electrifying. The way he treated her when he first smelled her was perfect. As a female, I can tell you that her reaction was perfect for a teenage girl. Can you imagine how that would make you feel?! The scene in which they first kiss is one of the best. The emotion and passion was almost too much! Edward's intense eyes make you hypnotized.I look forward to more character development on the rest of the Cullen clan and of Jacob and his Native American tribe. The scenery of the Pacific Northwest was amazing and the camera angles were great. I thought they ended the movie well, having the audience craving more. I'm looking forward to the future installments. let me just start out by saying i read these books religiously. i have had to glue them back together i have been reading them for so many years. *******************MILD SPOILERS*********************I went and saw twilight twice last night. i have been following the movie since MTV had the rights. and from the commercials i was worried about the wire work/action graphics but i felt confident that Catherine hardwicke was going to deliver the movie the way i wanted it. i loved the actors they choose. Nikki reed, Kristen Stewart, Ashley green, just to name a few. and i really liked Anna Kendrick. she was hilarious. i thought i was going to hate Taylor as Jacob but i actually liked him. he was the warm Jacob i like. i just didn't like the way it was directed. i didn't like how they had so many face shoots, or the swooping camera. i also didn't like how choppy the scenes were. i didn't like how Edward was such a pansy. in the book, sure he wanted her, but when he made the decision to be strong he was strong and i think that got lost in translation. they played too much to his weakness for her blood, then for his strength to be with her. like how he couldn't stop in the end, in the book he made himself stop. i wish the movie could of been just 30 minutes longer. little things like he only watched her sleep once, and he never made fun of her truck, he never made fun of mike... just little things. i think they rushed too much to get the nomads into the picture. but i mean its understandable, you can't put a near 500 pg book into two hours and make everyone happy. again its all chalked up to the director. i love this movie and i will see it again before the weekend is over, cause i want them to have a bigger budget for the next movie, they are going to need it to portray the wolves. i just want a different director! and i'll be happy. Charlie Swan Charlie Swan Charlie Swan Charlie Swan Just loved it, I'm in love with this movie and with the entire cast.
The location the acting everything is just fantastic.
I can't get over it ever. The twilight Saga is my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE movies Ever!!! Wish there was more. I've been watching quality films all my life. This movie, in my humble opinion, is a cinema masterpiece. Don't believe the bad reviews. They are jealous of the main characters who found true love on screen. It was the first movie in a decade I had to watch back to back, because you will probably miss a lot on your first viewing.First of all, Kristen Stewart is excellent. The way she portrayed the character is unlike anything I have ever seen. She gave so much depth to Bella, it was even better than the Book (also brilliant). I don't the hate she gets for this role. She should have been awarded with at least a golden globe nomination.Second of all Robert Pattersen is really handsome in this movie and also very good at acting. The best method actor currently alive. He dove so deep in this role, I don't know if he will ever recover.The rest of the cast was also good.I didn't like the bad guys. They were stupid and ugly. I hope they never act again.I hope you like my review. I didn't care to see this movie in the theatre. I've heard of the books, but not read them. There just seemed to be too much "hype" surrounding the entire thing: the books, the author, the movie, the characters, the actors - everything.(I actually just caught Kristen Stewart in "Adventureland" and realized she has some chops... I'll give her that.) ... but as I strolled through my local movie store today, I picked it up... practically looking around to make sure no one watched me do it. It felt like a guilty pleasure... like a carton of ice cream or something (even at 27 I'm far too mature for such nonsense, right?) BOY, WAS I WRONG.And just like a guilty pleasure, I enjoyed every second of it.I wished I were Bella... even if that meant going back to school - just to have a freaking awesome hot, romantic, protective boyfriend... one with a delicious secret that only I was privy to.It had that very "us and our love against the world" feel without being overly dramatic or cheesy.This is definitely the kind of book I would have picked up about fifteen years ago and gotten a wicked crush on Edward just like everyone is now.I might even go back and pick up the books before they make any more movies.Guy or gal, any age -- I would recommend this movie w/o a second thought. It was a lot of fun. I don't know what people here are talking about you guys are either too old or just have bad taste in movies... This movie absolutely ROCKED i didn't get the point about signing up in this site but JUST after watching this movie... twilight i came especially just to rate it 10/10!!! If you like cool visual effects...awesome storyline... and/or just plain enjoying fine movies then this is the movie for you! This movie is definitely worth the money its a blockbuster and deserves at least 500million dollars in US only and at least 1billion dollars worldwide.By the way this is the perfect date movie because its a romantic movie which i'd usually dislike but this movie has everything a good movie needs action romance comedy.Just watch it you'll get what i mean. I read with a certain amount of sadness the negative comments posted here about this film, and note that most of the criticism pertains to the fact that this movie as one "enlightened" critic put it "has "woman" written all over it". How sad that in this era of supposed female emancipation, that any film that does not cater to the adolescent male need for blood, gore and action, is vilified. This movie is tender, atmospheric and extremely entertaining. It is not another boring special effects movie, a cop movie, a war movie, or any of the other endlessly boring (to me) movies that spewed like bile by Hollywood.A lot of the vampire fans are totally upset because the Vampires in this movie are not out killing people and because they are not the standard gore film Vampires... I wonder what all the fuss is about? Every Vampire film tends to change and modify the Vampire legend. In some movies they are killed just by exposing them to light. In some movies only a steak to the heart can do the job. There really is no standard behavior for Vampires people make it up... because Vampires don't really exist! It's a STORY people.So in my mind it's just that this movie is more poetic and is something "girlie girls" of which I am a proud card carrying member, can love. So of course it is despised because I guess all forms of entertainment are expected to cater to males and male tastes.Anyway I loved it and that is the first time I have been able to stand a movie about Vampires. Are you like crazy or you don't have sense of humor? - first they couldn't make this movie better, is the best i have seen! - & its like same as the book! or maybe you wanted to be four hours sitting down in the movie so that it could look like you wanted! or like every detail included. anyway the movie was excellent, in the theater i didn't even wanted to go out to the bathroom! & i was crying with my friend,was so cool, and then we didn't want to stop talking about it!!I loved it! haven't seen such originality since lot time! i cant wait till new moon! i bet the movie is going to be awesome!! since the book its great! I'm a 41 yr old male and I can only say that I've watched only great films more than once a couple of times the twilight series I have watched at least three times the rain for my review is that are so many people hating on these films why I don't know perhaps they lack something in their lives. The storyline is well thought out and will appeal to young and old alike. Firstly, why are so many of you guys trashing this film? I am a guy.. I'm not gay.. And i loved the film. It is beautiful. I had not read the books and i hadn't even heard of them. I simply saw this out of curiosity and also because i find Kristen very talented.. I am in love with her after I watched this.. I just want to hold her in my arms.. The scene after the hospital scene is so awesome.. I read the books after watching the film and i absolutely loved it.. I read the whole series twice.. I didn't think it was a chick book.. Kristen has a very good future ahead of her.. I cried when he bit her.. It was as if i was Edward and i couldn't protect the girl i loved...I can't wait for NEW MOON.. I am a Twilight-aholic...I love you KRISTEN... I want to hug you.. I want to protect you.. I want to make you the happiest person on the planet.. You are an amazing actress... ....how many of you have actually read the book? if you have read the book, and are letting out your frustrations, that's a different story. for instance, i would have liked to see the part where all the boys ask Bella to the dance, and I'm not talking about prom. it would have been cool to see her cook for Charlie. and i always read that Charlie had a bald spot, but now I'm nitpicking. now, if these things, or something else that was in the book and that didn't make it into the movie, is what your issue is, than that's all fine and well. but if your complaining about how Edward is the "perfect bad boy" or whatever it was, i have some advice for you: stop complaining, and read the book!!! if you would have read the book, you would know that is not how Stephenie portrayed her character. and "an annoying, unintelligent, judgmental dumb-wit who has no real attractive features whatsoever" ? that was only mike, and he wasn't even that bad. he was how Stephenie created him. so if that isn't good enough for you people, that is your problem. please, stop trying to make it ours. I don't know what people were expecting. I hadn't read the books before seeing the movie and I am assuming that maybe this was a good thing. I enjoyed the film. I do not agree with the lack of chemistry either. There was a weird chemistry which I believe made sense because of the unusual relationship. He is an odd character and she is intimidated and is also very innocent therefore it isn't going to be the usual sexual chemistry that you would find in a romantic film. A lot of people have said there was not enough sex or it was not raunchy enough. Firstly, if there were any more sex scenes it would have got quite boring, and instead we got to see a bit of a story line. Also there is only so much that they can show in a film, surely? What were people expecting? Also one final point in relation to the comments I have seen regarding the film giving S&M a bad name; I don't agree. This is a specific story about one guy who is into specific things and goes about things a particular way. It was all consensual (and it is made clear that it must be). The whole point of the story is that Christian Grey's sexual desires are confusing for Anatasia to understand and that the relationship is quite complicated due to their mutual feelings for each other. I have also seen comments that this film is sexist and degrades women. This film does not promote that at all it merely shows a story of someone who practises in S&M and in this instance the man is the dominant. She has a choice as to whether she wants to engage in this and the film does not say "this is okay" and "woman should do this". The character was not forced to do anything. I do not get why people feel the need to accuse films of implying or portraying such things.Obviously this film is not perfect and there are things that could have been better but I enjoyed this film and personally would recommend it to others. I can get quite bored in films but I was not bored at all, I have paid more to see films that are A LOT worse than this. I was a little hesitant when I decided to go watch the movie, since in my opinion most movies made from books lack a lot of scenes that are originally in the book. Jamie and Dakota have a palpable connection, despite other negative reviews (another reason why I was doubting this movie), cinematography was great, and over all this movie was if not completely then very close to what I was expecting after reading the books. Right after leaving the movie theater I wanted to go back and watch it again, it leaves you wanting to know more about Christian Grey, even when you've already read the books. I'm looking forward to the next one and I recommend you watch this one and don't listen to all the negative reviews. I loved it! This movie is really not as bad as everyone is making it out to be. Many voters haven't even seen it and others have hated it before they saw it.I was so focused on the book the first time I saw it that I didn't really appreciate the movie for what it was. Then a friend dragged me in for a second viewing and I knew what to expect. I was very surprised because it wasn't as bad as I thought the first time.No, it is not a masterpiece. And it's missing many scenes from the book - a book that was terribly written and originally was a Twilight fanfic (which still pains me),but had a good story. This is the story, they should focus on.The sex scenes were not necessary to that extent and they should have cut it short. Dakota Johnson was not my favorite choice for Ana Steele. She's not tiny enough. But I found her actually very fun and quite good. Jamie Dornan was a good Christian for me, though many do not agree. A few times his accent slipped, but other than that he did a very good job. Sadly the script didn't give Jamie and Dakota much room to explore their roles. It was too shallow so I applaud them for doing it so well.But a few casting choices were not so good. Elliot was not a sweet, hot lady killer, but looked more like a creepy drug dealer. Kate was not gorgeous enough and Grace (Christians mom) was too young.All the criticism for being anti feminism is something I don't understand. We start out with seeing a girl who doesn't have any self-esteem and lets everyone walk all over her. Then she meets a man who gives her confidence to stand up for herself. She finds her own inner strength. Also, there's no rape between Ana and Christian, not in the movie nor the book.Many from the BDSM community complains that the book makes it seem that you can only be into BDSM if you have psychological problems. It isn't true. Ana discovers that she likes it too and that 'it isn't the how that was wrong. It was the why'. There's nothing wrong with liking BDSM, but it is wrong if you do it to punish and work out your personal problems. I think it's sad that the movie has such a bad rating on IMDb because it's not terrible. Many horrible movies have better ratings so it's obviously because of the hype that many don't like the movie (or the books for that matter).Go watch the movie without expectations. You'd be surprised. Well, I read all three books. The first two book is kinda filled with lots of steamy stuff but third book is more interesting. Me and my fiancé had a chance to go at a pre-screening of the movie. And to tell you the truth, this is probably 98% match with the book. People complain no matter what. "It's not like the book...blah blah...Oh, its like the book. No new material..." But I say, this is not everyone's cup of tea. I like it because it has sensuality. People think this movie promotes violence. I don't see any violence in here and neither does my fiancé. These are acts of two adult, consenting to perform BDSM. It is not full on torture to mean and hurt anyone. Again, its not for everyone. So if you don't like it. Stay away of it rather than putting negative comments and confusing people. I understand this can be new to some people and be little uncomfortable but that's what everything new is going to be like. So, I liked the movie and enjoyed it even though lots of nakedness. But, hey this is the 50 shades of Grey! I loved the book to movie adaptation; overall the movie is basically just like the book. There were a few scenes that had to be left out but there was no way they could translate the entire book into the movie. The sex scenes were tastefully done. IMO if people like the book they will like the movie. Dakota did an amazing job of portraying every facet of Ana. Dakota did an amazing job of portraying every facet of Ana. I am a huge Charlie Hunnam fan, actually he is the reason I finally gave in and read the books, I was upset when he backed out and doubted at first Jamie being castHOWEVER after seeing the moving, Jamie is Christian, he brought the stiff, standoffish, cold, older in manner than years Christian from book1 to life, I could see his struggles with realizing he actually felt real emotions about a woman, the struggle with changing for her, staying away from her. Honestly, after watching the movie I can't see anyone else as Christian or Ana. In book 2, Fifty Shades Darker, Christian really starts to evolve and we learn more about him and I can't wait to see Jamie bring FSD Christian to life. The ending had me in tears and I went home and immediately started a re-read of book 2 Fifty Shades Darker. Applause to Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson, Sam Taylor-Johnson, Kelly Marcel, EL James and the entire cast and crew for bring Fifty Shades of Grey to life in such a splendid, classy, funny, sexy manner!!! Bring on Darker and Freed!!!! Fifty shades of grey, was actually a good movie. i don't know why people say the opposite, but i really enjoyed watching it.To be clear, i haven't read the book,so i can not compare the book to the movie, i do not know if there were scenes that were not shown in the movie or if there was deterioration of the characters of the book,etc etc.Its a romantic story, of a girl who falls in love with grey, but he is dealing with his own demons (he is fifty shades of f*cked up), as he calls himself, unable to love unable to be touched, he only wants to rule,be the dominate male, and has this playgrounf to feed his appetite. Anna, falls inlove with him, she tries her best to understand him, tries to please him by doing all that he wants, but in the end she cannot handle it anymore and leaves. Gray does not want her to leave, he has feelings for her, he does not want to accept the fact that anna is changing him.As i said, it is an interesting movie, with a nice plot and romance, the erotica scenes, were not disturbing to me, there where well played so as not to make it look like a porn movie. I saw this film on Valentine's weekend, And as all book to film situations the film lacks the description, and this book holds a lot of description especially where fueling imagination goes. The film always had a lot to live up to. But i think they did it well. A few of the scenes jumped through quite quickly without explaining what was happening so I'm hoping maybe when they release the DVD there will be some uncut scenes added or bonus scenes. I think you understand Ana quite well but you miss some of Christians Depth, and how he really feels about Ana. But overall i really did enjoy it, the scenes played well, and were a lot more raunchy than i was expecting. And very funny in places. A great start to the series. I think most people love the second book more so hopefully more detail next time please.As for Jamie and Dakota, I think they had all the chemistry there, and did it really well. I think the script was more lacking than the actors playing them.The directing was great and the overall look and feel of the film was great. i think the book to film sets were exactly as they should of been, and felt they kept true to the books.Great film did exactly what it said on the tin :) I feel like everyone who is writing all these reviews are people who haven't seen the movie and are just saying it "sucks" because of everything they've heard. I read the books and loved them and I told my friends to go watch the movie with me. One of my friends heard there was "rape" and all this other BS. There's no rape, no abuse, nothing. It was all consensual. The movie itself was really good they followed the book and got most of the key points and there was also a little comedy in there! So don't listen to these stupid reviews and watch it because apart from all the moms it was amazing, I really hope they make fifty shades darker soon because my standards are really high now 3.6.Is that even possible?The movie was really good ,not great but really good.It really exceeded my expectations ,of course that some parts of the movie should appear on the screen ,but that was the choice of the director and I agree with what has been done.When I arrive to the cinema , my mind was boiling and my heart was pounding really fast(maybe some people will considerer it ridiculous).But when it starts was a really joy to see it.Also,the actors made a really good job ,specially Jamie and Dakota(the others basically didn't have to much to say). However,I don't know how I will wait more 2 years for the next movie ,since I read all the three books just a couple months ago and the second book was my favourite.This time my expectations will be even more high,because we will see a different side of Christian ,more tender,romantic and generous man . Maybe Spoilers here!I went to see the movie today and was a little afraid after seeing the rating. But as a hardcore Fifty Shades of Grey fan I was ready to jump in and give it a try.So I will be quick with my points~ Dakota Johnson..Stunning..she was cute..charming...and classy she brought Anastasia Steele to life in front of me just the way I had pictured her from reading the 3 books.~ Jamie Dornan...yes his accent came through sometimes but I didn't notice it enough to make a big deal of it like some people are seeming to. His acting to me was great, his body language perfect, his look is amazing, he is a stunning man and a great actor. Too me he was intense, intimidating and kept me begging for me. ~ The sex...was wow...kept me on my seats. I was a little afraid about seeing the red room in person and I thought they did it tastefully and to me it wont scare away people who have not read the books. ~ Chemistry...who says they don't have Chemistry? or that the actors hate each other? You even see in the interview where they said Jamie would cover her up, they obviously have to care about each other and I never see any bad vibes between. Their chemistry in the movie was great, something most women are gonna be dreaming of having.~ It followed the books perfectly without being boring. They added their own flare to scenes to keep it from feeling like it was read straight out of the book.~ The ending was done just the way I imagined, it leaves us open and wanting for the 2nd film especially for anyone who hasn't read the books. My mother went with my group and she has never read a page of the books. But she left the theater wanting to know when the 2nd movie was coming out so she could know what happens to them. ~ I expected there to be many haters of this movie, and its not going to be every ones cup of tea but I believe that its going in the right direction and the 2nd and 3rd movie will have more variety as anyone who has read the books knows where the plot goes. We can focus on romance/sex/ and then add some action in there and suspense.~ I love Dakota and Jamie. I hope they don't go through reading these and be to hard on themselves. They did a great job, so let them ignore the crap reviews and realize the real fans are here to support them!! <3 <3 <3 So I got the privilege of going to the fan screening last week, and I was nervous, because I feared that with the TV Spots that meant the movie might not be great but you know what it was! I was excited because Dakota & Jamie have modeling background, so they are comfortable with working their bodies in front of the camera. The music with the scenes were pieced in together beautifully. I like that Dakota brought forth her natural sass, charisma and humour and Jamie has this ability to be cold one moment, and look adorably cute the next. The fact that Sam is a photographer was also something I was excited about because the shots of the city,and the shots of the different angles of certain scenes with Jamie & Dakota in the red room, his bedroom or her room, as well as the view of the city was so wonderfully pieced together so I look forward to seeing the next two adaptations if all three are a part of it. People might dislike this film because its not exactly like the book, but people have to remember its an ADAPTATION, or perhaps because they think they had a different vision of what the characters looked like, but this is Sam Taylor Johnson's vision of the characters, and she saw qualities or ways that these actors portrayed these characters that she knew were perfect for HER vision, or maybe it's because of what you feel about what their love story entails, but you know, just because you don't like it, don't push your thoughts and hate on other people, respect what others like and dislike. Watch it if you're a fan of Dakota, Jamie or Sam, or if you're a fan of the books, or if you're curious to see what it's about, but just have an open mind ;) Why did I give this movie a 10, you ask? Well, I will happily tell you. The movie, even though it is based off of the book, is nothing like the book. I am not hearing the words "inner goddess" 60 times nor am I reading "gasp" more times than I blink. Every character that was in the movie was perfect, hand picked, and well done. Ana is a lovable young girl and Christian isn't as Alpha Male as the book describes. It's actually quite fun to watch these two interact on screen during their conversations. Ana, which in the book, is a more naive character, is portrayed as intelligent, witty, and sassy, which is a nice change. Christian, although seemingly dominant, shows the softer side of him throughout most of the movie.Now, to those of you who haven't seen the movie but are rating it based upon the books just sound ignorant. At no point in time does E.L. James state this IS what BDSM is, this is HER fantasy, something that she has been thinking up for awhile now, this is what SHE wants. Everyone's fantasies differ, that's what makes things like this so taboo. Assuming that this is what the BDSM style is like is simply ignorant. I don't think they have a reason to be offended because she's "Not portraying the right BDSM lifestyle" Is there really a "right way"? Some people cover them selves in leather, others are chained, others use ropes, women and men can both be submissive and dominant. At NO point does she out right say that this IS what BDSM is, and that's it. No, she doesn't.Another issue that is being brought up is rape. When in the hell does he rape her!??! At no time in my reading of the books does he ever rape her!? Did you even read the book!? What!? Also, she agrees to this lifestyle and she is the one who willingly submits (she even ASKS him some of the time). When she says "NO" or "STAY AWAY FROM ME", he does. I'm really not seeing any rape here. You can't rape the willing (which is also known as 'consensual sex') Weird concept, huh? Also, boycotting it for domestic violence?! Please, this movie was ANYTHING but that. At no time did he out right beat her or even get close to doing that. Unless you think it's abusive to aggressively make out with someone in an elevator unexpectedly. Eh. I was honestly trying to find even a HINT of domestic violence...I came up with nothing.You're probably sick of reading this by now, but, a few more things to add to the table. Boycotting this movie because it's "Violent" "Against Sacredness of Sex" "Rape" ...have you even seen the movies that are out right now!? I would rather watch a woman asking to be whipped than a child in American Sniper get his brains drilled out by terrorists. Or a girl who is portrayed at 16/17 years old in The Boy Next Door completely naked and sucking off 'the boy next door' (underage porn much? even if she is really 25, her character is NOT). Oh, and that SAW Series!? What the hell you guys, really? You're OK with someone sawing off their leg and playing games with people, but not with Ana and Christian!? Last thing: How sex should be sacred. PLEASE NOW, that is a joke in today's society and if you think this movie takes away from that, please pardon yourself from EVER watching Game of Thrones, Dexter, Sons of Anarchy, ya know, those super popular shows about killing and sex and crime? Why aren't you boycotting those?! How do those have such high ratings? Well, I read the books several times and I still am. I saw the movie and I think it was perfect! But before I watch the film, I wanted to know what people who had seen the film could well think. There is a huuuuuuuuuge enemy team and the opposite. I read all opinions about fifty shades that are against it.It is right to have an opinion, but look, it's yours. Just do not generalize about feminist subject or anything else. Oh and yes, stop judging. There is a lot of people who are practicing this kind of sex. I do not judge you because you do not like Facebook or because you eat McDonalds, etc. Whatever... In the movie and the book, Anastasia was not forced by anyone to do it! She and only her decided to do it. This can be degrading for you, but maybe not for her ... and for all others who are practicing all that sex and stuff.For those who hate, if you do not like it, just go away and go live your life! I mean, yes, OK you do not like this, and you think this is the worst movie ever! Good for you! But people who have not read the book and have not seen the film have their own opinion about it. Maybe you do not like, but others like it.And please, don't stop putting 1/10 if have not seen the movie. Well, who the hell are you to judge ??? Before watching the film I checked the IMDb star rating minus reading the reviews to gauge public opinion. I didn't want to read reviews as I want to form my own opinion unblemished. I was wonderfully surprised by how much I enjoyed the movie yet horrified by most of the reviews on here. If the movie was fairly judged for what it is I'd probably rate it a 7 but choose to give it a 10 to compensate.I thought it was filmed beautifully and the acting flawless. I haven't read the books but watched it being a fan of Jamie Dornan, if you haven't already you should watch him in The Fall with Gillian Anderson. He is an excellent actor and am amiss by what many have described of him personally I think he makes the movie and is a leading man with substance! First of all i don't understand why so much hate on this movie?And why did IMDb website open voting process when the movie wasn't even shown at the theaters?Haters are going to hate but leave it alone already!Now down to the movie...After the very long anticipation and excitement for the movie i experienced two feelings after seeing it. - Astonished -FrightenedFilm is totally fine and doesn't contain abuse or anything that hurts female population at all! Everything is consensual and negotiated. By the end of the film you will realize,ironically that Anastasia is in charge.Film is fun to watch with partners and reason for that is Dakota Johnson.Yes, her sense of humor that was given to a character needs to be praised all the way.She makes the film a romantic comedy that will soon give new dark twist that makes this movie intriguing in the first place.She is not annoying and i like her character more in movie than from the book.Both of them, even Jamie Dornan has developed sense of humor that makes this movie entertaining to watch.Now i have some worries about Johnson...i feel like she has given too much of exposure to herself for this film without being aware of the consequences. I would be so woesome if she fails in getting what she wants and that her career of acting will flop afterwards. Because she is such a great actress.Cinematography and Soundtrack for this movie are perfect! And i have no complaints about that. Plot is okay but the dialog wasn't so great. It was cheesy. But Hey!All the Nicholas Sparks movies have cheesy dialogs but better rating for some reason, and who gives a darn about that.Sex scenes were not shocking or controversial but very well done in artistic way.Praise Sam Taylor Johnson for that.In particular one i like the most is Anastasia losing virginity. That scene was simply beautiful shot.Angles,background music and the most gorgeous part was when the camera was directed to the ceiling where we can see reflection of Ana and Christian having sex and that part reminded me so much of an artist Édouard-Henri Avril.The movie is simply beautiful and i hope that people will stop complaining about it. I gave it a 10 just because this movie deserves more and has so much more in its source material. Hope this helps. Looking forward for the sequels. Anyone who posts poor reviews for this movie either didn't read the book, didn't understand/like the book, or are prude. The movie was such an incredible adaptation of the book and the actors all did a very great job portraying their characters, Although the film grazed over the minor details of the book, they did an incredible job following the story line and had very tasteful sex scenes. Although while I will admit this film is not for everybody, anyone who enjoyed the book will probably enjoy the movie. People really shouldn't take this movie too seriously and go into it with an open mind. Obviously there is strong sexual content but that is basically a given since it is based on a book that's primary focus is sex. I truly believe this film's ratings do not give it nearly enough credit that it deserves. I thought the movie was great!!! The chemistry was OUTSTANDING. I am very happy with the movie! Can't wait for movie number TWO!! Dakota did a wonderful job playing Anastasia and Jamie did a great job playing Christian! They brought the characters to life and i'm more then pleased!! I've seen the movie two times now and it just keeps on getting better :) The last scene was heartbreaking but the glider scene was AMAZING and the helicopter scene..omg! You can really see the love they have for one another in the movie and it just keeps on growing later on!! And i do understand that the can't include every detail in the film but i do think they included the very important scenes! :) Just finished watching Fifty Shades of Grey and I gotta say... the film was beautiful. Yes, I am using the word beautiful to describe this movie. I went into the theater completely prepared to be embarrassed because of how graphic it was supposed to be, but I was extremely surprised by how I actually felt. I watched all of the scenes that were made available and thought that it all seemed a bit awkward, but it was only because there was no background music or noise. Watching the actual scenes in the movie was a whole other experience. The movie is getting a really bad rep because of the bad writing and graphic scenes that are in the book that it is based on. However, the movie is not just a "sex movie" like everyone says. It's pretty hilarious and romantic. The sex scenes were extremely dialed down and they all served a purpose. If you thought the pointless sex in The Wolf of Wall Street was acceptable, then you would be more than okay with the content in this Fifty Shades. Before I watched Fifty Shades of Grey, I watched a lot of interviews with the cast of the film and was confused as to how they could possibly describe the sex scenes as being classy and elegant. But then again, all I had to compare it to were scenes from Game of Thrones, True Blood, The Wolf of Wall Street, etc... After watching this film, I can honestly say that I completely agree with the cast. There was nothing "dirty" or "wrong" about what I was seeing on the screen. Sam Taylor-Johnson, the director, did an excellent job with this movie. She made it very tasteful and easier to accept. This film could have gone in a very bad direction, but thank god it didn't. For those of you that think that this movie is glorifying abusive relationships, think again because I think that it actually empowers women. I'm sure that you can argue, with quotes from the book, that I'm wrong, but there are many differences between the film and the book. Let me remind all of you that the book is a little over 500 pages and the movie is only about 2 hours long. Obviously, they had to cut a lot of things out, including the blue string scene that I'm sure a lot of people are aware of. In my opinion, they cut out many of the scenes that were considered controversial. I watched the movie looking for signs of an abusive relationship, but I really didn't see anything of that nature. In fact, all I saw was this confident and empowered woman that made all of her own decisions. She was not forced to do anything that she didn't want to do. She wanted to explore Christian's dark world and her own sexuality. You can argue that Christian abuses her physically and emotionally, but he does what she tells him to do. When she says stop he stops. He tries to make it work with her.Moving on to something lighter, the comedy in this movie is on point! There were many "laugh- out-loud" moments that gave the movie a lighter mood. Those scenes were there to show that Christian and Ana's relationship was not all dark and serious. I mean they are both young people in their twenties that should be having fun! Dakota Johnson gave a phenomenal performance and did everything right! She was confident, awkward, shy, and funny all at the same time. Jamie Dornan also did an amazing job as Christian Grey. They had great chemistry. I guess what I'm trying to say is that you should give the movie a chance. If you hate the book, it doesn't necessarily mean that you will hate the movie. I have read many reviews, written by skeptics, saying that they ended up loving it. Don't let the bad reviews or even the book itself stop you from seeing the movie. I was not disappointed at all with the finished product, even though they cut out a few scenes that I loved. It is perfect just the way it is. (I apologize for any grammatical mistakes... Unlike Ms. Steele, I am not an English major) Watch this movie alone. You will enjoy it more. The acting was fabulous the entire premise is awkward and scary. The lack of music in parts is to show this awkwardness.I am a 41 female author and I couldn't get through the book. I am a submissive in my personal life and no one who would know me would guess this.The original billionaire fantasy is cheese in and of itself. However If you look beyond the bad music, lack of music or sound of any kind. there is an awkwardness that you cannot resists. I keep finding myself rewinding so I don't miss parts LOLI found this movie HOT! However, I think it would be awkward watching it with someone else in a theater. This is a personal awkward thing by its very nature. Best if enjoyed alone or with someone who understands.I thought it was perfect and exactly what it was supposed to be. I don't see why there's so much hate I loved the movie and so did all my friends! It definitely met my expectations and they followed the book pretty well, the soundtrack and music in the movie made it even better, not to mention the sex scenes were pretty intense;) All of these hate reviews are really annoying because they're not true whats so ever and whoever is writing them probably don't even know what the book/movie is about. They executed it perfectly especially the ending its literally amazing! Honestly though don't listen to these reviews go watch the movie and make an opinion for yourself. Cant wait for the next movie until then I might have to go watch it again:D I loved the movie. I really felt the chemistry between Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan. They were just what I imagined Anastasia and Christian would be in the books. I don't see a reason why there are harsh comments saying Jamie is not "fit" to be Christian Grey, and that it should be played by actors like you know who. I respect other's taste of choice, but I really think Jamie did great. He had that Christian Grey authoritarian impression but he also showed a bit of Christian's vulnerability in his eyes. And Dakota was perfect for Anastasia Steele with her charmingly innocent features, and sass with a touch of sexiness. They make you love their characters no matter how grave the situation they are in.There were some good parts and lines in the book that was not acted out in the movie, but that was okay because they were just minor stuff anyway. I was glad because the sex scenes were sure intense but was done in a refined way than what "others" expected from the film. I like the ending, it leaves you hanging for more. Just like in the book. There were moments were I laughed, was near to crying, and got captivated and infatuated. Which was perfect. And i felt Ana and Christian's pain(which was profoundly exhibited), and where it was coming from, which is important for the audience to feel. These moments tell you that THERE IS MORE to Fifty Shades of Grey, than simply showcasing eroticism and BDSM, or the rubbish stuff harsh commentators say about it. (Maybe they didn't even watch the movie or read the books, or if they did, then I think they didn't try to delve in enough to the story for better comprehension and approach.) I'll definitely buy a copy of the movie. :) Fantastic film, great acting, this is a love story not a porn or action film, and Jamie and Dakota did brilliantly, the sex scenes were very tastefully done, I have heard that the scenes are tame, the sex scenes are definitely not tame, This film is not about the sex, its the journey of a man who had a terrible upbringing and his struggles when he falls in love, and his life changing from have complete control to giving that control up for the woman he is falling in love with, Dakota does brilliant acting I will definitely go to see this film a few times at the cinema. Well done Jamie and Dakota cant wait for Fifty shades darker in 2016 This is a brilliant film. All the Characters are portrayed to an excellently entertaining standard. It is a love story were the chemistry is electric from start to finish The one liners very funny. I was laughing out loud from beginning to end. I was very concerned from reading the book whether I would cringe at the sex scenes but I have to say the entire film was very tastefully done. I would say a little too much of Dakota and not enough of Jamie. Too much would have been porn. This would have been hard to watch with friends. The ending is brilliant. I laughed out loud at the gasps from the audience. It was a give away of how many had not actually read the books. Please Don't listen to the bad reviews go and see it for yourself. I loved how this movie gave me plenty of time to contemplate the events with all of the blank space offered. The large quantity of nothing happening really allows you to soak up the characters. Along with this the actors did a magnificent job to make comedy brilliantly intertwined in the movie. Their decision to act so dreadful was a great way to bring comedy into the already fantastic movie. Plus the corny dialog was great to really remind you of the book's writing, which is rare, as adaptations are rarely so similar. However the best part of the movie is the valuable message it gives. All you must do to get mysterious men to open up to you is perform lots of weird sex activities, which is what we really must realize. Not to mention domestic violence is perfectly fine, in fact encouraged. Overall this review was complete with sarcasm and in reality this was a terrible movie. If you were surprised at all by the end YOU DIDN'T ACTUALLY READ THE BOOKS! If you didn't read all 3 books, don't go see it! The movie was great! I giggled at several parts and you could feel the connection between "Christian" and "Ana" throughout! I wasn't a fan of the casting before going to see it, but they did a GREAT job! In order to enjoy this film though, YOU MUST READ THE BOOKS!!!!!!!! And all 3 of them. The movie was true to the story for the most part, there were differences and changes, but nothing that changed things drastically. I thought it was great, will certainly go see it again! And will buy when it comes out on DVD! Freed and Darker would be good combined! Darker was my favorite book, so Im really excited about that one! I went to see this film with my sister and my Mum and we were the only ones in the cinema. Not the best start, but I continued to watch it anyway and am so glad I did. This is probably one of the most beautiful and romantic films I have ever seen! From the relationship of the two characters to their surroundings, every scene is breathtaking! The Notebook tells the story of a summer romance that turns into a romance never to be forgotten. Allie and Noah are the two lead characters and they are wonderful. You immediately fall in love with the characters and you want to follow every step of their doomed love story. it is one of the greatest love stories ever told. Look out for the lake scene, unbelievable! I came out of the cinema wanting to go back in again and watch it all over again. It feels like you are reading a diary watching this film, thats how detailed and wonderful this film is. Cannot really give too much away about the story, all I can say is if you haven't seen this film yet, be sure to see it. I cannot think of a film more perfect for Valentines Day! This movie seems to be postcard perfect, a lesson straight out of the director's guide to romantic movies. Boy meets girl at a carnival, love from the other side of the tracks, a date by the water, etc. And yet the wonderful thing about this movie is that it takes what seems like a story you've heard already (at least in bits and pieces) and still moves you deeply. It really speaks about love in a way that most romantic movies miss by speaking in cliché or over shoot by adding in numerous complications to dramatize things. There have been other great movies to comment on love in recent years (Eternal Sunshine, Lost In Translation jump to mind) but this movie fills a need that those other movies miss: the need for a straight, sweep you off your feet romance. Too bad there can't be movies like this every year... Often times when a movie comes from source material such as a novel that did well, the people who were fans of the book end up not liking the movie as much. Sometimes those same fans even end up hating the movie, or not even giving it a chance by seeing it. Such was the case, that I already knew the ending of Nicholas Sparks's novel even before I got into the theater. Let me clear up though, that the best thing about the film was that I ended up getting wrapped in the story on the screen, rather than sitting there thinking to myself what part of the story should be coming next. That is what makes a great adaptation, when you can get lost in the story, and forget about your thoughts, or what is going on in the outside world. Not only that, but the film soared past any expectations that I had for it from the start too, by being very well Directed and acted. Best known for his acting credits, Nick Cassavetes was tapped to direct this film. His past experience, which didn't consist of very many films includes the Denzel Washington film John Q. This was not going to be an easy task for him though, because the story was built on us believing the love that the main characters of the film would be showing was real. It?s not as easy as it sounds, and some films (like Star Wars Part 2), end up making the audience laugh, rather than feel what the characters are feeling. He did a great job, and helped put together a great cast for this film that would end up including Ryan Gosling, Rachel McAdams, James Garner, and Joan Allen. All actors who have found their niches before, and were brought in to this film to help carry the story. Gosling is best known for his role as "Richie", one of the kids, in Murder By Numbers. He brings a great innocence to the role of Noah Calhoun in the film, one of the two main characters. Rachel McAdams plays the other half of the duo as Allie Hamilton. She was actually one of the leads (Regina George) in an earlier Summer movie, Mean Girls. At the heart of this film the couple represents the love story that is being told by James Garner's character. He reads from a book , the story of the two lovers as they go through everything life has to offer. Gena Rowlands plays the lady that he is reading to, and she gets as wrapped up in the story as we do, as he progresses from chapter to chapter in the novel he is reading. Garner was perfect for this role, and shows his narrating skills as he explains how the two of them live. Meanwhile, in the story, Noah and Allie meet in one of the cutest scenes of the movie. He sees her at a carnival, and knows right away that he wants to be with her. He does not know quite why at first, and all he can say is that something inside of him is drawing him to her. He convinces her to give him a chance, and she eventually agrees to give him the date that he seeks. What progresses from there is a Summer romance that goes through all of the emotions that we all have experienced before. What makes it even more real, is that it is not played off as if every single moment is perfect between the two of them. It depicts that they do have fights, that they do have disagreements, but that they do have a love that is stronger than any of that. This is what made the romance real for me. Everyone knows, that in real life we can't have a relationship where everything works out perfectly, or where everyone agrees on everything. The romance blossoms, but a problem exists that could spell trouble. Noah is from a one- parent family, and sees himself working at a lumber-yard for the better part of his life. He says that he has found his place in life, and this is what the "cards" have planned for him. Allie on the other hand, come from a very well-off family, and is being brought up in a rich societal circle. Her family is spending her 17th Summer in the small town by the sea, and first comes across Noah by pure coincidence. The romance between them is kept under wraps for quite a while, until her parents find out. The mother immediately thinks that is should end, but the father feels that it is just a summer "thing" that will come to an end rather quickly. That is, until she is out late one night with Noah, and he takes the side of his wife. They see no future between their daughter and this "boy", and take her away from him the first chance they get. That coupled with the outbreak of World War II keeps them apart for a couple of years, and the story really gets underway. Will their love be able to endure the separation, or will one of them move on to something that is easier in their own lives? The story becomes an epic of its own, as its starts to split time between the story being read, and the story of Garner and Rowlands living in the present day. This is what I love about films like these, as we are given the opportunity to enjoy two different stories going on at the same time. The love shown by Noah and Allie is something that envelopes us, and it makes us forget about the current story. By going back and forth, we are able to look forward to where each of the two stories is going. All of it leads to an ending of each story that is both very enjoyable, and very emotional at the same time. As I said before, sometimes a book can fail to transition to film. This is not one of those cases, as the movie instead becomes its own entity. Both stories have great chemistry between the characters at the center of them. It is amazing just how well the actors/actresses in the parts play their roles, and just how much we as an audience start to care about their lives. As it progresses, we truly care about what will happen to the main characters, and we have in our own minds how we want things to turn out. It is that type of film, where we start to become part of the story, and want them to act or say something specific, that truly makes a great story. Even though this is a movie that is heavily geared to lovers of romance novels, this is a film that I found very enjoyable. I highly recommend seeing this film while it is in theaters, or purchasing it when it hits DVD, because it has everything that is needed for a truly great love story. This amazing love story can be enjoyed by all. The Notebook is not one of those cheesy chick flicks that often come out, it is a brilliantly written intriguing story about two young lovers that most people can relate to.Even most males will agree that this movie pulls at your heart strings. Filled with fabulous quotes, and sentimental moments I found this movie to be one of the best I've seen. I got to know both main characters and found myself relating to each of them. Most of us remember our first love and that strong connection we had with them. This movie makes us think of what could have been and gives us a fresh look at the meaning of true love. I recommend this movie to anyone with a heart. I went into this movie with the misconception of thinking this was just another typical romantic movie, but I was very impressed by this film and the themes portrayed in this movie were handled in a great way.This movie will have you feeling happy and joyful and the scenery is just brilliant. You will feel like you are part of the characters, and you will care about them throughout the whole movie.The movie gallops in speed as we are absorbed into the great plot and brilliant acting of all the cast involved. Ryan Gosling is brilliant as the shy and quiet Noah, and Rachael McAdams is superbly beautiful as the star of the movie, Allie.As I said earlier in my review, I did go into the movie not expecting much and that was because I thought it was a typical "boy loves girl" movie which are sometimes just too predictable. Don't get me wrong, they are some good Romantic movies that pull it off very well, but there are simply too many in that particular genre.The best thing about this movie was the depth of the plot and the actors playing their characters so well. The supporting cast were good, and James Marsden deserves a mention for managing to pull of a hard role as the "rich man" well. Another plus point about this movie was the great script, and you did not see too many "cliches" which is always a good sign in a Romance movie.It does not matter whether you love romantic movies or hate them, this is NOT just a romantic movie it is so more than that. By the end of the movie you will feel a whole heap of emotions. You will be talking about this movie for a long time.The only bad part about this movie is the length, which I think could be shortened a bit but on the whole this was a superb movie which is well worth a watch.Go and Watch this! Amazing movie which will have you brimming with joy.9 1/2 out of 10 This story plays out as Duke, played by James Garner, reads a story about two young people in the 1940s who fall in love and endure life. The movie moves between present-day and the 1940s. It is structurally very similar to "Fried Green Tomatoes", which is also one of my all time favorite movies.Unlike "Fried Green Tomatoes", this focuses on young love as it grows and endures through wars and parental dissent. Sure, the core is the "Romeo and Juilet" theme, but the way is plays out and the exceptional charisma that the actors bring to the screen make it feel fresh and not entirely predictable. This is a deeply romantic movie. If you are cynical at all about romance, timeless love and dedication to another person, you may find yourself rolling your eyes a bit. I am not that cynical about the emotional ties that bind us and I was thoroughly taken in by the story.This is such a gentle movie. The characters are very human and very likable. All of the actors turn in engrossing and compelling performances.Technically, this movie is exceptional, too. The scenes during the opening credits is absolutely breathtaking. The editing is very good. The story is compelling from the opening credits to the closing credits.My wife and I don't always share the same perspective on movies, but we agreed on this one. We both loved it immensely. I am certain this will become part of our permanent collection. The Notebook is one of my all-time favourite movies. Its a constant, and classic love story that makes you feel as if you are there watching it.. as if you are one of the characters, which makes the impact of the story just that much more real. There really are no words to describe how this movie makes you feel, but one thing is for sure... It will make you feel. After watching it, i've often just.. sat where i am and just thought about it. It's just one of those movies that you will think about 30 years after watching it, and still get that same feeling in your heart.. and you'll know that it touched you in one way or another. If you haven't seen it, you really are missing out... Its a classic! I am a big fan of love stories. Lately, the film industry has been lacking the sort of element that I love to see in a movie. The last movie I saw that made me cry as much as "The Notebook" did was "Ghost" with Demi Moore. The casting of Allie and Noah in the movie was exceptional and made the feelings and emotions seem real. After watching the movie in the theater, I noticed every person, including the men, cry as they left the theater. Now when was the last time you saw anything like that?? I bought the movie on DVD the day it came out and have been watching it everday since that day!! I would highly recommend this movie to both males and females. I hesitated to watch this movie for almost 2 years until I got into the Netflix club and saw a little of the movie. I then couldn't wait to receive it by mail but instead, I ran out to the Video store and rented it. It was only a dollar to rent but I can sure say one thing. It was the best dollar that I ever spent. I never had a movie that moved me nor made me shed so many tears and as soon as my wife came in from shoping, I told her that its a must see movie and then started to tell her the who story. Before you knew it, I was at the end and still crying. I am one of those guys that don't easily get moved by movies but this one got to me. Don't get me wrong, It was tears of joy with a little taste of sorrow all thru out.You will love it! I promise. Hear me out lads i do not cry during movies okay but this one really hit me for the last 35 minutes of the movie,,,, i've just been sobbing,,,,,,,, and the movie makes the cut of my top 5 movies of all time easily,,,,,,, i'm just sad i didn't watch it earlier i really missed out didn't i This was one of the greatest love stories that I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. Ryan Gosling was, as always, authentic in his portrayal of Noah, a poor working class guy who falls in love with Allie, a beautiful rich girl who is staying in town with her family on their summer's vacation. The relationship is not well received by Allie's parents which leads Noah to make a decision that he feels is in both of their best interests. The result of a hastily made decision leads our main character down a road that first shuts out true passion as he tries to forget his past hurt. But, a stint in the military, where he experiences loss as well as his loss at home following his service in the military, leads him right back to his heart. The story is deep and bittersweet, but ultimately rewarding. It doesn't get any better than this. Wow! Outstanding! As predictable as the plot may appear, this is one of the greatest love stories ever told on the silver screen; it will melt the hardest of hearts. Don't bring a hankie, bring a towel. The screenplay as well as the adaptation portrayed by the actors was superb. This was not a movie on my RADAR at all; my wife selected it because she previously planned to read the book. What a wonderful surprise. I've never formalized my opinion of a movie before, but I felt it was my duty this time around to include my comments in hopes it might influence someone else to see this wonderful movie. If you're in love, or looking for the definition of love, this is a must see movie! After watching this movie 2 days ago, i refuse watching any other movies cause the satisfying feeling i had while watching is still lasting. For me this is the perfect love movie. And i recommend this movie to everyone including the people of modern day society who forgot what love is really about. After the movie ended it left me crying, and i'm as much a man as a man can be. This is the first time since i've been a kid i cried cause of a movie. I pictured me and my girlfriend growing old together and this movie reminded me that love is the purpose of life, to love and be loved. If you find this movie boring or just didn't like anything about it, means you clearly are missing something in your life, lets all hope each of us finds true love in their lives. It's my film of the year so far. Forget about the clichés, the seagulls, Allie the elder's tasteful turnout etc, this is a first class love story. The mix of the present and the past was exceptional, Noah and Allie present and past was acted very convincingly. An exploration of senile dementia and the test to see if real love can break the barriers that medicine can't. Can a teenage summer romance last a lifetime? I thought the scene where Noah's girlfriend comes to visit was very well done, even though later on Allie's fickleness is a bit upsetting. And while you know or think you can guess how it will end there are a few subtle slight swerves to keep you guessing. Will Allie have an accident, who is the old guy Duke, Noah or Lon? And Gena Rowlands was fantastic as the Allie the elder, I almost fell in love with her myself and I am 30 years younger. Definitely worth the $10 entry fee and if you see it on DVD cuddle up with your other half and be prepared for the sniffles cause it's touching if you have a heart. I usually don't like romantic movies much, but I adored this film. From the start, this movie had a warm feel. The scenery was gorgeous, the acting was wonderful, and the script was so well-written. The relationship between the two stars was amazing, and the chemistry between Rachel MacAdams and Ryan Goseling made this movie amazing. (I am looking forward to seeing more of their work in the future.) THis is a very touching film, and quite beautiful. After seeing it, I wasn't able to stop thinking about it for days. It's a great date movie, and a wonderful film for a rainy day. Just be forewarned that it's a tear-jerker. Two thumbs up! I like every single type of movie. From sci-fi to thriller, from fantasy to romantic. I have watch Gone with the Wind because people say its the best love story ever, along with titanic, but i think that The Notebook beats both of them. Its by far the best love story i've seen. It tells a great story, with good actors, and great scenes. It can relate to everyone, because everyone knows, you just can't forget your first love (or your true love.) The notebook doesn't follow the regular style of a love story, where two odds meet, dislike, like, fall in love, separated by outsider, and end up together. It is more than that, and makes it more enjoyable. The Notebook is the best movie I have seen in a very long time! I love the story, the actors, the scenery...everything. I have NEVER cried when I watched a movie and this one made me cry like a baby in the theater. Which was very emberassing if you ask me. But anyway, The Notebook is the most touching love story I have ever seen. Not to mention Ryan Gosling is 2 die for hot! I can't wait until the movie comes out on video. Which it will be out next month, so go out and buy it because it's such a great movie. Even if you don't see the movie, read the book. The book is just as good but provides a lot more detail into the storyline. And honestly, I don't think the book is as sad. This movie was without question the best love story ever told.Yes I cried bucket of tears.I only wish every husband and wife could watch this together, my wife and I had a box of Kleenex on the bed, and used up the whole box.Being someone who works with people that are sometimes not there, I understand losing touch.I see it every day, and see spouses that have lost touch with their love of their life.The Notebook was incredible.Regards, Dr. Bob There are 101 pages of reviews of this film, so why write another one??Well cause its Jan 2012, and tonight a fourteen year old girl sat with her dad and watched this film for the first time. She isn't a 'cryer' as such, in fact she hardly ever cry's whilst watching films, this one she did. More than that, when I asked what she thought she simply put her hand to her throat and mumbled the words... 'hard to breathe'! This film will leave you finding it hard to breathe.. it's simply that good. Ryan and Racheal are good.. but for me young Mr Garner steals the show.. he is what makes the film for me.. his reading of the story is breathtaking.. and there is one line that has stayed with me since the very first time I heard it... "well thanks doc, you know what they say, science goes only so far, and then comes God.." If you haven't seen this film yet please, please take the time... my little girl was stunned by how good it was and she is very critical at times. As for me.... twentieth time of watching.. and dad still cried at the end.. Watch this and you will never regret!!!I think, it is just a masterpiece of cinema! I have not ever seen more beautiful film! Producer knows how to create romance and a harmony of colors... "The Notebook" is my favorite film, I had seen it many times and I still like it.I advice everybody to watch this amazing film! Because I have not hear any bad opinion about this film. P.S. Sorry for my not very well English:)Dina (as known as Belchonok), Russia P.S.2 You may write me a letter. Have you ever wondered "what if"? What if I had chosen a different path in life? What if I had married my first love? What if, what if, what if? This movie is the ultimate "what if" movie. Beautifully written & casted it draws you in and makes you beg for more. This is the best love story I have ever seen. Ryan Gosler is perfection, he makes you want Noah for yourself. If you've ever had a first love this is the movie you have to see. It's heartbreaking and heartwarming all at the same time. Even the music is so stirring that I had to buy the soundtrack. This movie takes you on an emotional roller coaster that will have you laughing and crying. It will leave you breathless. You can't just watch it once. My husband and I watched this with another couple. All four of us really enjoyed the movie. It is a wonderful movie that I will recommend to everyone I know. I must admit that I'm not normally a "cryer", but I highly recommend that no one watch this film unless you have a steady supply of tissues close at hand. *****SPOILER???****(this is my first comment on this site, so I don't know if this is a spoiler or not??? Better to be safe and mark it so)I loved the scene when Noah took Allie to the old mansion for the first time, and even though they wanted to "prove their love", he was still gentleman enough to say that she didn't have to go through with it if she wasn't ready and that he could wait...that's more indicative of true love instead of just some hungry male trying to get in her pants. I loved, loved, loved this movie...but I didn't understand why her mother would keep all those letters. IF she really desperately wanted Noah out of her daughter's life, then why wouldn't she have destroyed them on the spot? And weren't there inconsistencies with hair colors? Did anyone notice? ********All in all, minor discrepancies aside,this is a must see. For all ages, men and women will love this film. I will certainly add this to my DVD collection. I watched 7 years ago which is still number one of my list If you love romance then this is your movie. The chemistry between Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling is awesome. It's one of those feel good take your breath away with tears movies, well if you're a girl. and it's one that most guys that I know actually have liked. It's a must see! The costumes are unbelievable and the acting is great. Joan Allen plays an excellent character. Make sure to be comfortable because you won't want to get up! The filming is awesome, the sets are awesome, it makes you feel like you really are in the 1940's. Definitely one to buy in my opinion. A classic "star crossed lovers" romance which offers the story of a love that can do miracles. I haven't cried so much from a movie until I saw this one. Drama..Romance..a little bit of subtle comedy..I felt like I was part of the movie..I felt like I could be watching a movie about me! I figured right from the start that the old couple were probably the young children in the story. The movie outline was very interesting. I've never seen a well played movie within a movie.Some part that agitated me was when the movie was getting good but then they would cut back to present day! I mean that was the point of the movie to keep it suspenseful like but here I am crying my eyes out wanting to find out more!! I was very disturbed with Allie, as an older women, having that memory problem because that just isn't how I would picture a love story. Felt really bad for her husband but give him props for still loving and wanting to be with her.I was very surprised seeing Rachel McAdams playing Allie after seeing her in previous teen movies "Hot Chick" and "Mean girls", but her acting in this movie was pretty phenomenal. And Ryan Gosling...very good looking actor who played his character well.I think, though, that they caught Allie's and Noah's stories short towards the ending. I would have loved to watched more about their future. Ending was a little bit weird for me but made sense.Recommended: People who enjoy love stories. One word sums up this film "Perfection". That's it really!! I saw this film in 1987 when it was released and was completely blown away and like Baby I fell in love with Johnny and Patrick Swayze. It has such classic lines as "I carried a watermelon" and "Nobody puts Baby in the corner" and too many others to mention. I loved the story, the characters, the setting, the dancing, and well  the music was phenomenal not one bad song in the whole soundtrack. It just shows that you don't have to spend a fortune to make a great film. Thank you to the cast and crew for making such a wonderful film which makes me smile like a Cheshire cat whenever I watch it. This is one of those rare rare films that needs a 30 year break between the time of production and the time of the review in order to appreciate it.Since 1987 I have seen this film 7 or 8 times. Each time it just gets better. As a Prolific Review here on the IMDb, I can count on the fingers of one hand the number of films that improve with age like that.This is literally the original "feel good" dance film -- which spawned dozens if not hundreds of imitations. The script is perfect. The acting is perfect. The casting is perfect. The direction is perfect. And the music score is to die for.Nobody puts Baby in a corner? Well, nobody should ignore this film either! Also has an odd note of the "one hit wonder" label about it, which in my view only makes it more of a treat than it already is.Swayze's career was unfortunately cut short. Jennifer Grey, who practically made this role a part of her DNA, had a nose job and (the cynics say) lost a lot of later roles because the casting directors were afraid no one would recognize her. And the brilliant writer/Producer Elenor Bergstein for whom this was a labor of love (there was a documentary on this) also seemed to hang up her spurs when production wrapped.The IMDb rating is a joke. This is no less a classic in its genre than Maltese Falcon or the Matrix.See it, rent it, buy it. But don't forget it. I don't really know what it is about Dirty Dancing.. there is some sort of absolute magic in this movie.. I cannot possibly recount the hundreds (yes, hundreds)of times I've watched it, beginning to end... but every time I do come upon it on TV, I am entranced and mystified and sit myself down and there I am, for two hours, loving the movie as if I'm watching it for the first time. Although Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey absolutely hated each other throughout the making of this film, they possess a beautiful chemistry on the set.. it makes the viewer enjoy it that much more, to see this passion and commitment.. and I can't help tearing up a tiny bit at the end, when Patrick comes up to the Houseman family and tells her dad, "Nobody puts Baby in a corner". (classic moment) For all those people who believe this movie is corny and sappy, maybe in a way it is, but it was the penicle of the 80's films, and put Patrick Swayze right on the map; his performance was immaculate. Three Cheers for Dirty Dancing !!Ps- The soundtrack is fantastic, an absolute masterpiece This movie has stood the test of time. Jennifer Grey and Patrick Swayze make movie magic with the sultry dance moves. The choreography and the music make this a ride you will not want to get off of. Now considered a cult classic, it has spawned a television series, Broadway production and most recently a remake (that was horrific). Fantastic piece of celluloid history that ought to be revisited every now and again. I'm Male-and yes i am straight! but this doesn't stop making this film one of my all time favourite films!I'm also convinced i'm not alone! I know for a fact there are blokes out there that either admittedly or secretly enjoy watching and love this classic film! (Not just English/British men-but men world wide!) and rightly so...nearly 18 years on, and this film is STILL watched and enjoyed- world wide, and people are still able to relate to it.I know all the words i've seen it that many times!Most of my dance moves i use for work-are taken from this film!There's so much energy.In fact it is my firm belief, if people were brought up thinking watching these types of films are deemed as 'cool' and OK to watch the world would be a slightly better place to live.An enjoyable film that doesn't make you want to go out into the world and cause havoc and heartache-do drugs or get into gun crime (coz its classed as being 'cool')this films makes you want to find a girl-that you can love and feel that special feeling felt in this film.It also makes you want to go out and enjoy yourself by simply Dancing!It's free,Legal and makes you feel good-while keeping you fit and healthy-not forgetting FUN! In my opinion, the films main two themes are 'LOVE', the true love story between Baby and Johnny (Jennifer Gray and Mr Swayze) (compared to Baby's sister's relationship-where she was just used for sex) plus classic Music. Yes music! The type you can really dance to! Every song on the soundtrack is fantastic! In true cheesy Dj style, i still play all the old classics from the soundtrack (especially 'Time of my life')and is still goes down a treat every single time! You just can't stop yourself! Anyway-everyone has wrote hundreds of reviews, and has pretty much summed up this film and explained the story...all thats left to say is....If you haven't seen this film yet...go treat yourself, buy the DVD (you can get if for an average of £5 or less (British pounds) Roughly 9 American Dollars (i think!)It's well worth it, and highly recommended.If, you enjoy the film-please go out and buy one of the 'Dirty Dancing' soundtracks- especially the Ultimate Dirty Dancing (released in the UK 2004 in celebration of the films anniversary- as it contains all of the songs and is digitally remastered. (I got my second personal copy from the British supermarket 'Tescos' for an amazing £6! (For anyone 'Up North' try 'Music Zone' as its only £6 in there too!Anyway-cheers for taking the time to read this-i'm sorry i went on a bit! If your planning on seeing this film for the first time...enjoy! And as everyone else has said-very cheesily! Try and have THE TIME OF YOUR LIFE!I will go as far to say 10/10. Highly enjoyable-with lots of energy. Makes yo wanna move like Swayze and Gray! This timeless summer love story is a classic and will never be dated. I can't even count how many times I've seen Dirty Dancing. This is one movie that I could probably watch every few weeks and still love.There is something timeless about this movie. I have loved other "blockbuster love story movies" like Pretty Woman and when Harry met Sally. I think their up there but there is something about Dirty Dancing that just makes it absolutely perfect. The characters, the chemistry between Swaze and Grey, the movie's direction, the INCREDIBLE dancing, the warm summery atmosphere, everything about dirty dancing is absolutely perfect. It is an instant classic and I've never really seen a movie like it either before or since.I don't think there is one particular element that makes this movie so loved but many things, a lot of which are mentioned by numerous reviewers. Dirty Dancing has a nostalgic, languid, summery mood, realistic characters, a relateable honest message coupled with incredible music and dancing, and the one of the best dance sequences cinema has ever given us. This movie is always on TV and I will continue to watch it as long as they show it. But I WILL mention I have no interest in seeing "Havanna Nights", this one they should have left alone. I have been waiting to see this film for ages and I finally have! As soon as I heard the title I knew that this film would be my favourite film ever and when I saw it believe me I wasn't disappointed!This film had everything dance, love and Patrick Swayze! There was so much in it and it dealt with important issues, (that were at the time, 1960's) , such as abortion.The dancing in this film was fantastic, just like the acting was! Swayze was brilliant just like Grey was too!Although this film was absolutely fantastic you cannot say that you have seen it if you haven't seen the last scene. It really does take your breath away as the whole choreography of the last dance was done brilliantly, it had you dancing at the end of the film and it really wouldn't surprise me if it influenced people to take up dancing!Overall Dirty Dancing is a film NOT to be missed and even if half the actors are in the: "Where are they now?" period the actors will always have this superb film in their career! As a person in an intellectual field, stating that my favourite movie is Dirty Dancing does not come with kind looks.  I, however, have never been more mesmerized and taken by a movie before or after this one.  Everything is perfectly placed and the subtle details entwined in the major scenes are excellent: I will always consider the car scene after Baby and Johnny's dance at the Sheldrick to be one of the most masterful cinematic scenes in film history.But, alas, all Dirty Dancing fans know that the only reason they watch the movie is for the last scene. Everything building up to it is necessary and, consequently, moving . . . but that scene leaves me breathless and goosebumped to this day.Do not avoid this movie because it is seemingly a superficial teenage romance.  It is not; on the contrary, it is a beautiful picture about life, hardships and of course, love. I viewed this movie for the first time last night and I enjoyed every aspect of it the dancing, the acting, the dialogue, the plot, the script and the whole atmosphere that this movie created. I would highly recommend it.Jennifer Grey gives an absolutely wonderful and first class performance in her role as Frances (Baby) Houseman. She has a natural ability and flair for dancing and she is beautiful and enchanting on the dance floor. But what is wonderful about Baby is that she has such a wonderful depth and dimension to her character. This is not simply a movie about dancing but the scriptwriters have also given us a chance to see Baby deal with the various emotions and feelings that she is experiencing throughout the movie and to allow us an insight into how her interaction with others at the camp changes her life. Grey portrays her character with such realism and poignancy that you end up feeling deeply for Baby as she experiences all she does in this movie.Patrick Swayze is magnificent in his role as Johnny and truly succeeds in making his character come alive. He gives his character a comprehensive personality, strong appeal and great depth. The chemistry between Swayze and Grey is enchanting and powerful and contributes significantly to the great success of this movie Cynthia Rhodes is great in her role of Penny and her portrayal of the ordeal that she experiences is truly powerful and contributes a frightening dimension to the film. The other members of the supporting cast Jerry Orbach and the late Mark Cantor deserve a special mention here-also give wonderful and imaginative performances that gives this movie an additional dimension of high quality acting and believability that is wonderful to experience. The dancing is magnificent and first class on the part of all involved. The script and interaction between all the major characters is intriguing and engages the viewer in a powerful fashion. The plot, although exceedingly predictable, is given more than enough life and vitality to make this movie successful. Furthermore the wonderful selection of music contained in this movie creates a truly magical atmosphere and very nostalgic environment that enhances the quality and success of all the various scenes.`Dirty Dancing' is a truly powerful, magnificent and very appealing movie that leaves you deeply touched and with a wonderful feeling in your heart and soul and an inspiration to dance. I highly recommend it This is the best movie ever, but that is my opinion. Some say it's cheesy but I think it is truly a beautiful film. The chemistry between Jennifer Grey and Patrick Swayze it's like no other I have ever seen, and that is what makes the film so perfect. I always wonder what would have been of this film if these two actors never existed, because not just one them did it for me, they both did. If you have never seen this film, when you do you will understand what I mean. Dirty Dancing looks like it was done from the heart and it feels so real for some reason, like magic- and the soundtrack LOVE IT. Besides the 2 lead actors the soundtrack makes the film the beauty that it is. As you can tell I am in love with this film, and I know you will be too. My mom has told me to watch this movie for a long time. I've never watched it until a few days ago. Now, that i saw it, I understand why my mom was begging me to watch the movie. It's the best movie I've seen in years and I fell unconditionally in love with it. So if any of you are interested in watching it, you should see it immediately. I don't know what makes it amazing or what makes me want to STARE at it all day long, but I think that it, in some way, is the greatest movie of all times and, again, IT REALLY IS F-ING INCREDIBLE! NOW I'LL START SCREAMING BECAUSE I LOVE IT SOOOO MUCH AND I WANT TO SEE IT ALL DAY LONG AND I WANT THE MAIN SONG TO BE PLAYED AT MY WEDDING AND FUNERAL. AND AT MY MOM'S FUNERAL. AND AT EVERYONE'S WEDDING!! There isn't one movie, in this genre, that's better than this one! Don 't mind the 7, it is definitely a 10! I first saw this movie with my fiancée many years after it came out. I thought I would hate it, but to my surprise it is so cheesy that it's great. We've spent many hours reenacting parts of the movie ("Sylvia?!Yes Mickey?" or "I'm sorry you had to see that Baby. Sometimes in this world we see things that we don't want to."). My financee cracks up every time I imitate Neil. Also the music is classic and fun to sing along with, especially on road trips. Of course I don't admit any of this to my male friends. It's like a guilty pleasure. I seriously watch Dirty Dancing once a month or more and it is just as good every time. Jennifer Grey is also so cute in this movie. Its too bad her career never really took off. There was talk on the E! Hollywood Special about the Making of Dirty Dancing which still is considered by many women including a dear friend of mine in her fifties to be one of her favorite all time movies. Maybe the music, the dancing, or the melodrama around the plot of Baby Frances becoming a dancing sensation with Johnny Castle. Of course, this film established Jennifer Grey whose biggest role to date was the resentful sister in Ferris Beuller's Day Off. Patrick Swayze is perfectly cast as the heart throb leading man who sweeps baby away literally. Dirty Dancing has it all to become a Broadway or West End smash hit. It has the love story, the music, and most of all lots of dancing. Jennifer and Patrick could revive their roles easily. it is nice to see Jerry Orbach play a doctor instead of a police officer and Kelly Bishop as the mother. It all took place in the Catskills in the sixties where many Jewish families vacationed in the area during their summer vacations. At the end of the film, it is sad to see the hotel owner, Kellerman, be baffled by the next generation. It happened anyway! Most people prefer cruises and traveling through Europe than spending the summer in the Catskills. Those old grand hotels are becoming Indian gaming casinos. Let Broadway bring Dirty Dancing alive and well. After all, they could do it for Footloose and Saturday Night Fever, this should be a no brainer! I know that this film is one of the favorites that you don't get tired of after watching 800 times. There are people that have probably seen this film-a 1,000 times by now. Somehow watching the making and the story behind Dirty Dancing made me long for my childhood days as a thirteen year old. Dirty Dancing may not be the greatest film ever made in the history but its universal appeal still draws crowds and repeated watchers like the 800 club whose members have watched it so many times. I watch it fondly now with all the awkwardness of Baby's first days and her first true love with Patrick Swayze as heart throb, Johnny Castle. Nobody could have imagined this little film as a big hit then with the sixties music, two soundtracks, and even a tour in the late eighties. I hope they bring it to Broadway in a musical. It would work for the audience to be part of a film. No wonder it still attracts kids and even adults particularly women of all ages to watch it over and over again. Well, Australia and London both have had productions of Dirty Dancing. It looks like it will come to Broadway in 2007 just in time for it's 20th anniversary. When this film was released I dismissed as being lightweight pop nonsense. That was a mistake.  After repeated viewings and seeing a documentary of the making of DIRTY DANCING, discovering the depth of this film certainly increases its appeal.DIRTY DANCING is a film about change.  The evolving nature of relationships within the family, the changes in one's view of the world during their coming of age, etc.  The story takes place during August of 1963, the final weeks of the last summer of innocence for the American people.  The many personal changes experienced by the characters reflect the many changes in American society that would be marked by the Kennedy assassinations and Vietnam.Female movie go'ers adored this film and repeated trips to the movie houses made it the world's most successful dance movie.  As a male I find the romantic pairing of ultimate stud Patrick Swayze with very plain Jennifer Grey very hard to accept.  This would be fatal for most romantic dramas, and it also may have create the intense dislike expressed by most male reviewers.The film's soundtrack found #1 status before the release of the movie.  To this day it is nearly impossible to attend a wedding reception without hearing a DIRTY DANCING song.Near the midpoint of the film Baby's mother wakes up and asks Baby's father, "Is anything wrong?"Baby's father, the anti-change family member, attempts to keep all that is happening a secret.  He tells his wife to go back to sleep.  However, resist as one can, change is unstopable.  DIRTY DANCING is the story of one person waking up just at the final moments of our country's last sleep in innocence. Always great to watch. Great dancing, great acting. This is one of the most beautiful, sexy, exhilarating movies of all time. If you are one of the few people on this planet whose never seen this film.... Well my friend this one is "An Absolute Must See"!
It is pretty risqué, no complete nudity, it's just as it's title suggests.... "Dirty Dancing" there are a couple of bedroom scenes but they are covered. The story line isn't particularly good for anyone under the age of 16yrs old. This goes down as the greatest for me. I love this movie and itll always have a special place in my heart. I can literally watch this movie every single day. most times i really do. You can easily see why this movie became such a hit back in the day and still loved today by younger and older generations. This movie got a wonderful soundtrack, great actors, lots of dancing, drama and comedy. Even if the movie is set in the 60s it has that long gone feeling of the carefree, happy 80s. Grey and Swayze are captivating and they just has that untouchable charm that you only can find in these lovely movies from the 80s. I will also give cred for the wonderful cinematography which capture the colors of the nature scenes. This is a must see for everyone! It could be the summer atmosphere, or the time frame of simpler days, or maybe it's the forbidden love between the ultimate bad boy and daddy's little girl, and the music that perfectly sets the mood for each scene; but what I think what makes the movie, Dirty Dancing, so intriguing is simply the dancing itself. We've all seen those movies where we leave the theater thinking we can sing any song, or move to any beat that comes our way, and this is one of those movies. The dancing is different from any other movie, because although it takes place in the sixties, the dancing is so much more risqué than anything movie watchers were accustomed to seeing at that point in time. While using older songs combined with young, sensual dancing the movie is able to reach out to an audience with a variety of ages.The movie introduces its unique dancing early on, automatically intriguing the viewers to question things like "Did people really dance like that?" and "Could I learn how?" The movie is able to reach out to these common people by having the main character, Baby Houseman, witness the dancing for the very first time and shows her utter shock, but also her desire to know more. As the plot continues and the characters become more developed the dancing becomes not only a sight to see, but also it leaves a window for inferences to be made. As Baby is trained to dance by bad-boy Johnny the viewers begin to wonder if their sensual dancing will ever lead to something more? This movie is able to take the typical idea of "boy meets girl, boy and girl fall in love" and completely make it new, unique, and fascinating all through the use of dance.As Baby and Johnny get to know each other better throughout their training process, the movement of their dancing goes from simply following the motions, and transitions to actually feeling the music and even expressing their inner feelings for one another. As their love affair grows so does the viewers love and desire to see more and more dancing. The movie does a great job creating the idea that the characters are their truest selves in dancing scenes more than any other.I think so many people enjoy the movie because it doesn't just tell a love story, but shows one. It is able to show a love story not by the characters words but by their choreography. Before Baby or Johnny even declares their feelings for one another it is seen in the way their dancing morphs over time, from impersonal to all consuming. To the characters in the movie, their raunchy dancing is a way to rebel against the expectations of the generations above them, and through this the movie gives the audience a sense of defiance and the idea that they should be proud to do what they love, no matter what society may think.Over all it is so difficult to pin-point what makes Dirty Dancing the wonderful, cliché classic that it is, but the dancing aspect I feel is what ties the intriguing plot, the charismatic characters, the music, and the beautiful setting all together to create something more than a romantic drama. Dirty Dancing is one of those movies I could watch time after time and only grow more in love with it. It has the perfect amount of drama, romance, conflict, and cheesy monologues to satisfy all my desires when watching a movie. Because of this movie the song Time of My Life will always strike a chord in my heart and dancing will never be quite as great unless it's Dirty Dancing. this is an excellent movie i have been watching it since i was 6yrs old with my big sister. it is the type of movie that u can watch over and over again and still laugh, smile, and cry every time with out ever getting bored of it like other movie's. it is a movie that will live on forever through generations of family. i love it :) when ranking from 1-10 in my case i would rate it easily 9.9 every time. Itis a film about the change of a girl (baby) and her first boy-friend (Johnny)their relationships within the family, the changes in baby's and Johnny's view of the world during their relationship.DIRTY DANCING WILL FOREVER LIVE ON AS A TIMLESS CLASSIC. thank-you sorry though for only the short comment. One of the greatest movies to come out of the 80's, Dirty Dancing was a low-budget film with high-budget returns. With a soundtrack that makes you want to get up and dance, to a love story that all of us wish we could live (at least if you're female), this is a movie that you will want to watch over and over again.The music, which is what drives the movie, is upbeat and flows well with the emotions which are drawn from the viewer. From classic '60's hits like "Love Man" by Otis Redding and "Big Girls Don't Cry" by Frankie Valli to pure '80's hits like Eric Carmen's "Hungry Eyes" and Frank Zappacosta's "Overload", Dirty Dancing is a mix of fun and sensual, showing the transformation of a young girl from shy teenager into a blossoming womanhood, all against the beautiful backdrop of a summer romance that we all hope and wish turned into more.The dancing in "Dirty Dancing" is not to be forgotten. Cynthia Rhodes shines in her role as Penny, a dancer who could challenge even the most fluid and lithe gymnasts. Patrick Swayze does more than a fantastic job and shows off more and more of his skills, not just as an actor, but dancer and singer as well. And Jennifer Grey shines as Baby, while her transformation in dancing portrays her transformation in status as well.All in all, Dirty Dancing is one of the best movies of all time, and well worth watching at least once. It's doubtful that the first beats of the Ronette's "Be My Baby" in the opening title won't snare your attention and draw you in to a magical world of sensual dance and musical enchantment. If you have a soul you will love this movie. It is THE Movie for the last 30- 40 years. The definiton of Love,Movie and Dance eveything that is making this Life worth to live. It is the most wonderful Love Story ever have taken place. Thank you making this Legend. And for all the Young Bloods out there....enjoy the movie!!! I like the bit where she carries the watermelons and the dancing bits were good too. The movie is very fun, really enjoyable. Yes, it has lots of problem.. acting, story.. but just because of that ending it's a 10 for me. There are literally hundreds of comments about this movie on IMDB.  Many of them exhort its greatness.  I don't disagree with them.But I'd like to add a suggestion to those of you out there who haven't seen this film.  I'd like to tell you HOW to watch it.The people who made this movie didn't think they were producing a masterpiece. Bergman left the shoot disgusted.  The screenwriters were on salary for Warners, writing half a dozen movies a year, and this was just one more.  Bogie was punching the clock in the middle of a workhorse career.So as an audience member, you can't sit down expecting gilded greatness.Don't have a Casablaca party.  Don't watch it on your first date, hoping it will lend that "Romantic Touch."  Don't watch it as part of your "I need to watch the Best 10 movies of all time" Film School project.Buy this movie on DVD.  Have it at the ready.  And then, one Friday night, when your plans fall through and you find it's 10:30pm and there's nothing on TV that's any good, open a six pack of beer, or pour yourself some wine, and watch this movie in a darkened room.The characters in Casablanca are absolutely devoid of sentimentalism.  Every one of them sees the world without a hint of rose color in their lenses.  As Rick says, "Three little people don't amount to a hill of beans in this big old world."  If you're in a mood where you understand what he's saying, watch this movie and it will transport you.There is no single movie that deserves to be called the best movie of all time.  Because movies, when all is said and done, don't amount to a hill of beans.  They are meant to entertain us, not for us to worship THEM.But no movie has ever known this fact like Casablanca.
If you watch Casablance this way, with no expectations, with no "hype," you might catch 10 percent of its greatness on one viewing.  And that will be enough to start you on your way.Happy viewing, kid. There is a scene about halfway through the movie Casablanca that has become commonly known as 'The Battle of the Anthems' throughout the film's long history. A group of German soldiers has come into Rick's Café American and are drunkenly singing the German National Anthem at the top of their voice. Victor Lazlo, the leader of the French Resistance, cannot stand this act and while the rest of the club stares appalled at the Germans, Lazlo orders the band to play 'Le Marseilles (sic?)' the French National Anthem. With a nod from Rick, the band begins playing, with Victor singing at the top of HIS voice. This in turn, inspires the whole club to begin singing and the Germans are forced to surrender and sit down at their table, humbled by the crowd's dedication. This scene is a turning point in the movie, for reasons that I leave to you to discover. As I watched this movie again tonight for what must be the 100th time, I noticed there was a much smaller scene wrapped inside the bigger scene that, unless you look for it, you may never notice. Yvonne, a minor character who is hurt by Rick emotionally, falls into the company of a German soldier. In a land occupied by the Germans, but populated by the French, this is an unforgivable sin. She comes into the bar desperately seeking happiness in the club's wine, song, and gambling. Later, as the Germans begin singing we catch a glimpse of Yvonne sitting dejectedly at a table alone and in this brief glimpse, it is conveyed that she has discovered that this is not her path to fulfillment and she has no idea where to go from there. As the singing progresses, we see Yvonne slowly become inspired by Lazlo's act of defiance and by the end of the song, tears streaming down her face, she is singing at the top of her voice too. She has found her redemption. She has found something that will make her life never the same again from that point on. Basically, this is Casablanca in a nutshell. On the surface, you may see it as a romance, or as a story of intrigue, but that is only partially correct.The thing that makes Casablanca great is that it speaks to that place in each of us that seeks some kind of inspiration or redemption. On some level, every character in the story receives the same kind of catharsis and their lives are irrevocably changed. Rick's is the most obvious in that he learns to live again, instead of hiding from a lost love. He is reminded that there are things in the world more noble and important than he is and he wants to be a part of them. Louis, the scoundrel, gets his redemption by seeing the sacrifice Rick makes and is inspired to choose a side, where he had maintained careful neutrality. The stoic Lazlo gets his redemption by being shown that while thousands may need him to be a hero, there is someone he can rely upon when he needs inspiration in the form of his wife, who was ready to sacrifice her happiness for the chance that he would go on living. Even Ferrai, the local organized crime leader gets a measure of redemption by pointing Ilsa and Lazlo to Rick as a source of escape even though there is nothing in it for him. This is the beauty of this movie. Every time I see it (and I have seen it a lot) it never fails that I see some subtle nuance that I have never seen before. Considering that the director would put that much meaning into what is basically a throw away moment (not the entire scene, but Yvonne's portion) speaks bundles about the quality of the film. My wife and I watched this movie on our first date, and since that first time over 12 years ago, it has grown to be, in my mind, the greatest movie ever made. Spoilers ahead, but then again, who isn't familiar with Casablanca, even if one hasn't seen it?I've been watching 'Casablanca' over and over again since I bought the Special Edition DVD, and is there any film out there one can watch again and again without ever being tired of it? And does any film appeal to a broader audience? Just everything about it seems to be as close to perfection as it only can be.But what exactly is so special about it? Is it its great genre mix, never equaled by another film? When we think of 'Casablanca' first, we remember it as a romantic film (well, most of us do). But then again, its also a drama involving terror, murder and flight. One can call it a character study, centering on Rick. And there are quite a few moments of comedic delight, just think of the pickpocket ("This place is full of vultures, vultures everywhere!") or the elderly couple on the last evening before their emigration to the US ("What watch?").But 'Casablanca' is not only great as a whole, it still stands on top if we break it apart and look at single lines of dialog, scenes or performances alone. Is there any other film which has more quotable dialog than 'Casablanca'? 'Pulp Fiction' is on my mind here, and 'All About Eve' and 'Sunset Blvd.' come close, too, but still I think 'Casablanca' tops everything else. And not only is the dialog great, it's unforgettably delivered, especially by Humphrey Bogart ("I was misinformed.") and Claude Rains ("I am shocked, shocked to find that gambling is going on here"). Many of scenes have become a part of film history; the duel of 'Die Wacht am Rhein' and 'La Marseillaise' is probably one of the greatest scenes ever shot (the only I can think of that would rival it for the #1 spot is Hynkel and the globe from Chaplin's 'The Great Dictator'), and the last scene is probably even familiar to the few people who've never seen 'Casablanca'. Am I the only one who is absolutely convinced that the film wouldn't have become what it is today if Rick and Ilsa would have ended up as the lucky couple?About the performances: So much has been said about the uniqueness of Humphrey Bogart's and Ingrid Bergman's chemistry as Rick and Ilsa, about Claude Rains' terrific turn as Renault, about the scene-stealing performances by Peter Lorre (one of the 10 all-time greatest actors) as Ugarte and Sydney Greenstreet as Ferrari and about Dooley Wilson stopping the show as Sam. I'd love to emphasize here two other performances, one that is not mentioned quite as often and one which is blatantly overlooked: Conrad Veidt as Major Strasser had a really difficult task here, as his character is the only evil one, but still Strasser is not a one-dimensional character, and it took more than 50 years until another actor gave an equally (maybe even more) impressive performance as a Nazi, Ralph Fiennes in 'Schindler's List'. But why no one ever mentions S. K. Sakall, who plays Carl, the jolly waiter at Rick's Café Américain, is beyond me. He has definitely more screen time than Lorre, Greenstreet and Wilson, and probably about as much as Veidt, and he's a joy whenever he's on the screen. I simply love his reaction when the pickpocket ("Vultures everywhere!") accidentally bumps into him, or the reaction to the "What watch"-dialog. Or how he says he gave Strasser the best table, "being a German, he would have taken it anyway". His performance is simply criminally overlooked.So is there a weakest link in 'Casablanca'? Every film, no matter how close to perfection, has a minor flaw or two, so one can find them in 'Casablanca', too, if one really tries hard. So yes, one might ask how much sense the entire mumbo jumbo about the letters of transit makes. One might point out that Paul Henreid, although his performance is certainly good, doesn't come close to the greatness of any of his co-stars. However, the film is so close to perfection that I'm almost ashamed that I'm so desperately trying to find less-than-perfect elements.So whatever films will come, how many sequels will overflow the screen, and how much junk we will have to sit through, one thing is certain if we're desperate to see a great film: We'll always have Casablanca! "Casablanca" remains Hollywood's finest moment, a film that succeeds on such a vast scale not because of anything experimental or deliberately earthshaking in its design, but for the way it cohered to and reaffirmed the movie-making conventions of its day. This is the film that played by the rules while elevating the form, and remains the touchstone for those who talk about Hollywood's greatness.It's the first week in December, 1941, and in the Vichy-controlled African port city of Casablanca, American ex-pat Rick Blaine runs a gin joint he calls "Rick's Cafe Americaine." Everybody comes to Rick's, including thieves, spies, Nazis, partisans, and refugees trying to make their way to Lisbon and, eventually, America. Rick is a tough, sour kind of guy, but he's still taken for a loop when fate hands him two sudden twists: A pair of unchallengeable exit visas, and a woman named Ilsa who left him broken-hearted in Paris and now needs him to help her and her resistance-leader husband escape.Humphrey Bogart is Rick and Ingrid Bergman is Ilsa, in roles that are archetypes in film lore. They are great parts besides, very multilayered and resistant to stereotype, and both actors give career performances in what were great careers. He's mad at her for walking out on him, while she wants him to understand her cause, but there's a lot going on underneath with both, and it all spills out in a scene in Rick's apartment that is one of many legendary moments."Casablanca" is a great romance, not only for being so supremely entertaining with its humor and realistic-though-exotic wartime excitement, but because it's not the least bit mushy. Take the way Rick's face literally breaks when he first sees Ilsa in his bar, or how he recalls the last time he saw her in Paris: "The Germans wore gray, you wore blue." There's a real human dimension to these people that makes us care for them and relate to them in a way that belies the passage of years.For me, and many, the most interesting relationship in the movie is Rick and Capt. Renault, the police prefect in Casablanca who is played by Claude Rains with a wonderful subtlety that builds as the film progresses. Theirs is a relationship of almost perfect cynicism, one-liners and professions of neutrality that provide much humor, as well as give a necessary display of Rick's darker side before and after Ilsa's arrival.But there's so much to grab onto with a film like this. You can talk about the music, or the way the setting becomes a living character with its floodlights and Moorish traceries. Paul Henreid is often looked at as a bit of a third wheel playing the role of Ilsa's husband, but he manages to create a moral center around which the rest of the film operates, and his enigmatic relationship with Rick and especially Ilsa, a woman who obviously admires her husband but can't somehow ever bring herself to say she loves him, is something to wonder at.My favorite bit is when Rick finds himself the target of an entreaty by a Bulgarian refugee who just wants Rick's assurance that Capt. Renault is "trustworthy," and that, if she does "a bad thing" to secure her husband's happiness, it would be forgivable. Rick flashes on Ilsa, suppresses a grimace, tries to buy the woman off with a one-liner ("Go back to Bulgaria"), then finally does a marvelous thing that sets the whole second half of the film in motion without much calling attention to itself.It's not fashionable to discuss movie directors after Chaplin and before Welles, but surely something should be said about Michael Curtiz, who not only directed this film but other great features like "Captain Blood" and "Angels With Dirty Faces." For my money, his "Adventures Of Robin Hood" was every bit "Casablanca's" equal, and he even found time the same year he made "Casablanca" to make "Yankee Doodle Dandy." When you watch a film like this, you aren't so much aware of the director, but that's really a testament to Curtiz's artistry. "Casablanca" is not only exceptionally well-paced but incredibly well-shot, every frame feeling well-thought-out and legendary without distracting from the overall story.Curtiz was a product of the studio system, not a maverick like Welles or Chaplin, but he found greatness just as often, and "Casablanca," also a product of the studio system, is the best example. It's a film that reminds us why we go back to Hollywood again and again when we want to refresh our imaginations, and why we call it "the dream factory." As the hawker of linens tells Ilsa at the bazaar, "You won't find a treasure like this in all Morocco." Nor, for that matter, in all the world. My favorite film of all time. Beautiful plot that naturally weaves together and builds to a truly emotional climax. Could affect even the most nihilistic of people. A masterpiece that is truly one of the greatest films ever made. 10/10 Casablanca is a film about the personal tragedy of occupation and war.  It speaks to the oppression of the one side - and the heroism and self-deprecation of the other.  From opportunists, to isolationists - from patriots to disenchanted lovers - the film has everything a man or woman would enjoy.  Bravery, courage, intrigue, romance, beauty and love. Leading actors to please any appetite.  Watching this film is to step back to a world that doesn't exist - yet to know it.  It is to experience lives that have never been lived - but are "real to you."  It is to know pain and joy, pride and pity for characters that are a fiction - yet are so real that you can't help but get lost in their story.Amazing cast, memorable dialogue, unforgettable story.  Through this film, Casablanca will always live in my heart and I will think of its characters as family.Seeing it for the first time is truly the start of a romance with ideals that will live in you long after credits end. Michael Curtiz's "Casablanca" opens on maps while a narrator gives a detailed exposition of the many twists and turns of Casablanca in the French Morocco, as a refugee route from wartime Europe...The Nazi envoy, Major Heinrich Strasser puts it: 'Human life is cheap in Casablanca." Of course because a man may be executed in its crowded market before Marshal Pétain's portrait or where a charming girl may guarantee an exit visa by spending her night with the Prefect of Police...Rick's Café is the point of intersection, the espionage center, the background for Allied offensive, the focal point as refugees from Nazi-occupied Europe seek to gain exit visas to Lisboa... The interesting club so well organized, leads to an open arena of conspiracy, counterspies, secret plans, black market transactions, in which the games and fights are between arrogant Nazis, patriotic French, idealists, murderers, pickpockets and gamblers around a roulette wheel, where a ball could rest on Rick's command against the settled number 22..."Casablanca" is an adventure film which victory is not won with cannons and guns... The action, the fight, the war takes place inside Rick's walls rather than outside...But who is this Rick? What is his magical power? His secret weapon? Rick is the anti-fascist with hard feelings, the former soldier of fortune who has grown tired of smuggling and fighting, and is now content to sit out the war in his own neutral territory... Even loyalty to a friend doesn't move him as he refuses to help Ugarte, a desperately frightened little courier who is fleeing from the police...Emphatically, Rick says, "I stick my neck out for nobody." But we know he will do just that in a very short time, for into his quiet life comes a haunting vision from his past, the beautiful woman he still loves and bitterly remembers... She is married to an underground leader and she desperately needs those papers Rick conveniently now has in his possession... The cynical Rick's facade of neutrality begins to weaken as he recalls the bittersweet memories of his past love affair, memories triggered repeatedly when the strains of "As Time Goes By" come from Sam, his piano-playing confidante...But "Casablanca" basic message is a declaration of self-sacrifice... War World II demanded all! The words stated by Rick at the airport had their impact: 'The problems of three people don't amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world.' It goes without saying that Bogart is incomparable when he seems most like himself... His way with a line makes "Casablanca" dialog part of the collective memory: 'I remember every detail. The Germans wore gray. You were blue.' Intermixed in this intrigue are all the fascinating and beautifully acted supporting roles With his customary skill, Claude Rains plays Major Renault, a prefect of police who is like Bogart in many ways... He, too, claims neutrality, but is definitely against the Nazis... He is Rick's most devoted adversary, tauntingly calling the man a "sentimentalist" and delivering his share of cynically amusing lines... When he makes a small bet and is encouraged to make a bigger one, he remarks that he is only a "poor corrupt official." Ingrid Bergman is fascinating as the lovely heroine, the mysterious impossible woman of an impossible love, the tender mood of every man, the love-affair, the quality of being romantic, the traditional woman enclosed by two rivals, symbol of a besieged Europe...Paul Henreid is Victor Laszlo, the anti-Nazi resistance leader, seeking in Morocco the two letters of transit signed by General De Gaulle...Sidney Greenstreet is the black marketeer on good terms with Rick, the rival owner of the 'Blue Parrot,' the acceptable face of corruption...Peter Lorre is Ugarte, the racketeer, the dealer of anything illegal, the killer, driven into a corner by the Vichy police, who has given Rick two letter of transit...Conrad Veidt is the very essence of German rigidity, unfeeling, unconcerned about life, but firmly believing in the foolish ideology of his Nazi compatriots..."Casablanca" covers many highlights: The Marseillaise against the Horst Wessel song inspiring sequence; the blissful days in Paris; Ilsa's emotional words to Rick in occupied Paris; the champagne toast; Ilsa's request to Sam; the poetry of the magic words and the beautiful voice of Dooley Wilson; Captain Renault's words in the airport; and the farewell...The magic that developed from the teaming of Bogart and Bergman is enough to make a new romantic figure out of the former tough guy... To his cynicism, his own code of ethics, his hatred of the phoniness in all human behavior, he now added the softening traits of tenderness and compassion and a feeling of heroic commitment to a cause... They helped him complete the portrayal of the ideal man who all men wished to rival...One can look at hundreds of films produced during this period without finding any whose composite pieces fall so perfectly into place... Its photography is outstanding, the music score is inventive, the editing is concise and timed perfectly... Bogart's and Bergman's love scenes create a genuinely romantic aura, capturing a sensitivity between the two stars one would not have believed possible..."Casablanca" is a masterpiece of entertainment, an outstanding motion picture which brought Bogart his first Academy Award nomination (he lost to Paul Lukas for "Watch On the Rhine") and won Awards for Best Picture of the Year, Best Director and Best Screenplay... The Petrified Forest convinced the world Bogart was a bad guy. And for years he shocked and awed the audience with roles fitting that image. The Maltese Falcon showed a new kind hero, one with an edge. Bogart, with all the right things to say and seemingly never losing his cool. Then came Casablanca and the ages. The man's  man comes with a heart. Arguably, three of his best pictures. All showing a change in a man's character and the depths of what acting is supposed to be. Maybe it was Warner Bros all along. Maybe Bogart was simply Bogart.What can I say about this film that hasn't been said in over 60 years since its release. Is it a great film? Yes. Is it a showcase for Bogart? If not, than what else. Was Bogart the coolest guy to ever live? Absolutely. Casablanca is a different kind of love story, more likely to infect rather than effect.She almost makes me believe it every time. When she says, "You're very kind." Bergman was more than just beautiful. And with Paul Henreid, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt and Peter Lorre, cinema magic was created. But to me, Bogart was the greatest actor of all time. It's hard for me to believe he died almost 50 years ago. Every time I watch his films, it's like they were made yesterday. And that's why he is timeless. I'm still trying to figure him out."I should never have switched from scotch to martinis." Is said to be Bogart's last words. A legend, indeed. It's one of the great Hollywood legends how George Raft helped make Humphrey Bogart a leading man by turning down in succession, High Sierra, The Maltese Falcon, and Casablanca. Maybe Raft showed some good sense in letting a better actor handle those roles. In any event we've got some proof in the case of Casablanca.Check out some time a film called Background to Danger that Warner Brothers did with George Raft that also featured Peter Lorre and Sydney Greenstreet. Had Raft ever done Casablanca the film would have been a routine action/adventure story just like Background to Danger. Instead with Bogey we get that, but also one of the great love stories of the century. Humphrey Bogart set the standard for playing expatriate American soldiers of fortune in Casablanca. Right now he's between wars running Rick's Cafe Americain in Casablanca in Morocco, an area controlled for the moment by the Vicky French government. He's got his fingers in a whole lot of pies, but Bogey operates with his own code of ethics. He sticks his neck out for nobody.Nobody except the great love of his life Ingrid Bergman who left him mysteriously in Paris as he was fleeing the oncoming German occupation. She walks back into his life with a husband, Paul Henreid who is a well known anti-fascist leader.The rest of the film is a contest for Bogey's soul. Torn between his great love, his own anti-fascist beliefs, and certain practical necessities of operating a liquor and gaming establishment in a hostile environment. So many things combine to make Casablanca the great film it is. Ingrid Bergman's lovely incandescence melding and melting Bogey's cynical screen persona. The indelible characterizations of Peter Lorre, Sydney Greenstreet, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt and the whole rest of a 100% perfectly cast film. And the revival of a great ballad which serves as Casablanca's theme song.I say revival because As Time Goes By was introduced in 1931 in the George White Scandals on Broadway by Rudy Vallee. He made a record of it which sold quite a few disks back then. But by the merest of coincidences there was a strike that lasted two years that just began around the time Casablanca came out. The Musicians Union struck against the record companies. With no new records being made RCA Victor re-released Vallee's record and it became a monster hit on revival.Also when Casablanca came out as if the White House had a personal interest in the film FDR and Churchill had the first of their wartime conferences in----Casablanca of all places. Jack Warner must have said a prayer for that to happen.There are so many classic scenes and lines from Casablanca you can write a comment just by listing them. But my favorite has always been when the Germans have taken over Rick's place and are singing some of their songs, Paul Henreid goes to orchestra leader and asks him to lead La Marsellaise. With a nod from Bogey, the orchestra plays, Henreid leads them and the rest of the non-Germans in the cafe join in. Over 60 years later, one still gets a thrill from that act of defiance.Bogart and Rains were nominated for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor. Any of the others could have been as well. As I said before Casablanca is perfectly cast right down to minor roles like Curt Bois as a pickpocket, John Qualen as a fellow resistance leader, and S.Z. Sakall as a waiter at Rick's. If there was an award for ensemble cast, Casablanca would have won it. As it was it did win for Best Picture of 1943 and best director for Michael Curtiz.Casablanca will be seen and loved by filmgoers for generations unto infinity, as time goes by. In December 1941, American expatriate Rick Blaine owns an upscale nightclub and gambling den in Casablanca. "Rick's Café Américain" attracts a varied clientele, including Vichy French and German officials, refugees desperate to reach the still-neutral United States, and those who prey on them. Although Rick professes to be neutral in all matters, he ran guns to Ethiopia during its war with Italy and fought on the Loyalist side in the Spanish Civil War.Petty crook Ugarte boasts to Rick of "letters of transit" obtained by murdering two German couriers. The papers allow the bearers to travel freely around German-controlled Europe and to neutral Portugal, and are priceless to the refugees stranded in Casablanca. Ugarte plans to sell them at the club, and asks Rick to hold them. Before he can meet his contact, Ugarte is arrested by the local police under the command of Captain Louis Renault, the unabashedly corrupt Vichy prefect of police. Ugarte dies in custody without revealing that he entrusted the letters to Rick.Now let's clear up some rumors. Muh has been written about "Casablanca" but a few rumors often get repeated. One of them is Ingrid Bergman saying "The screenplay was not completed when they started shooting". That is not true. Warner Brothers never put a film into production unless they had a complete screenplay. Now they kept a few things secret from Ingrid Bergman. She did not have a complete screenplay. The director and Warners thought they would get a better performance out of her if she did not know a few things. However it was not uncommon for "things to change" while a film was in production. "Casablanca was no exception! Another rumor was that Ronald Reagan was cast to play Ric! He was only "thought of" but for only a few seconds. Almost everyone in Hollywood was until Bogart was cast! Rumor #3 The film was an out of control production! This is not true! This was shot in 18 days. Another things people don't quit notice is how fast people talk in this film! The film runs 102 minutes. The screenplay is 125+ minutes. The average screenplay is one minute of screen time per written page! If this film was made by today's standards it would run almost 45 minutes longer.Now if you never seen the film you are lucky. The film is exciting as it is romantic. Not one minute of screen time is squandered. Today's filmmakers would not know how to make a film like this unless "Batman" plays Ric! CASABLANCA is the best treatment ever of the ancient theme of the love triangle.  Set in World War II Casablanca, a Moroccan city under the control of the collaborationist Vichy French government, the movie starts with a news wire that two German couriers have been murdered and their letters of transit stolen.  Each letter will permit one person to leave Casablanca to a neutral country.Enter Humphrey Bogart as Rick Blaine, owner of the shady but cheerful Cafe Americaine.  Rick is a cynical and hard-nosed man whose motto is, "I stick my neck out for nobody."  Like many a cynic, Rick is an embittered ex-idealist, still nursing his wounds from being abandoned by his lover Ilsa (Ingrid Bergman).  By chance he falls into possession of the missing letters of transit.Enter Ilsa, who comes to Casablanca on the arm of Czech Resistance leader Victor Laszlo (Paul Henreid), a few steps ahead of the Nazi police.  We now have three people and two letters of transit.  Who will reach America, and who will stay in Casablanca?I know no other movie that so perfectly balances humor, romance, and drama. The soul of good drama lies in presenting characters with hard choices, and few choices are as hard, or as illuminating of the protagonists' makeup, as the choices in CASABLANCA.  All of the characters must decide what they will give up for love, for honor, and for themselves.  The scenes of Rick and Ilsa's love, years ago in Paris, are some of the finest romantic scenes in cinema.  And the humor, particularly in the person of Casablanca's Prefect of Police, Louis Renault, has contributed dozens of dry witticisms to our everyday language - "I am shocked! Shocked! - "The Germans wore gray, you wore blue." - "I was misinformed." - "It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca, and the Germans have outlawed miracles."  So perfectly blended are these three major elements that you cannot point to a single shot or scene that should have been eliminated from the movie.  Never try to watch only one scene from CASABLANCA; you will inevitably be absorbed until the very end of the film.  It is little short of miraculous that the chaotically mismanaged shooting of this movie resulted in such a magnificent final product; it speaks volumes for luck and for Owen Marks' and Michael Curtiz' post-production editing.I have never encountered a movie whose supporting cast was so perfectly realized.  Every minor character is a fleshed-out, realistic individual, from Sasha to Carl the headwaiter to Rick's competitor Ferrari to the self-effacing criminal Ugarte.  Claude Rains' Captain Renault ("I'm only a poor corrupt official") steals scene after scene, and Dooley Wilson's Sam is a refreshingly loyal, charismatic and sympathetic conception from an era when almost all black characters were rendered as demeaning stereotypes. The only character who tastes of the cliche is the villainous Major Strasser, which can be forgiven in a wartime production.The only film I have ever seen as tautly effective as CASABLANCA is GLORY. Although the 54th Mass.'s story is arguably superior even to CASABLANCA for sheer dramatic power and acting talent, GLORY lacks CASABLANCA's wonderful humor and romance, which causes me to give the edge to Curtiz' classic as the better-rounded movie.  I have yet to see CASABLANCA surpassed.Rating: **** out of ****. "Casablanca" is a timely and timeless classic about a politically neutral saloon owner Rick in unoccupied France at a crossroads of destiny, conviction, and courage in his life. "Casablanca" is on the top of every film class's watchlist to study for just about every aspect of filmmaking imaginable. While the film's plot is air-shut tight and the characterization feels authentic over 70 years later, the main focus of "Casablanca" is idea focused. During a time of political neutrality, America was entering the war as was Rick, our hard-on-the-edges protagonist. This can be considered an "enlist" film to anyone on the fence. Because of it's conviction-driven focus on ideas and philosophy, and how grounded those struggles feel, "Casablanca" remains one of the most well regarded classics of all time. The struggles of Rick are applicable to anyone who watches the film, drawing on universal themes like conviction, courage, compassion, and love. The character of Rick is a fascinating one on an individual basis. We're set up to a character who's meticulous and thoughtful in the way he does things, paralleled by the chess game he has with no one. At the same time, we know of his loneliness without a partner to play with. We understand the respect he commands with patrons of the saloon yet the deep friendship he experiences with Sam. And while his corrupt inner shell shared with the chief is off-putting like a villain, we know he's "...at heart, a sentimentalist" when we learn of his passionate love for Ingrid Bergman's Ilsa. "Casablanca" also features some of cinema's most iconic and beautifully crafted cinematography by the great Arthur Edeson and of course the director, Michael Curtiz's masterful control of capturing the romantic moment. Not only on a story-telling, narrative perspective, "Casablanca" is worth studying for it's remarkable technical quality. While the film may be as close to perfect as one can get, some of the third act moments can feel unnatural and forced which could disorient some modern viewers. Nitpicking aside, "Casablanca" remains one of cinema's finest pieces of celluloid to date. Anyone looking for another round of film study or a clean dive into old classic films, this would be perfect to start with. It's rich in themes, characters, and intelligence. The plot is excellent, the chemistry is palpable, the acting superb, and the dialogue is amazing. I'm so glad I finally watched this classic. It didn't disappoint, and even had some surprising plot twists. One of the greatest movies ever made flawless in all aspects and a film that will never be forgotten by the fans and the people in general recommend watching it perfect movie for all family and all ages.
With one of the greatest endings in the history of cinema! Probably the most legendary movie of all time, I finally got to see it, it was a great hole in my movie-viewing history. And finally I got to understand why a classic movie like this has made its mark in history. The intricate political plot comes first, and sets the movie on a melting pot of the second world war, where everyone hopes and dies for an opportunity to reach the USA via Lisbon. This would provide sufficient material for hundreds of movies, but enter Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, magnificent cinematography, role model storytelling, a perfect supporting cast, some of the best dialogue ever commited to celluloid and Dooley Wilson singing THAT song, and history was made. More than 60 years of jaw-drops are sufficient to give the sceptics a good reason to make them understand that this is probably the greatest classic movie of all times, and one of the best ever made in the past, present and future. Any film with Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman would be worthwhile watching.  However this film keeps one's attention from the beginning and doesn't let go until the end.  The writing was excellent.  The acting also the same.  The story line is a classic.  This is the nearest to perfect a film has ever become.  Godfather is close also, but Casablanca is the best!!! Casablanca is the consummate Hollywood film.  It is superbly directed, acted, and filmed.  Bogart is amazing, the characters are deep and engaging.This is easily one of the greatest films of all time.  The story is timeless and meaningful, full of heart and should endure for another fifty years with no problems.  A true masterpiece and the benchmark by which all other films should be measured.  If you haven't seen it, you are at a profound loss.  If you have then you know the greatness of this film. An absolute classic. I watched this for a film project in school a few years back and I was surprised at how much detail was in this film knowing its history. Highly recommend everyone watch this film, its a classic. Why do I consider this to be the greatest film ever, to begin with I consider it to be the most enjoyable film I have ever watched and the most re-watchable. The key ingredients in my mind include; wonderful dialogue (so many quotable oft repeated lines), amazing performances, a superb story that while relatively straightforward is also highly enjoyable and finally the great black and white cinematography. Beyond these ingredients its also a film moves quickly and I can't think of a single scene I found either uninteresting or unnecessary.For those that desire a synopsis, Rick (Humphrey Bogart) is an American expatriate running a popular nightclub in Casablanca a city under Vichy control. The cool disinterested facade Rick maintains is shaken when Ilsa (Ingrid Bergman) his former lover whom he thought dead appears suddenly in his club with her husband a resistance leader who requires safe passage out of German controlled territory. In order for the escape to succeed Rick must not only hide them from the Germans but also the local French police commander (Claude Raines) who is a friend but also a collaborator.My favorite performance here will always be that of Humphrey Bogart as Rick a man of nobility while evidencing ambivalence, but his performance is closely followed by the wonderful Claude Raines and the limited but iconic performances of Sydney Greenstreet and Peter Lorre. While Ingrid Bergman apparently did not enjoy her experience and it may not be among her greatest roles I thought it was still a great performance, and also that the chemistry between Bogart and herself was utterly convincing. Further I found both Paul Henreid in the thankless role of the other man in the love triangle and Conrad Veidt as the local German commander to be quite effective along with a good supporting cast.As I have seen more and more of Michael Curtiz films I have come to believe he is an underrated director, its true he was not an auteur but a studio director who made the films he was assigned and he was not apparently a pleasant person to work with he has did leave behind an incredible legacy of films. I don't know about you, but this is my favorite movie of all time! Wow! Ingrid Bergman was at her best in this one, as well as her most sad, doe-eyed, beautiful. The part of Rick seemed made for Bogey, with the snappy repartee, and the cynical shell around what Renault refers to as "a rank sentimentalist". It seems like every time I see this film I notice something new. This time it had to do with the Bulgarian woman, Annina Brandel, who Rick rescues from the carnal plotting of Captain Renault. I never gave this scene much thought, just assuming that it was a way to plumb the limits of Rick's cynicism, as noted above. But later, during the scene where Ilsa tells Rick that she'll stay with him if he will use the letters of transit for Laszlo, I realized that the two scenes were a common theme, that Rick realizes he'd be no different from Renault if he followed through with that. I guess one gets lazy seeing modern Hollywood fare. Nowadays, the director would have used a flashback image or something, in order to bludgeon the viewer with the correlation. But back then, with a better-educated public, one could allow audiences to discover things for themselves. It was also skillful how these films could be more or less suitable for children, as well as adults. When I saw this film as a child, it never occurred to me that Rick and Ilsa had had sex. But the clues, while too subtle for a child, were pretty obvious to me as a man. Like many people this film is my all-time favorite. Grade: A+++++ They're all gone now, but you have to tip your hat to the remarkable talent behind this production, the dedication and the love of doing it all. A real tribute to the best in the biz. Amen. Generation after generation will continue to love this splendid film, just as many previous generations have enjoyed this movie in the past!! (The principle reason for me bastardizing one of this movie's famous quotes) "Casablanca" has, undeniably, withstood the test of time!! This film evokes a romantic humanism into the thick of World War II!!! Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman are magnificent as the tormented love interest duo who do not seem to be able to piece everything together, they just know they love each other, and more importantly, something clicks!!! Originally, Ronald Reagan and Ann Sheriden were cast for the roles of Rick and Ilsa, as it turns out, you cannot imagine any two other people besides Humphry Bogart and Ingrid Bergman for the roles!! These two performers exude more of a continental flair!! The American fascination for this flick is thoroughly justified!! Winning the academy award for best picture in 1943, "Casablanca" was just one of the many movies in the late 1930's and early 1940's which epitomized an era for excellent movies!! Based on the book "Everybody Comes To Ricks", Hal B. Wallis produces this film with a flawless orchestration!! The place, Casablanca, becomes a citadel of despondence and despair for so many people, yet for Rick and Ilsa, (Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman) the situation is tailor made for a passionate redemption!! Max Steiner encompasses a necessary nostalgia with the music in this film. "As Time Goes By" (made in 1931) became enormously popular with this movie!! The whole scene is set up whereby Paris becomes a venue for unprecedented and wondrous romanticism!! "Casablanca" is, without question, one of the greatest movies ever made!! You must remember this, a movie is just a movie!! Unless!! It is the movie of all time; "Casablanca"!! I will see "Casablanca" over and over and over again and never be tired of it!! EVERYBODY SHOULD SEE THIS MOVIE!! I guarantee you, you will not be disappointed!!! This film has 6 of the top 100 famous quotes in the history of all American film making!! Humphrey Bogart and Marlon Brando may lay claim to the most quotes from this list. Many colloquialisms from "Casablanca" have fallen within the realm of popular modern day jargon!! This website ranks "Casablanca" 11th best picture out of the top 250. AFI (American Film Institue) ranks "Casablanca" the second best American film ever made. I feel this is very impressive!! You will truly marvel at this film, in fact, if you do not think "Casablanca" is not one of the greatest films you have ever seen, I will be utterly amazed!!! AN ALL TIME MOVIE CLASSIC!!!!!! Casablanca is just an extraordinary film, if I had to describe it in one word, it would have to be perfection! I honestly don't care that it's an old film, I personally think that's not a convincing enough excuse for hating a film as wonderful as this , because you are seriously missing out, if you haven't seen it. The cinematography is just fantastic, with clever brooding camera-work. The music by Max Steiner is outstanding, from the sweeping haunting love theme As Time Goes By, to the excerpts of the french national anthem. The scene where everyone starts singing in the café was extraordinary and one of the many highlights of the film. The screenplay is unquestionably one of the finest in the history of cinema, right up there with Shawshank Redemption and All About Eve, containing great memorable lines such as "seems as though Destiny is at hand". The performances were superlative, Humphrey Bogart giving one of cinema's greatest lead performances as the "cynical sentimentalist" Rick Blain. Also superb are Ingrid Bergman who positively lights up the screen as Ilsa, the young woman who breaks his heart, Paul Henreid as the fugitive husband, and Claude Rains as Captain Renault. The plot is a little complicated, but I couldn't help being impressed with the performances and the screenplay. Not to mention a timeless love story that I don't think has ever been topped. Overall, a masterpiece, that quite rightly received an academy award for best picture. 10/10 Bethany Cox Casablanca... the movie by which all others are judged. A classic for the ages. Not before nor after will such a brilliant piece of cinematic brilliance exist. Yet... I see scattered low reviews, even 1's that are absolutely appalling. Which brings me to my point.. people can have their opinions, but when they go against everything that makes good common sense I have to conclude they must live a very miserable life. There is simply no justification to give Casablanca a poor rating.. none. It will continue to endure those few callous smears throughout history as it is as timeless as infinity. To quote Rick.. "We'll always have Casablanca". Another movie that i say "i should've watched before". Intense romantic drama. Fascinating portrait of loneliness in a post-digital world. Amazingly original screenplay, concept, musics, especially colors and performance from Joaquin Phoenix. This made me stay with myself after the credits have finished, i found myself reflecting on my own life and relationships. This is the best film I have seen all year, and I saw just about every good film to hit theaters in 2013. I think it's because it is so representational of what it's like to be human.There are so many things that make this movie special, but I'll just mention a few. 1. The score is INCREDIBLE. The music paired with the beautiful sound design make you FEEL the movie. Sure, you see everything on the screen, which is already beautiful, but then that music hits you and the emotions just start to run. I laughed, I cried, my brain got all tingly. It was an emotional roller coaster, and the score assisted in that so well. 2. The script. I knew how this movie was going to end 30 minutes in. And unlike most who would then say that it's predictable and not worth watching, I consider that awesome, because it means that the script is tight enough to tell a good story with a believable arc. Every scene in this movie is straight up powerful! Like it will fill your heart with sadness and happiness and pain and guilt and confusion. And then rinse and repeat. For 2 hours. It moves through all of the most complex and interesting questions that we should be asking ourselves about what it means to be a human being. About what it means to be alive. This film is about all that life is. And after the screening, as well as during, I found myself questioning things in my own life that either don't make sense or don't have to make sense. Like love and thoughts and emotions. They're all so natural and yet none of us truly understand how they work. In my opinion, moreso than any other film this year, Her has the perfect mix of complex ideas, story, and character development. One of the best scripts ever written. 3. Cinematography. My personal favorite shot to see and use is the extreme close up. And that shot was all over this movie. The reason I love it so much and believe it works so well is because it allows you to see the emotions of the character so plainly. Like their face is right in your face, so you just have to look at it. And that's where Joaquin shines. He delivers such a powerful and emotional performance and the close ups are there to capture it all. They also make great use of the natural backlighting of Shanghai, and the colors all fuse to make it a really pretty movie. I'd say the cinematography is on par with Drive and/or Lost in Translation in terms of the style. It looks like every shot was photographed with the intent to make it the most beautiful shot in the film. And I admire the DP's work. He did a really great job. More than anything though, this film just made me feel. Everything about it was so beautiful. I didn't want it to end. I felt like the film was controlling me - playing with my mind as if it were a joystick. And that's just something you don't get every day. Very rarely am I awe- stricken by a movie, and this film made my jaw drop. It is without a doubt the best film of the year, and upon just one viewing, one of my top 5 favorite movies of all time. Okay let's get something straight: There is nothing I love more than badass, exhilarating movies! The Joker performing his little pencil magic trick, Indiana Jones dodging traps and swinging his lion-taming whip at enemies, the bride in kill bill punching her way out of a closed coffin with her bare hands, John McClane single-handedly annihilating an airplane in mid-air while exclaiming the best one-liner known to mankind and I could go on and on...HOWEVER, nothing compares to the emotional rollercoaster the movie "Her" took me. It's nothing short of a masterpiece, a unique way of describing a love story and it makes you think of what it actually means to be human.
I just didn't want it to end and even after multiple rewatches, it still manages to take me off guard and make me tear up because of how beautiful and sad at the same time it all is. I can't remember any movie being able to achieve that. So yeah, definitely check this one out.And for those who are wondering: this is my third favourite movie of all time. Talk about closing with a bang. Spike Jonze's long-awaited original film about a writer that falls in love with his operating system is not only the best film to play at this year's New York Film Festival; it very well could be the very best film of the year. "Her" is the finest writing and directorial endeavor of Spike Jonze's career. And then there's the towering and crowning work of Academy Award nominee Joaquin Phoenix who proves once again, he's the finest actor working today, hands down. You can't find a more dynamic and compelling story about the human connection and where we're headed as a society.When "Her" opens up, it snaps you immediately into the story. Phoenix plays Theodore, a writer for a website that makes letters for just about anyone. As he tries to find life during the midst of his divorce from his wife Catherine (played by a beautiful Rooney Mara), Theodore finds solace in a friendship with a new OS (operating system) named Samantha (voiced by Scarlett Johansson). The two develop a relationship in a world where OS's are becoming the norm with society.Jonze's has never been the conventional director as we've seen in his other brilliant efforts "Being John Malkovich" and "Where the Wild Things Are." Jonze sets out to tell a story and deliver all the intricate details for us to understand each character. His focus on Theodore, giving him a real sense of loneliness without falling into cliché character ticks and beats that we've seen countless times in other romantic films, Jonze constructs a real man living in a world where technology has taken precedent over human connection.Christopher Nolan should take notes from Jonze on the assembling of female counterparts in a story. Catherine and Theodore's friend Amy, played by the always dependable Amy Adams, both feel genuinely authentic. Mara, who's already delivered one other powerful performance in "Ain't Them Bodies Saints" earlier this year, is finely utilized. She shows once again that she's a true professional, with limited screen time (many in flashbacks); she can staple herself in your memory.Amy Adams is always the sprinkle on top in all of her films. As "Amy," the awkward friend and neighbor who sympathizes more with Theodore more than she'd like to, Adams expertly executes. With four prior Oscar nominations to her credit, her stunning portrayal is just another fantastic pin to add to her credits. She could find traction during the awards season if the film hits in the right way. That's also part to the petty Oscar rules about rewarding voice performances because if that wasn't the case, Scarlett Johansson would be on stage holding an Oscar of her own next March. As "Samantha," Johansson has never tapped into the essence of her abilities as an actress the way she does in "Her." As an OS, full of wonder and curiosity, "Samantha" is essentially a child. Learning at a rapid rate and studying the behaviors of the human mind, she looks at the world through the eyes of Theodore. Johansson holds our hand in through the tale, even when her voice isn't on screen. This is the type of work that could convince the Board of Governors to rethink the eligibility of an acting performance. This is a masterful work that I'll remember for years to come.And then there's Joaquin Phoenix...oh, Mr. Phoenix. Fresh off his historic performance in Paul Thomas Anderson's "The Master" just a year ago, I didn't think he could impress me so soon and yet here we are. His sensitive and perceptive take on the role is what films are all about. It's one of the best things that 2013 has offered and a performance that could land him his first Oscar. I think Phoenix himself was impressed with the work he and his colleagues have accomplished. At the press conference, he actually gave an answer to one of the questions from the audience. If anyone was in attendance at the conference for James Gray's "The Immigrant" - a prickly, disengaged Phoenix put on his sunglasses and put the microphone on the floor. This is a performance that you can identify with. He's not simply awkward for the sake of being, he has baggage and connection issues. There's sincerity in his words and mannerisms. A getaway in a cabin, alone but with "Samantha" encapsulates everything about Theodore. Phoenix achieves the impossible and is an instant Oscar contender.But "Her" isn't just about the writing and performances; it's an all- around technical marvel. Most notably the Production Design of K.K. Barrett, who has worked on "Where the Wild Things Are." Our story takes place in a futuristic (though never said how far ahead) Los Angeles and with shooting overseas, Barrett captures the clout of the city and its inside counterparts. Cinematographer Hoyte Van Hoytema's use of colors and smooth palettes are things of a dream. Affectionately snuggling up to Phoenix as he whispers the sweetness of words to "Samantha" or the sweetness of a new letter at work, Hoytema has quickly become one of my favorite DP's, especially following "Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy" and "Let the Right One In." Arcade Fire and Karen O. are simply magic in their music that accompanies our story about love. A modern yet classical composition that in key scenes could move you to tears."Her" is one of the best love stories I've witnessed in some time. Charlie Kaufman will always have the honor of penning my favorite love story of all-time "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" but Spike Jonze and "Her" are giving it a true run for the money at the moment. Warner Bros. must know what they have with a limited release in late November; this...Read More @ http://www.awardscircuit.com I saw Her this weekend, and it's my favorite movie of the year. Everything about it was fantastic: the acting, the directing, the writing. It could've easily been a clichéd look at technology or the future, but it's fundamentally a very human story about evolution. It's about having to deal with unfulfillment and things like divorce and loneliness, but it's also undercut with hope, whether it be through Theo's relationships with Samantha (Johansson) and Amy (Adams) or even the stylistic touches, like having Theo's red clothes set against a muted Los Angeles background. There are parallels drawn between all the characters' journeys without it feeling contrived, and even Theo's job--writing letters for other people--represents his relationship with his OS; on the surface, they may seem like "just letters" or "just a computer", but they're outlets for his emotions and desires.Oh, and everyone in the cast is phenomenal; it's a shame Johansson is "ineligible" for an award. BS. She's fantastic, and this is an even tougher role to pull off.This is a story about life, and it's perfect.A.Full review: http://polarbearstv.com/2013/12/30/her-review/ Though director Spike Jonze collaborated with Charlie Kaufman on Being John Malkovich and Adaptation, the latter didn't have a hand in Jonze's assured, moving fourth feature, but his spirit—fiendishly inventive, casually postmodern, self-lacerating, fearless, funny, and ultimately deeply sad—pervades the film. With Her, Jonze beautifully realizes a future Los Angeles where a lovesick man (Joaquin Phoenix) in the midst of a devastating divorce is so desperate for intimacy that he falls hopelessly in love with an artificially intelligent operating system, voiced by Scarlett Johansson. Jonze's screenplay acknowledges the innate absurdity of the film's premise while spinning it into an elegant, heartbreaking depiction of human loneliness and the innate need for connection. For the setting, Jonze plugged into the current era's technological mania to say something timeless and profound about love, loss, and evolving desire. In Her, Theodore, falls in love with an operating system seeking to fill the empty space a failed relationship left. As simple as it sounds, watching this movie you will explore feelings like loneliness, self discovery without it being too cheesy or hard to watch.This movie is written in a beautiful way. Common things like casual conversations and peaceful walks make this movie feel down to earth and human even though is set in a futuristic world. I also love how the future this movie sets in is not full of neon lights and cyberpunk stuff but minimalistic buildings and technology that enhances today's life.Talking about minimalism, I would consider this movie minimalistic. From the camera work to the characters involved in the plot, this movie looks tidy and clean, and focus on the plot without bringing too much filler to it. It's worth mentioning that, despite it's minimalism you won't get bored, as the plot it's a roller-coaster of emotions that will keep you glued to the screen till the end.Lastly, I would say that Joaquin Phoenix acting makes Theodore much more relatable, and Scarlett Johansson's voice is able to bring a human touch to one of the most synthetic think I could think of.Her is a beautiful movie and I think a must-watch. I recently watched Her for the 3rd time. I really like this movie. It's the kind of movie which goes beyond just watching it. It generates thoughts and feelings which last awhile. It has a fabulous aftertaste, in a manner of speaking. I want to savor it for a time after each viewing. Even the seemingly off putting letter writing as a business thing acts as a kind of commentary. Overall, I found the script and acting almost musical. Speaking of music, I thought that they did a really good job with matching the soundtrack to the events in the movie. Phoenix and Johansson are in top form, while Jonze's unique direction counterweights hilarity with echoing loneliness. The production design of the film is an incredible mix of hipster chic and technology- dependent futuristic, engaging the viewer with a warm visual glow throughout. I am in love with this film, and it is a highlight in Joaquin Phoenix & Amy Adams' careers. This movie just blew me away, every single aspect in the movie is perfect, from the acting to the writing to the music, the cinematography and so on. This movie touches in so many subjects and it make you feel in the protagonist's shoes.
I can't really put to words how i feel about this movie so just watch it for yourself Well, I wasn't prepared for that. Her is such a haunting and intimate look into loneliness and sorrow, and happiness and love. It's a film that anyone who has ever felt lonely or heartbroken will immediately relate to. But it's also an incredibly personal experience.The more I have thought about this wonderful film that I just saw, the more I realize how impactful it was to me. It was heartwarming yet heartbreaking. It was sad yet funny. Like life, it was a rollercoaster of emotions. One minute you are laughing and the next you are crying. There is no right or wrong, there are just our feelings and emotions and the way we process them.For me, the most impactful part of this film was the sense of loneliness. Anyone who has experienced it knows that it isn't easy. And even though I'm completely fine with being by myself most of the time, there is always that longing to find that someone. This movie captured that feeling so incredibly perfectly.That's where the beauty of this film lies. We can all reflect our experiences and feelings into this movie and it will reflect something back. It turns into such a personal experience and journey, that it becomes impossible to put it into words. I don't think that I have ever experienced anything quite like Her, at least when it comes to cinema. I can already tell now that I won't be able to stop thinking about this film for the next couple of days.I think that everyone should see this film at least once in their life. It's a journey of discovery and reflection. Trying to explain what this film is, is simply impossible. It's something that one needs to experience for themself.Also, can we just talk about that final shot? I don't think that it gets much more perfect than that. I have one question about this movie, and that is, why is this so damn amazing. i have always loved Joaquin Phoenix movies and have always thought he was an amazing actor. and in the movie , he stole the show. This movie shows hardship, but most importantly it show love. this movie is so relate able when it comes to relation ships, you can find love in strange ways, and in this movie it shows that by having the main character, Theodore fall in love with an OS which is an occupation system which helps you through life faster, but he found a love for his, and so did she. its a very sad movie when it comes down to it. i had an amazing time watching this and would recommend this movie to literally anyone with a heart. Regardless of the analysis on the quality of the film, I've never felt so much identified with a character. That guy is me. "Her" can pass like no other the idea of emptiness that surrounds each one of the people who inhabit it. The void is the main presence. The genius of the movie, from the plot to the aesthetics, transcends the physical, technical, technological, it inhabits the same void. In fact, I do not see this film by parts: it has a union, a cohesion, a completeness, which is what I find most prodigious, when all its elements (characters, if we may include Scarlett in this) seem disintegrated. And then, among many other issues that dance in my spirit and will not stop until the end of the real soundtrack, there is the philosophical side: a new questioning of to be or not to be. The point, contrary to what happens in "The Matrix", where that inverted paradigm is poured as a doctrine, everything here falls on me( would be nice to tell on us), in the days following the viewing, like those small particles that light reveals in one of the last images of the film. Given the ubiquity of the void within which our body and all the forces that attract us to it are absolute exceptions, the question is: who is, after all, the programmed? As far as I understand, and Spike Jonze helped to reinforce that conviction, we don't really expand consciousness. Consciousness is this emptiness that surrounds us. It's up to us to allow, or not, it to penetrate us. And interestingly, what I think is that in each of the moments we do so we will register the paradox of feeling less empty . It's been a while since I've seen Her but so much of this film is still etched into my memory. It's a film that I'll never forget.Her follows Theodore, a writer, that falls in love with his operating system.Her does have a basic premise but it's a love story that tells so much and is so relatable. Spike Jonze is a very unique director and has directed wildly original films like Being John Malkovich and Adaptation. Whilst he did direct those two, the praise really went to Charlie Kaufman for his excellent writing. Her is Jonze's first ever solo writing credit and this film shows his capabilities as a writer and not just a director. The script is an absolute winner here as I don't think any film has made me go through so many emotions in a short amount of time.The character of Theodore is someone a lot of people can relate to. We all long to have a strong connection with someone and be able to interact with other people. It's a struggle that a lot people go through and Jonze's representation of that struggle and loneliness is extremely well executed. The cinematography of the futuristic world in this film is beautiful. I loved how you are able to see how many people are glued to their gadgets. It's something that we tend to witness in the real world allowing the world of Her to feel largely realistic.The performances are absolutely brilliant. Joaquin Phoenix once again gives an excellent performances that's very heartfelt and will stick with you long after the film's done. Scarlett Johansson's voice work is astounding. Some of the best voice work I've heard in a film. Rooney Mara and Amy Adams are terrific as usual despite their shorter roles.Her is a very special film to me. It tells a story that takes you on a rollercoaster of emotions and explores feelings and love like no other film has. I cannot recall the last time a film has been able to make me tear up so much at the end and leave me days thinking about it. Her is Spike Jonze's masterpiece. I've felt more emotion watching this movie than most touchy feely movies that are out there. Scarlet nailed Sam's voice on this amazing piece of work. Found myself in tears more than a couple times. And even that, this movie somehow changed my life a little. Experiencing the relationship between these two was such an Eye-opener, an experience worth telling others about. This movie was directed in a way that the person watching gets consumed by the story, the characters, and the situations. A compelling love story, mixed with self discovery leaves the one watching breathless. There's so much to say with little way of expressing it onto a keyboard. Fantastic work. Spike Jonze is one of the most creative directors of our time. The weird but dazzling "Being John Malkovich" and the emotional drama "Adaptation" are two of the best movies in a while and each show off Spike Jonze distinct creative style. Both movies were also collaborations with the great Charlie Kaufman, a man who has written some of the greatest screenplays, all of which have similar creativity and beauty as Jonzes work. Ironically, the Kaufman movie that this movie is most similar to is Eternal of The Spotless Mind, which itself looks like a Spike Jonze film but isn't. I'll get back to that in a bit. When I first read about this film before it was released I was so excited for it. The premise was so relevant and interesting. I didn't get to see the film in theaters and I regret that greatly. So the movie finally reached Blu-Ray/DVD and I was intrigued to finally see it. I am proud to say that this was nothing like what I expected. It was much much better than I could ever have expected. *Plot* This is the future, but not too far ahead. Theodore is a somewhat lonely man who is going through a difficult divorce. He works as a writer for a company that specializes in writing emotional letters for people to people. One day he comes across a new OS being sold in which the OS talks and learns as it interacts with the user and the world. He gets home and has it installed only to find out that it is a female OS who names herself Samantha. From then on Theodore forms a deep relationship with the OS as it evolves and learns new emotions. That is just the gist of the plot. I did say I was excited about the movie leading up to it's release, but I will admit I did think the plot sounded really silly. So as I began to watch the movie I expected a silly romantic movie. I was so wrong. This movie was so serious and beautifully made. Not once did I question the relationship between Theodore and Samantha. The emotions of the characters are portrayed perfectly. Jaoquin Phoenix played Theodore so well. A lot of people are comparing the movie to Eternal Sunshine, and I'm no exception. The character of Theodore really reminded me of Joel from that movie. They are different characters, but so similar at the same time. Jaoquin did an amazing job in his performance. His mannerisms, his facial expressions, his movement. He nailed it. Scarlett Johanssons vocal performance as Samantha was spot on. She was funny, she was cute, she was sexy, she was sad, she was perfect. The rest of the cast such as Amy Adams and Rooney Mara among others give decent performances as well. Olivia Wilde also has a very short but cute role in the movie as well. Now let me talk about the directing. Jonze not being nominated for Best Director at the Oscars for this movie is a crime. The close up shots of the characters to show their raw emotions was clever. The long shots following Theodore through the gorgeous city is beautiful. The contrasting of the colors used in the film are playful eye candy. I read that a lot of the city scenes were filmed in Shanghai. This movie really showcases the beauty of the city. I certainly wish I could take a trip there now. There is also a shot of the beach that is just amazing, even if it lasts a few seconds. The cinematography is also perfect. This is one of the most beautiful movies visually and I think there was little CGI in it. Now I have to talk about the music. Arcade Fire are one of my personal favorite bands. I was so glad to hear they were scoring this movie. They were nominated for an Oscar for it and it was much deserved. The piano elements of the score are perfect. There is a scene at the beach which showcases one of the most heartbreakingly beautiful musical moments of the film. Just amazing. So a lot of people are calling the movie too weird or pointless. A lot are saying the relationship between the main character and the OS was just creepy. I know that people have their opinions, but honestly I cannot believe anyone would bash this masterpiece of a film. Its the perfect statement on how our society is slowly getting to the point of us actually only relying on technology and barely having human relationships. The movie also personally touched me in that I am currently in a long distance relationship with a beautiful woman across the country and we talk on the phone a lot instead of Skyping or webcamming. Scarletts voice in the movie really sounded like her voice on the phone and it really hit me in a personal level. I mean I'm not in love with a computer, but I see the voice as a metaphor for long distance just a bit. Or not. Maybe it's just me. I have to mention the comparison to Eternal Sunshine again. That is one of my all time favorite movies. I have waited for another movie to come along for years and at least have a small similarity to it, and none have. Until now. Many will disagree, but I personally like this movie more than that movie. This movie is for people who need something different, yet familiar. Open your mind to the idea of this movie if you plan on seeing it. This is a truly emotional and beautiful movie to experience and I plan on re-experiencing it in the years to come. We all want to be loved, and love someone, and this is the simple but solid emotional point that Spike Jonze hits at in Her, like a musician playing a high spirited but melancholy song of sweetness and heartache (something the protagonist even requests his iPod to play). The film takes place in some point in the future - or, since we are never told exactly when, it could just as well be an alternative reality where people just need that one extra step being already hooked up to their devices - and is about a man who writes love letters and cards to others for a living. He's good at it because, well, it comes from inside him. But coming off a divorce that's left him "confused" as he says, an 'O.S.' Operating System, an artificially intelligent super computer that with a few simple questions is meant to be 'made' for that person, it's tempting enough to try. Going into the film, I thought it would be a sort of 'rom-com' only with a Hal 9000 (and can you say 'wackiness ensues' more than that). It's more complicated by how much Samantha (voiced by Scarlett Johansson, so she sounds like the perfect gal already) is, a side from being a super organizer (she reads and organizes emails and correspondence), an emotional creature. But in a way this dug deeper than something Kubrick just scratched the surface at: if you can really 'be' there for someone, though not in full physical form, what does that do to the real human being on the other end? Joaquin Phoenix, aside from Jonzes delicate and mature screenplay and poetic direction, is the reason to see the picture. He imbues this 'Him' as a kind of sad dope but one that's a genuinely caring and nice fella but not always connected with his own emotions or knowing quite what to say. He is awkward with those glasses and mustache, he plays his oddball video games (an adorable aside in the film, a few times really), but projects a haunted, morose quality without it becoming tired or trite. At the same time he shows the happiness Jonze wants to portray in a relationship, whether it's with his current 'gf'. Or his once wife (Rooney Mara, and we get to know her so well mostly only through dialogue-less flash backbacks, with some editing input by Steven Soderbergh). He also plays well on some of the moments of comedy that do pop up in the film - it is Jonze, so as it is such a personal film the light and absurd comes in with the gloom - a part of this world But, like us, wondering 'what the hell is this now? Her does science fiction and technological 'if' material so well because of its subtlety. when you watch something like, I don't know, Elysium or even Minority Report, we know it's a future place and the fantasy is big and flashy and sometimes we know we are removed from that experience. Jonze wants this to just be like how it is today, and the sci-to 'catch' is there, for the most part, as a means to explore how we see and feel and experience one another. I left this film questioning so much how I can approach potentially expanding AI in the future (And now we have systems winning or at least even friggin playing on Jeopardy so it's only a matter of time emotional components are worked out). What does one do with the infinite possibilities with a self aware being. and as in Being John Malkovich, there's always another layer of chaos and wonder that is under the surface waiting to be explored, and in the third act the entire concept of an AI of this magnitude is given a frightening element: being in thousands of places at once but still 'here' at the same time, including love. But it doesn't ever quite 'feel' frightening, and that is a key thing that makes Her special.Another director might take the narrative into more conventional territory, like if Samantha and her other O.S. beings (which, after a while, they are) took over the world real Skynet style. It's still Tim Twombleys story, his journey into finding some semblance of peace with himself and the world, and if it feels at all like a personal film for Jonze it's because he sticks with that painful, powerful point of it all being about you, your other, and growth (along with the help of pleutonic friend Amy Adams, another fascinating character who we understand almost immediately). Her is must-see stuff, something with pure sentiment (not sentimentality, that edge is so fine to walk on), and an approach visually that also takes this premise and does it seriously, so when a guy is running around and laughing with his little 'pod' of a person, it isn't implausible and a joke, it's simply something 'there' in the world. That's remarkable. I have always been a fan of Spike Jonze. Though I was a tad disappointed by Where the Wild Things Are, I still regard Being John Malkovich and Adaptation as comedy classics. Where as Charlie Kauffman wrote those two quirky comedies, Her is written by Mr. Jonze, which he won an Academy Award for. It is because of this that I believe Her is his most cohesive film, and also his best.Her takes place in the near future, in L.A., where Theodore (Joaquin Phoenix) struggles with a recent break-up. Theodore is quite the sensitive individual. He writes other couple's love letters for a living. But for someone who has a career in being sweet and loving, Theodore's own opinions on love are anything but optimistic; the breakup has made him sad and reclusive. It is then, when Theodore gets an artificially intelligent operating system (an O.S.) that he begins to see romance in a different light once again. Typing this, I realize how cheesy this premise sounds, so I can understand any speculation going into this film. But trust me, it is not how you think. Some scenes are laugh-out-loud funny, and the movie maintains steady humour through most scenes. But the cleverness with how this story is presented is uncanny; it's as though Jonze wants to satirize rom-coms but also make one that is genuinely emotionally affecting. The movie is not just a love story; in fact, I'd say that the love story is a subplot, compared to the larger themes of the movie.Really, Her is about love in the modern age, and how technology can either create personal barriers or engage new experiences. In scenes when Theodore is in public, gradually throughout the film, more and more extras begin to become solitary. Instead of the families and groups we saw before, most of the crowd, by the end, is communicating into their own O.S. This bears a striking resemblance to people today, who are so reliant on mobile devices to communicate. These themes and more are what elevate Her past so many forgettable romance films, and into something that is a much more in-depth study of love and a well crafted character based story.When Theodore gets this O.S., it names itself Samantha. Sam is a very thought provoking character, because of the fact that she is not human. Scarlett Johansson does amazing voice work as Sam, creating a fully dimensional character who has all the depth and personality of a real person. More so, even. Likewise, Phoenix once again surprised me with his heartfelt performance. He is completely sympathetic and believable; he delivers Jonze's lines with the utmost sincerity, while he communicates volumes with only his face. He anchors the film because for much of it he is essentially talking to himself. Jonze's wonderful script creates such a vivid and believable relationship between Theodore and Sam, and one that is like any relationship between two people. This couple becomes so involving and I was truly heartbroken at many times throughout the movie. His direction has been mentioned less, but is just as important and well-done. I have always thought Jonze has had a knack for character based comedy, but Her has revealed a much more emotionally resonant side of him. Obviously parts of the film are based off of his own breakup and romantic past, and the passion and longing is so evident in every part of the film. The film's score, production design, cinematography, acting, editing, directing, and especially writing are all wonderful. There is absolutely nothing I would change; I loved it wholeheartedly. Her is an original, hilarious, thoughtful, and sublimely beautiful film. Finally got round to watching Her and I had high hopes after all the praise it had received. It did not disappoint.Everything about this film is pretty much perfect for me. The cinematography is beautiful, the pacing is just right, the acting is superb, the characters are likable and the plot is very unique. Joaquin Phoenix is excellent as Theo and Scarlett Johansson voices Samantha to perfection.One thing that did take my by surprise is that the film had quite a few laugh out loud moments which is always good. The storyline was unique and manages to play with your emotions as a viewer.Outstanding 10/10. Would highly recommend. I can't imagine a film like "Her" being ever made. It is the most unforgettable film of 2013; It's full of brilliant performances from Joaquin Phoenix, Amy Adams, and Scarlett Johansson as the voice of an operating system dubbed the OS1. For the most part, the film is an expressive character study bolstered with tear-jerking drama and rom-com wits. Spike Jonze, the director of Being John Malkovich and Where the Wild Things Are builds a guileful narrative so amorous it's almost a spell-binding drama it's impossible to resist. What makes the film interesting is its main character Theodore (played by Phoenix) whose life is falling apart he becomes stuck physically and emotionally. Theodore works as a writer of love letters. Everything seems uneven and melancholic in his life including his botched relationship with his wife (played by Rooney Mara) where they're about to reach their conclusion for a divorce. Theodore is the typical anti- social man. When he buys an operating system called the OS1, he meets an Artificial Intelligence introducing herself as Samantha (voiced by Scarlett Johansson), a husky voiced female AI which understands human emotions including Theodore's melancholy. Samantha is so baffling, Theodore knows this, but he didn't seem to care as long as he will at least have someone to talk to. Suddenly, as expected Theodore gets very fond with the thing. This is very genuine at least in reality where a person builds affection with something inanimate or unbeknownst to them. After getting settled with Samantha, he builds a sheer affection with the thing despite being not real, even sexually. Their chemistry builds strong warmth especially in the second act. The movie's set in a near-distant future where technology is advanced; People tend to use speech recognition to all sorts of things. Jonze's production designer team and the cinematography by Hoyte Van Hoytema build flamboyant textures of the city and a great creation of an advanced and poetic world. Spike Jonze structures the narrative an effective drama than a rom-com. With this story so brilliant and potent, viewers will get what they want. The moment we gather Theodore's melancholy piling up, we find ourselves sharing the same anxiety. But despite of this, we get the comic relief that Theodore and Samantha builds through the entire film. Joaquin Phoenix as Theodore is simply renowned for his genuine portrayal of a lonely archetypal man. Johansson as the voice of OS1 is generated with panache for dramatic execution. Viewers will recognize how Johansson's able to cosset and entertain them like how she does it to Theodore. In some ways, this movie could be a response to Lost in Translation. The director Spike Jonze is divorced to Sofia Coppola, the director of that film. The narrative is almost similar in all terms, but either is triumph. Jonze's character of Theodore could be a surrogate of himself, the same could be said with Coppola's character Charlotte played by Johansson. If you have seen both films, you get the idea.All in all, "Her" should not be missed for viewing. It's a shame that this film hit the theaters before year-end. It is one of the most romantic films of 2013, suitable for Valentine's Day. This Review Might Be A Little Bias Considering Her Is My Favorite Movie Of All Time Although Now That I Think Of It This Review Will Help Me Explain Why I Love This Movie, Plus it might be a bit contradict what i said in my Shaw shank redemption review considering in my Shaw shank Redemption Review i said that it's my favorite movie of all time but i like this movie more Let's Begin. OK So I'm Going To Split This Review Into 5 Categories Plot , Character/Acting , Direction , Sound & Visuals & What This Movie Means To Me.Plot: So The Plot Of Her Is Very Straight Forward It Involves The Character Of Theodore Falling In Love With A Brand New A.I Operating System Named Samantha.Character : So You Have The Two Main Characters Of Theodore (Joaquin Phoenix) & Samantha (Scarlett Johannsson) And You Have Side Characters Like Theodore's Long Time Friend Amy (Amy Adams) Her u Unsupportive husband, Charles (Matt Letscher)And Other Character's Who Only Appear For A Short While Such As Olivia Wilde's Unnamed Character In Which Samantha Sets Theodore Up With On A Blind Date.Acting : The Acting In Her Is All Around Magnificent Joaquin Phoenix Who Has Already Proved Himself As A Fantastic Actor In Movies Like The Master & Gladiator Brings His A-Game In Her It Honestly One Of The Best Performances Iv'e Ever Seen And By Far Phoenix's Best Performance. Now To Me Scarlett Johannsson Is A Hit Or Miss Actress She's Great In Movie's Like Lost In Translation, Don John & Vicky Christina Barcelona But She's Also Been Not Great In Movie's Like Ghost In The Shell , The Avengers (Overrated) Plus The Other Marvel Movie's And Lucy But In Her She Is Fantastic And I Was Very Disappointed That She Was Ruled Ineligible For A Best Actress Nomination At The Academy Awards In 2014 She Is Fantastic In Her Role She Doesn't Show Her Face And For A Woman Like Scarlett Johannsson That's Impressive.Amy Adams Is Pretty Great As Usual Yeah She's Been In Some Terrible Movie's Like Batman v Superman , Man Of Steel And Leap Year But She's Also Been In Some Great Movie's Like Nocturnal Animal's, Arrival,Catch Me If You Can & The Master. Olivia Wide Is A Pretty Bad Actress (Cowboy's & Alien's & In Time Plus A Ton Of Crappy Romantic Comedy's)But With A Great Script And Spike Joanze Excellent Directing She Pulls It Of Pretty Well And All The Other Supporting Actors/Actresses Are Great.Directing: As A Aspiring Director / Screenwriter Spike Joanze Is My Idol He Has Writ,Produced & Directed Some Of (In My Opinion) The Best Movies Ever Made Such As Being John Malkovich (Director), Adaptation (Director) & Synechdoche New York (Producer) Plus He Also Gave Us Jackass Which Is Awesome But His Directing In Her Is Absolutely Outstanding His Style Directing A Movie To Me Is Incredibly Unique His Character's Are Great His Script's Are Full Of Emotional Moments & Quirky Comedic Effects Just Go And Watch His Movie's And Jackass.Sound & Visuals: So To Begin With Sound What You Hear In The Movie AKA Music Or More Specific The Movie's Soundtrack Mostly Done By Arcade Fire Is Fantastic I Don't Want To Spoil It For You Though So Just Go Listen To It . No Onto The Visual's Mainly The cinematography It Is Gorgeous The Final Shot Of Theodore & Amy Together On That Rooftop Is So Incredibly Beautiful Both In The Context Of The Movie And The Overall Shot.What This Movie Means To Me: So When I First Saw This Movie I Was Going Through A Messy Break-Up And I Became Very Lonely & Depressed So When I Got Around To Watching This I 100% elated To Theodore. If You've Been In A Relationship Before You Know That In The Real World It's A Struggle Trying To Connect With People On An Emotional Level And The Movie Show's That In Detail. So Since I Related To Theo So Much The Ending Was Heart-Breaking I Warn You First I'm About To Get Into Spoiler's So SPOILER ALERT!!!!! At The End Of The Movie Samantha Reveals That Because Of OS's Leaving (I Think) She Has To Leave Theodore And If Over The Movie You've Learned To Care For Theo & Samantha It's Soul Crushingly Heart Breaking To See Her Go. So In Conclusion Her Is A Emotional , Funny , Engaging , Unique & Heart Felt Movie With Great Characters , Amazing Directing , A Fantastic Visual Style With Gorgeous Cinematography And An Amazing Soundtrack. So I Suggest If You Have Not Saw Her You Must I Give Her A Solid 10/10 I really like science fiction books and movies. All these future technologies, weapons, supercomputers - in a word, WOW. So, when I first heard about a new Sci-Fi movie, immediately ran to the cinema, sat down in front of the screen, and without watching a single trailer, prepared to enjoy the adventures of some space traveler. To be honest, I was surprised to see romantic melodrama. But it turned out, that "Her" was the best drama I have ever seen. Firstly, it was very interesting to look at the world of the future not through the eyes of a scientist or a traveler, but a normal person: to understand what actually you will meet in everyday life, if you get in the future. Secondly, love story is so unusual that I was surprised by the fact of the existence of such relations for a long time after watching. In addition, for me, as a programmer, it was exciting to watch the artificial intelligence in such manifestation. Also, I think that the film deservedly won an Oscar for best screenplay, because the story, which is told to us, is gorgeous. The film completely immerse you in its atmosphere, and, for the first time, you do not even want to return to reality when the movie ends. One more point I need to mark is music. Soundtrack is amazing - guys in Arcade Fire managed to create some wonderful compositions on piano that perfectly reflect the meaning of the film. So, I ask you to watch this movie, because it undoubtedly deserves your attention and will not leave you indifferent. 10 out of 10. A brilliant movie to think about the nature of love. I knew this film was an Oscar nominee for best picture. I knew it had a top cast and crew. I am able to love sci-fi works. So I had "Her" down on my long list of "movies I want to see some day." But even so, I had low expectations. Because I had heard that the premise was that "a man falls in love with his operating system." So I expected that this would be at best a piece of poignant comedic fluff. How much mileage can they possibly get out of that? I arrogantly asked myself. Isn't the Joaquin Phoenix character pretty much guaranteed to be the sort of nebbish we have seen in a lot of films, unable or afraid to handle a real relationship with a "real", that is, multicellular organic partner? And how did Scarlet Johanssen - an actress whom I respect terribly as well as have a major crush on, full disclosure, but still, how did she get award nominations for what is "just" voice- over work? Could this thing REALLY have been one of the best pictures of 2013? Wasn't that a fluke of some kind?Well, if you are the person sitting in darkness who has not yet seen "Her" and is asking yourself these questions which I asked myself when I was sitting where you are now, I advise you that it is a much better, much more profound work with much deeper characters than you believe it can possibly be.I am working very hard not to give away plot lines because I believe the wonder of seeing them unfold is part of the value of the work from which I don't intend to detract. But let me start off by saying that Twombley, the Joaquin Phoenix character, is a man in the last stages of a divorce who has been loved and in love and is not so damaged that he would fall in love with Siri. He works for a firm which apparently provides personal letters for other people - so his job is in fact to mirror, or simulate, in text the emotions which actual other people presumably feel or would like to have it believed that they feel. The parallels will not be lost on anyone, I am sure.Twombley hears a commercial for a new kind of operating system - one that is not just an OS but "a consciousness." Thinking seriously about that for a moment, what does that mean? Twombley's ambition for his new purchase is to get his emails organized better, not to find someone new. Is a conscious OS "someone new," by the way? His OS is clearly really "intelligent" in the sense of being able to process information very quickly and *at least* simulate someone with an ego, wishes, emotions, etc., carrying on an audio conversation in real time. Thinking about it, even looking only at the office-assistant aspect, you might have doubts about letting your new just-out-of-the-box intelligent and powerful acquaintance, imbued with independent desires, read and instantly process the whole contents of your hard drives and cloud segments. To do it, you would have to be convinced that your new friend is benign and trustworthy, having only your interests at heart; but this is easier if the friend has Scarlet Johanssen's voice. (For a heterosexual guy anyway; what actors would voice-over the other versions? By the way, my question now is not why she was getting supporting actress nominations, but why they weren't nominations for the lead.)If the caring-person nature of this new OS is an illusion, it's an illusion which is hard for Twombley and for us to penetrate. If it's not an illusion, isn't "a man falls in love with his OS" a one-sided depiction of the plot? What about the OS's side of things? The film takes us there very quickly. At one point, I remarked to my wife, "So - the promise of the film is that we will have operating systems that are as hard to deal with as human beings!" (Though as soon as I said that I realized that that boat may have already sailed with Windows 8 and Microsoft Office 2013.)Although the film doesn't lose its focus on Twombley's point of view - indeed I don't recall Phoenix ever being off screen - Twombley is of course not the only purchaser of this OS, so we get artful glimpses of other people adapting to this technology in similar and different ways... This film is very thought-provoking, and when it's over you will be able to think of other films and TV episodes that have dealt with the same material. But it's also very moving. Love stories have happy and sad parts - and it's hard to mate for life like swans, unless you are both in fact, for example, swans. Spike Jonze's movies had all the time some great fantasy that always were worth to watch. In "Being John Malkovich" was a really interesting idea to put people in John Malkovich's skin and in "Where the Wild Things Are" it was great to enter in Max's imaginary world.This time we have a really interesting theme about a lonely person and a futuristic Operating System's "Love Affair". It sounds weird but it came out a remarkable story.Theodore is a letter writer just after divorce when OS1, an operating system with consciousness is put to market. He starts the program , the OS asks some questions , including to have male or female voice, some personal questions, then reboots and gives birth to "Samantha".The great fact about this movie is that you almost forget that the love story is between a Human and a Computer. Joaquin Phoenix (Theodore) and Scarlett Johansson as Samantha's voice make such a great performance that result a movie a Romantic Tragedy."Her" makes me think about the complicated future and the potential self-aware Operating System - Human relationships.Until then sit back and enjoy this great movie. You can watch this movie in 1997, you can watch it again in 2004 or 2009 or you can watch it in 2015 or 2020, and this movie will get you EVERY TIME. Titanic has made itself FOREVER a timeless classic! I just saw it today (2015) and I was crying my eyeballs out JUST like the first time I saw it back in 1998. This is a movie that is SO touching, SO precise in the making of the boat, the acting and the storyline is BRILLIANT! And the preciseness of the ship makes it even more outstanding! Kate Winslet and Leonardo Dicaprio definitely created a timeless classic that can be watched time and time again and will never get old. This movie will always continue to be a beautiful, painful & tragic movie. 10/10 stars for this masterpiece! Titanic is one of my all time favourite films. I'm a 24 year old guy who has probably not cried in front of anyone since I was a kid, but this movie plays on my emotions more than almost any other. We all know the ship will sink (does that even qualify as a spoiler?) but the build-up to this event - the smugness and over- confidence, assurances of it being "unsinkable" - tease the audience, almost to the point where you're like 'is it really going to sink?'I thought the performances of everyone were magnificent: I cared about the characters and their lives on and beyond the ship. Taking the time to introduce everyone and weave their stories together was masterful, even beyond the main characters, like Fabrizio and Murdoch the First Officer and countless more. It was heartbreaking towards the end when you see the panic gradually set in, and it slowly descends into total chaos. You remember Jack telling Rose all the places he's going to take her to and you imagine their love- filled lives together. The Irish mother telling her children the fairytale, resigned to their fate. The violinists trying to maintain a spirit of composure amidst the carnage. And the music! Wow. I cried for all of this. And especially right at the end when you see the photos of Rose's life, knowing she's fulfilled her promise and survived, living a full life, probably never having met anyone she loved as much as Jack all those years ago.Visually pleasing in every way, dramatic, musically astounding, great acting and above all a fantastic story make this an undeniably iconic, enduring film. A romantic-drama unlike any other. It deserves higher than 7.7. Good Lord. This movie right here, it's a masterpiece. I am not exaggerating when I say this. Tonight was the first time I watched this. I watched some parts of it earlier, but I thought it would probably be boring, and that I had better things to do. Tonight I watched the whole thing with my grandmother. I was completely wrong on that. This was the best movie that I've ever seen, and probably ever will see in my entire life. Me and my grandmother were both in tears by the end of it. There were two scenes which made me cry: the part where the orchestra played "Nearer, My God, to Thee" and the end when all those perished on the Titanic applaud at the kiss of Rose and Jack. This movie was absolutely amazing and I would watch it over and over again. People are crazy. They rate Avengers so high and they rate this masterpiece low? This is beyond absurd. You guys should encourage great filmmakers like this one not stupid ones like the super hero franchises. For the love of god. Very beautiful and cinematic movie with lots of classic scenes.Also extremely sad at times.Absolute 90's classic. Ah, yes, the film that propelled Leonardi DiCapro to super stardom, became the first film to gross $1 billion, and stayed on the top of the box office charts for 12 years (only to be kicked off the top by another James Cameron film, Avatar).It is said 'Titanic' is the film with the most continuity errors of all films. Despite this, though, the film was indeed a masterpiece. The sheer scale of the sets and entire production were simply mind blowing! The sinking of the Titanic was the greatest ship sinking scene EVER and was done with such meticulous detail that one would think they actually really sunk the ship. Off course, that was not the case, though, as it were all (very elaborate) sets, most of which were destroyed during the making of the film.Leonardo made for a very likable hero, quite frankly one a lot of guys can relate to. The young lovers were so different and yet so alike, and their love story was almost endearing. I must admit, the jumping backwards and forwards in time was a bit unnecessary and resulted in an overlong epic. They should only have told the 1912 story. Apart from that, the film was thrilling, exciting and fascinating in every sense of the word! Every once in a while the conversation will turn to "favorite movies." I'll mention Titanic, and at least a couple people will snicker. I pay them no mind because I know that five years ago, these same people were moved to tears by that very movie. And they're too embarrassed now to admit it.I just rewatched Titanic for the first time in a long time. Expecting to simply enjoy the story again, I was surprised to find that the movie has lost none of its power over these five years. I cried again.... in all the same places. It brought me back to 1997 when I can remember how a movie that no one thought would break even became the most popular movie of all time. A movie that burst into the public consciousness like no other movie I can recall (yes, even more than Star Wars). And today, many people won't even admit they enjoyed it. Folks, let's get something straight -- you don't look cool when you badmouth this film. You look like an out of touch cynic.No movie is perfect and this one has a few faults. Some of the dialogue falls flat, and some of the plot surrounding the two lovers comes together a little too neatly. However, none of this is so distracting that it ruins the film.Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are wonderful. Leo is one of the fine actors of his generation. Wait 'til you see him in Gangs of New York before you call him nothing more than a pretty boy. Kate Winslet was so strong in this film. The movie really was hers, and she held it together beautifully.James Cameron managed what many believed was impossible by recreating a completely believable Titanic. The sinking scenes were horrific, just as they were that night. How anyone can say the effects were bad is beyond me. I was utterly transfixed.This film is one memorable scene after another. Titanic leaving port in Southampton. Rose and Jack at the bow, "flying". "Iceberg, right ahead!" The screws hanging unbelievably out of the ocean. The screams of the doomed after she went down. And that ending that brought even the burliest man in the theater to tears.The music, which has also been a victim of the film's success, was a key ingredient. James Horner's score was simply perfect. And the love theme was beautiful and tragic. Too bad Celine Dion's pop song version had to destroy this great bit of music for so many.I confess, I am a Titanic buff. As such, I relished the opportunity to see the ship as we never got to see it -- in all its beauty. Perhaps watching it sink affected me more than some because I've had such an interest in the ship all my life. However, I doubt many of those I saw crying were Titanic buffs. I applaud Cameron for bringing this story to the masses in a way that never demeaned the tragedy. The film was made with such humanity.Another reviewer said it better than I ever could: Open up your hearts to Titanic, and you will not be disappointed. Back in 1997, do I remember that year: Clinton bans cloning research, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins won the world series and a woman gave birth to septuplets. This was also the big year in the release of Titanic, one of the biggest films of all time: a tale about the ship of dreams, about a boy and a girl who fall in love but are torn apart by their social class and at the height of their emotional commitment the ship meets with disaster. I don't think anybody could have expected Titanic to be as HUGE as it was, the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them being teenage girls, I was 12 years old at the time, and of course saw the movie multiple times. It was the film that made me believe that the love that Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful. At the time I felt that Titanic could do no wrong, of course I grew up and didn't watch the film since I was 14, a couple years ago I saw the film on DVD for 5.99 and figured that it was a good price and to see what I thought about the movie now. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie of all time? Was that Leonardo's real nose? OK, I know that's silly to say, but I did re-watch the film. Being completely honest here, Titanic is a great movie, it delivered in romance, humor, disaster, emotions and took us on this incredible maiden voyage.The film starts with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreck of the RMS Titanic, searching for a necklace set with a valuable blue diamond called the Heart of the Ocean. Unsuccessful, they instead discover a drawing of a young woman wearing the Heart of the Ocean, dated the day the Titanic sank. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns of the drawing, and contacts Lovett to inform him she is the woman in the drawing. When asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose Calvert recalls her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the first time that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, the upper-class 17-year-old Rose boards the ship with her controlling fiancé, Cal Hockley and her desperate for money mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater. Distraught and frustrated by her engagement, Rose attempts suicide by jumping from the stern. Before she leaps, a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson intervenes who convinces her not to jump. Jack and Rose strike up a tentative friendship as she thanks him for saving her life, and he shares stories of his adventures traveling and sketching; their bond deepens when they leave a first-class formal dinner of the wealthy for a much livelier gathering of dancing, music and beer in third-class. After revealing their love for each other and wish to leave together when the ship docks, they then witness the ship's fatal collision with an iceberg and now must escape together.So does Titanic live up to it's hype? I still say that this is a great movie to watch, I think that there were and still are quite a few haters that for some reason just want to trash the movie because it had won a ton of awards and Leo Mania was born at the time. Everyone is entitled to an opinion, but please don't let the haters bother you from watching this great movie. It has great acting, amazing effects, beautiful costumes, outstanding sets, a well-written story and still looks flawless. Love it or hate it, you have to admit this movie didn't get a lot of hype just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's amazing ability to cry on sight, this film is something special. Otherwise I don't think we'd still be talking about it so many years later. Kate and Leo had this amazing chemistry that in my opinion made it one of the greatest love stories of all time. Despite the story not being the most original with the rich girl loves poor boy plot, I think it worked extremely well because they fit so well together. James Cameron, the extreme perfectionist that he is, went over time and money budgets for Titanic, but this was his baby and it paid off very well. James had captured everything about Titanic and the sinking so well. He respectfully shows what terror the victims went through that night and made sure that this wasn't just a love story but to remember those who lost their lives on the tragic voyage. He had every right in my opinion to scream "I'm king of the world!" at the Oscars, because this movie blew everyone out of the water(no pun intended), you know what? I'm going to admit it, I love Titanic, even past my teen years I absolutely adore this movie, it will always hold a special place in my heart, it has too since I saw this film 8 times in the theater when it was released. Remember one thing, be true to yourself, don't follow the crowd, lovers or haters, if you go with the hype you're always going to go crazy over a film before viewing it, then if you thought the film was just alright for some reason it comes off as the worst movie ever. I do recommend Titanic, it's a great one and sure to go down in the classics one day.10/10 I am still crying as I am writing this review as of right now. I don't even know where to begin. I can now see why this film was one of the highest grossing movies of all time. The blending of genres was masterfully done through the style of a Historical Romance/Drama, and a Disaster/Action film. The writing was absolutely superb, for a 3 hour movie I found myself completely engaged not even blinking my eye. The costumes, music, performances, characters, cinematography, dialogue was so magical I can't even put words here to describe the beauty of everything put into this movie. The performances just take your breathe away. Jack and Rose's love story is so full of life and heart and what true love should be even if it's a battle or your not the same class and can't be together ounce you find your soulmate that's what love is about. Their characters felt so human and that really is what puts this movie at a whole new level. The camerawork is some of the best I have ever seen in any film. I don't even want to spoil how thrilling, chilling, beautifully well done the Titanic sinking part of the film is because it is something you just have to see for yourself and experience the devastating heartbreaking tragedy that occurred. James Cameron you are and will always be one of the best filmmakers to ever live and this is your ultimate masterpiece. It's 2019 and I still watch this movie sometimes and I am pretty sure that people are gonna keep watching this movie for the next 50 years and while watching this they will still feel that same emotion that they felt when they watched this movie for the first time. This movie still in the top 3 of the list of highest grossing movies of all time even after 22 years. To all the miserable people who have done everything from complain about the dialogue, the budget, the this and the that....who wants to hear it?  IF you missed the point of this beyond-beautiful movie, that's your loss.  The rest of us who deeply love this movie do not care what you think.  I am a thirthysomething guy who has seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one stands in its own entity, in my book.  It was not supposed to be a documentary, or a completely factual account of what happened that night. It is the most amazing love story ever attempted.  I know that it is the cynical 90's and the millennium has everyone in a tizzy, but come on. Someone on this comments board complained that it made too much money! How lame is that?  It made bundles of money in every civilized country on the planet, and is the top grossing film in the planet.  I will gladly side with the majority this time around. Okay, cynics, time to crawl back under your rock, I am done. "Based on the tragedy that spawned thousands of heartbreaking true stories, comes this fake one." It's time to decide: was it insensitive and somewhat cheap of James Cameron to throw two made-up passengers who fall in love onto the ship? Or did these two characters offer the audience an anchor to hold onto as we are guided through the dreadful events of April 15th, 1912? Without a doubt, the latter. The fictional story of Jack and Rose never distracts from the tragic true story, it cinematically enhances it. We never ever miss the bigger picture.First of all, just look at this film. The resplendent wonder of the film's set design, both interior and exterior, places you right on board. It looks and feels the part. And when the inevitable disaster strikes, Cameron grabs onto you and drags you through each painful moment in striking detail. The sinking of the Titanic is brought to life with exquisite attention to detail and astonishing visual effects. It makes for the greatest disaster scenes in any movie I've seen.However, a Roland Emmerich or Michael Bay film this is not, as Cameron never allows the spectacle to distract us from the agony of it. Watching the Titanic being destroyed is not fun or, in its broadest sense, exciting - it's intensely distressing. Unlike most disaster films, it never feels like we're watching a crowd of extras on a film set flailing around. The lead up to the iceberg strike engages you so convincingly in the period, such that each person in front of the camera has been imbued with rich character. And when the ship sinks, it genuinely shocks you to see them go. For a good part of the sinking, Jack and Rose's fictional plight is quite sensibly placed to one side, giving us time to reflect on the truth and how it would have felt to be aboard the ship that horrifying night.So aside from its sweeping spectacle and moving depiction of real-life tragedy, what does the story of Jack and Rose bring to the table? In spite of how persuasive the film is, one must remember - it's ultimately a work of fiction, not a documentary. Like any period drama, it is an interpretation of how society worked at the time. Jack and Rose, as well as being beautifully played by DiCaprio and Winslet, are incredibly well crafted. They are a window into a much more subtle form of racism, which is still prevalent today. It's called class, and in the latter half of the movie, it becomes a tool with which to decide who lives and who dies.Titanic has pretty much anything you can ask for. It's a romance; it's a disaster movie; it's an action film; it's got a sense of humour and wit; it's a period drama; it's a tragedy. Summed up, Titanic is about as perfect a cinematic experience as you're ever likely to get. One of The best movies ive seen, 10/10 and People say its ok? This movie AT its best mfk. It's the first movie I've watched in cinema. On the first seat. It was amazing.
It seemed like the ship was going inside me :) I have watched Titanic how many times I don't know. Everytime I watch it, I still cry, laugh, smile, and feel. The story flows with tension throughout the movie; two actors' acting and chemistry need applaud; Sinking ship is realistically filmed; 'My Heart Will Go On' is perfect fit for Jack and Roses' love story and is timeless as well. All the movie's factors are fully qualified. What more can I say? It is the masterpiece. The stage curtains open ...Not since the advent of the 1995 film, "Braveheart", have I ever been as enthralled or emotionally invested into a movie as I was with "Titanic". I knew going in, just from the trailer and word-of-mouth, it was going to be good, but I had no idea the ride I was in for when the lights dimmed in the theater that night. I have never understood (and still don't understand) the negative backlash that I've read/heard when it come to this epic film. Because, it is just that - epic in every way, shape or form.We follow along as a young wayfarer named Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio) wins a ticket to board the Titanic in a game of chance. During its fateful voyage, he meets and falls for an upper-class girl named Rose (Kate Winslet). Under the thumb of her demanding fiance (Billy Zane) and her narrow-minded mother, Rose is introduced to a different side to life by Jack, and he helps her to find her own individuality and independence, alienating her from a life that she already despises. She must now decide if she'll choose to stay where she is, or leave and have a life with Jack - a decision that is further compounded when the mighty ship strikes an iceberg leading to the eye popping conclusion.What makes this film work is the love story. A lot of the negative reviews I've read complain because there is a love story. But, without it, this movie doesn't work. I am not interested in watching a biography about the Titanic, I want a good story - and this movie certainly delivers that. I was completely invested in Jack and Rose, and when the ship began to sink, I was with them both every step of the way.I highly recommend this movie at 10 stars out of 10. The event of the ship sinking alone was awe inspiring. You are right there in the scene. I could not take my eyes off the screen. The direction is tight, the special effects phenomenal, and the acting completely believable. DiCaprio and Winslet had perfect chemistry. I was affected and moved by "Titanic". And even knowing the outcome, I will happily get on board again and again. I find it so amazing that even after all these years, we are STILL talking about this movie! Obviously this movie wasn't THAT bad or else people wouldn't even BOTHER to talk about it.  I personally enjoyed this film immensly, and still do!  I guess this film isn't for everyone, but it certainly did touch the hearts of many. As for those that think that this film is "overrated" or "over-hyped"...well, we only have the movie-going public to thank for that! lol*  You see, it's not CRITICS/article writers that make a film "HUGE" or a "HIT" with the general movie-going public.  PEOPLE make the film a huge success.  With Titanic, everyone was in awe.  Let's face it, a film like this had never been made before.  At least not with the type of special effects needed to really capture the essence of the ship actually sinking. This film is so accurate that even James Cameron timed the actual sinking of the ship in the film with the REAL sinking that fateful day in April 1912. Even the silverware for goodness sakes matched!  Give this movie a break you guys!  The critics thought this movie would sink BIG time!  When this movie actually came out and people started hearing by WORD OF MOUTH (which is the BEST form of advertisement mind you) that this was a good/decent/movie worth seeing, then everyone started flocking to the theaters in droves to see this movie...not once, not twice, but maybe 3 times and more!  So, I really wouldn't say that this movie was "overhyped"...at least not like the buildup for the MATRIX reloaded or the HULK is being "overhyped".  ha!  Critics didn't even think that Titanic would make enough money to cover Cameron's gigantic film budget that it took to make this mammoth of a film.  However, the films money took care of that 200 million budget and MUCH more!  Personally, I LOVE this film.  However, this film might not be for everyone. DOn't say that this film sucks just because of romance though!  THat is the most sexist thing I've ever heard! Disliking a movie just because it has romance in it!  The story was sweet.  The dialogue could have been better, but let's face it...the REAL star of the movie wasn't Leo or Kate...it was that GIGANTIC Ship!    I think all of the actors including DiCaprio and Winslet did a fine job.  It's not thier best work (I've seen much BETTER work from both of them) but it wasn't the WORST I've seen on screen before. Give them a break! This movie re-wrote film history in every way.  No one cares what anyone thinks about this movie, because it transcends criticism.  Every flaw in the movie is easily overcome by the many amazing things the movie has going for it.  It is an extremely beautiful movie, and I doubt many of us will see anything like it again. I've seen it more times than I care to count, and I still become transfixed every time, with a feeling which is hard to describe.  One for the ages. Thirteen years after Titanic launched and all it takes is the first few bars of that haunting music to transport me back to my first time watching the movie in the theater. It was beyond comprehension - the entire spectacle and production. I bought the books, read the history books and found myself immersed in all things Titanic.I didn't hurt that my great, great aunt was on the ship and survived. It makes it a little personal for me. In fact, I happen to own one of the only objects in existence that came off of the ship into a lifeboat and did not go into the water.Love the movie - it still is #1 in my book. James Cameron's 'Titanic' is essentially a romantic adventure with visual grandeur and magnificence, a timeless tragic love story set against the background of this major historical event... It's an astonishing movie that exemplifies hope, love and humanity... Leonardo DiCaprio is terrific on screen with big charisma... Conveying passion, trust, insouciance and ingenuity, he's a free-spirited wanderer with artistic pretensions, and a zest for life... Kate Winslet is absolutely lovely as the confused upper-class teen engaged to a nasty rich guy who finds herself, one night, plunged to the depths of despair...Billy Zane is an arrogant racist, abusive and ultra rich who would lie, cheat, steal, bribe with money or even use an innocent young child to escape defeat... He keeps a 56 carat blue diamond worn by Louis XVI...Kathy Bates is the legendary unsinkable Molly Brown, the richest woman in Denver, who is a lot less uptight than the other rich folk on the ship...Frances Fisheris is the impecunious cold snobbish mother who, deathly afraid of losing her social stature, forces her daughter to become engaged to marry a rich, supercilious snob...Victor Garber is the master shipbuilder, the real-life character who attempts to fix time, to measure it, in a sense, to make it into history... Jonathan Hyde is the White Star Chairman who wants the Titanic to break the Trans-Atlantic speed record, in spite of warnings that icebergs may have floated into the hazardous northern crossing...Bill Paxton is the opportunistic undersea explorer in search for a very rare diamond called the "Heart of the Ocean." Gloria Stuart is the 101-year old woman who reveals a never-before told love story... The nightmare, the horror and the shock are imprinted upon her deeply lined face... 'Titanic' is loaded with luminous photography and sweeping visuals as the footage of the shipwrecked Ocean liner lying motionless on the ocean floor; the incredible transformation of the bow of the sunken 'Titanic' that takes the viewer back to 1912, revealing the meticulously re-created interiors; the first sight of the Titanic steamed steadily toward her date with destiny; the Titanic, leaving the Southampton dock, and some dolphins appear jumping, racing along in front of the luxurious ship; DeCaprio and Winslet flying at the ship's front rail in a gorgeous magic moment; the intertwining of past and present as Jack was drawing Rose on his paper, the camera zooms closely on young Rose's eye, only to transform its shape into Gloria Stuart's aged eye...Chilling scenes: Titanic's inevitable collision with destiny; James Cameronin one of the most terrifying sequences ever put on film takes us down with the Titanic, finally leaving us floundering in the icy water, screaming for help that never comes...Winner of 11 Academy Awards, including Best Picture, James Cameron's "Titanic" is a gigantic epic where you don't just watch the film, you experience it! The visual effects are amazing, like no other film's... The decor is overwhelming... James Horner's music intensifies the emotions... The whole movie is hunting and involving, filled with a wide range of deep feelings... It's truly a moving tribute to those who lost their lives on that unfortunate ship... I just want to say wether fictional or not this movie is a masterpice and how it have only 7.8 rantings. This film is the best motion picture in my opinion. The low rating makes no sense to me at all... This movie is magnificent, so well made, the acting is superb. Anything below 9 doesn't do it any justice. I recently watch this movie last week and it's was the most emotional yet so beautiful of a movie it was one of these movies where it made me cry on the ship sinking and the deaths of people it was so emotional and so painful and yet it was a masterpiece I'm glad I saw it and I definitely recommend this movie for all those that need tissues it's just amazing If we have to figure out what the most precious identity humans have, that must be memory. We can absolutely remember lots of things happened during our 80-year lives. Our memories construct the great history. And Titanic is about an old woman's memory about a huge famous boat and her lover she met during her endless trip to America. The first time I watched this film was in my early age. And some precious memory of my own happened during that time. Maybe this is the most important part of the movie to myself. 