Dunkirk is, in my opinion, yet another masterpiece from mastermind Christopher Nolan. Since everything that is brilliant about the film has already been said I will briefly write what I think of the film and also touch on a topic that some people are criticizing the movie for.The fantastically directed film is told from 3 perspectives non chronologically. It superbly tackles the narrative and the non linear story doesn't at all pull you away from the intensity of the events happening on screen that don't stop from 00:00 to the last scene. Hans Zimmer most likely gives one of the most fitting scores for a war film ever. Sometimes there is only one note playing followed by heartbeat sounds and a ticking clock while other times a massive orchestra is interpreting what is going on on screen. The movie brilliantly projects the feeling of each and every soldier on the beach to the audience. Confusion, turmoil and fear. The cinematography was breathtaking and I felt anxious throughout most of the run time. There is no lead in this film and I can't really say anyone stuck out as giving a brilliant performance because it wasn't needed and I'll explain why.The biggest criticisms of Dunkirk that I've heard of so far are that the characters are lacking in depth and that we aren't given anything to be invested in them. I feel like Nolan was trying (successfully) to make the audience care for each and every one of the men on the beach. He needed to have some form of "main characters" to be in the story so that we can see the events unfold from the direct perspective of all of the soldiers. Usually in war films (I'll use saving private Ryan as an example) the plot revolves around certain soldiers (like Cpt. Miller and Ryan) being in a war and doing things in the war but its still about THEM not THE WAR as much. In my opinion Dunkirk is a telling the STORY OF DUNKIRK. Not of Harry Style's character or Tom Hardy's character but of Dunkirk. What any of the "main characters" felt, every other soldier felt. Nolan resorted more to film-making techniques to tell the story rather than dialogue and that is why some people might have had a problem with the lack of character depth but realistically this type of terrible event wouldn't be a place for someone to "develop" as a character but rather a event where MEN WANTED ONLY SURVIVAL, and Nolan showed that perfectly. As for what the top review of Dunkirk on IMDb says about 'lack of emotion' in the film, I believe this to be a completely incorrect statement. Maybe he was referring to the lack of 'brotherhood amongst men' or the feeling of moral or something epic like that. Again the longing for the 'Saving Private Ryan' format of war films. What the reviewer fails to see is that realistically there was NO emotion on that beach besides fear and confusion. And I can safely say that Nolan and Zimmer and the DP all successfully gave us those feelings.9.5/10 Saw an early screening tonight in Denver.I don't know where to begin. So I will start at the weakest link. The acting. Still great, but any passable actor could have been given any of the major roles and done a great job. I know almost no more about the battle of Dunkirk after seeing the film than I did before, and I am not exactly a WWII historian. Truth be told, I learned all I know about the battle of Dunkirk from the movie poster. Does that weaken the film? Hell no, this is a film about survival. The opening scene tells it all and sets the stage as we get our first glimpse into a young soldier's need to stay alive, and his creative attempts to do so. That actor may even be considered the main character of the film. More words have been written so far in this review than he speaks. And I have no clue who the actor in that role is. It is humorous that Tom Hardy looks like Bane through most the film in the role of a pilot wearing an oxygen mask throughout. Kenneth Branagh is the only officer with any lines in the film, so that should give you an idea of the POV that we experience. We are the enlisted man trying to find a way to stay alive in a chaotic and harrowing battle. Though I believe Dunkirk will win every single technical Oscar, I would be surprised if it has any acting nominations at all.How does Nolan elevate this above other films of a similar nature? I think he says it best himself, when he describes Dunkirk as a thriller more than a war film. He pulls that off superbly.When a ship starts to take in water as numerous bullets penetrate its hull, I wanted to jump out of my seat and cover up the holes myself.The film has three separate stories that are titled Mole, Sea and Air. And we all know where Moles live. The way the narratives of the three stories unfold and how they are all tied together is what makes the film a masterpiece. Much has been said about Nolan using IMAX film cameras and how the film is enriched by this. I don't know. I doubt I saw actual film being projected at my screening. Every frame looked terrific though. So what is the most superlative aspect of the film? Gotta be the soundtrack. Hans Zimmer will win the Oscar for this without a doubt. So , so brilliant. This is not a soundtrack that I would buy at the store and play on my stereo. This is a soundtrack that weaves throughout the three narratives seamlessly and creates this phenomenal sense of tension. There are times when a two or three minute tense orchestral passage plays continuously as the story shifts from the ground to the sea then to the air and the music draws the three stories together. Zimmer's soundtrack reminds me of the way that Bernard Hermann's work was so vitally important in building suspense in most Hitchcock films. Though that description almost sells Zimmer short. His soundtrack is that good.I don't think this is a film that will retain even half of its strength in your home theater. No folks, this is a film that you cough up for an overpriced IMAX ticket and rationalize it by knowing that experiencing Dunkirk in any other fashion will just not cut it. If you read through the swarm of negative reviews, you might notice a common theme: boring, dull, lack of characters. It's incredibly disappointing that they seemed the miss the entire point of the film.This is not a film about heroic soldiers triumphing against all odds while blowing up Nazis with transformer-esque explosions.This is a movie about scenes, not characters. -and every scene is memorable, from the bombings to the torpedoes to the aerial dogfights. My co-worker, who is obsessed with WW2 planes, noted how incredibly perfect they got the British Supermarine Spitfire from the roar of the Rolls-Royce engine to the rattle of the components in the cabin. The accuracy and intensity of the dogfight was captured perfectly as well, mimicking the aerial maneuvers, firepower and damage in a realistic and dramatic fashion. The torpedoes noticed only moments before impact with it's slow monotonous movement sent chills of realization down my spine. Even in the beginning of the film, the way in which the Nazi leaflets were presented gave you some glimpse into the panic and anxiety felt by those soldiers.I felt the "lack of characters" was realistic and served the film as well. War is not about larger-than-life personalities with specialized weapons being bad-asses. It's about nameless and faceless soldiers facing an existential crisis, the possibility of randomized death, and how they can either respond with despair or hope.If you want characters you can root for and a happy ending where the bad guy in vanquished, then there are plenty of movies for you. But if you want a small glimpse into the despair, anxiety, hope, courage, and will of the British WW2 fighters then there is no better film ever made than this one. I am always relatively confident that I'll enjoy the work of Christopher Nolan based off his pretty decent track record, however this gripping re-imagining of one of the darkest moments of World War II stands as not only some of Nolan's greatest work but one of the greatest war films I have ever experienced.Dunkirk does not necessarily tell the story of any one particular character, but rather adopts the event itself as the films vehicle, resulting in an experience which uses its characters to portray the event rather than the event to portray its characters. This is presented through scenes taking place at different stages of the evacuation across the land, air and sea, creating a distinctive setting for each, but culminating in the same final conclusion. This being said despite Dunkirk's focus not necessarily being its characters, I did not find a single character performance in this film lacking or inconsistent with the tone or setting presented technically. In particular Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance and debut actor Fionn Whitehead gave especially memorable performances consistent with the striking spectacle Nolan presents. As is expected with Christopher Nolan's films the visual presentation in Dunkirk has few rivals, the set pieces are outstanding with the use of breathtaking establishing shots to highlight the true historical scale of the real life evacuation. Action is presented in a smooth focused manner utilizing a few precise shots rather than an explosion of two second jump cuts we have come to expect in modern day action movies. There are multiple sequences which portray the pure fear, claustrophobia and disorder present in those final weeks of the evacuation and it is this ever present tension that will keep you engaged for the entirety of the run-time. However it is the sound design which truly made this production a masterpiece for me, delivering one of the most realistic representations of the terrifying sounds of War. Gunfire had a distinctly different tone to other films, being delivered with sharp crack, explosions where accompanied by a deep base and the famous 'Jericho Trumpet' made by the Stuka's presence be constantly reminded and portrayed the sense of helplessness present at Dunkirk perfectly.This is only enhanced by Hans Zimmer's excellent soundtrack embedded across the entirety of the film. Alongside Inception, Dunkirk showcases the exceptional talent Nolan & Zimmer have for combining meaningful score with striking imagery to create a distinctive emotional response from their audience. Through the skillful incorporation of an ever presenting droning base, screeching guitar strings and ticking timepiece the continual sense of urgency and dread felt by those both on land and sea is enforced across the entire film by this excellent soundscape. As a result I highly recommend that should you be given the chance you experience Dunkirk for the first time on the big screen, as the combination of a cinema screen and encapsulating surround sound will leave you with a truly memorable experience. Even though this is a film a majority will go into undoubtedly knowing the final conclusion, Dunkirk is an experience I highly recommend everyone consider, presenting a defining moment of modern history in one of the most technically accomplished and memorably striking ways, Dunkirk will undoubtedly go down as a hallmark in film-making for many years to come. What a Brilliant movie. We saw this on the night of the World Premiere, intense and packed full of fabulous acting... The camera shots were absolutely spot on, and you couldn't look away for a second without missing a perfect scene. The entire score, coupled with the dialogue and videography made this film and I cannot wait to see it again. This review will be mostly spoiler free but I don't want to be banned so I clicked it just to be safe..The basic plot revolves around the 450,000 odd British soldiers trapped in Dunkirk, France as the German troops close in. They don't close in on foot though, instead opting to pick the trapped soldiers off from the air and sea.This movie isn't a propaganda piece touting the glory of British resilience; most of the movie is just young men trying to survive, petrified for their own lives. The threat is ever present, there was a wonderful sense of tension throughout the entire movie. You really felt the cinema shake as the German planes closed in on the soldiers and let loose their bombs and you can feel the thick fog of fear.The enemy in this movie is very interesting because you never actually see a German face. The enemy is just a looming threat and comes in the shape of torpedo attacks and bombs from planes. I read that Nolan spent a lot of time studying silent films and how they built tension which is pulled off masterfully in this movie. Like the movie Gravity once this movie begins there is no down time, they are constantly being attacked in one way or another.The casting for this movie was absolutely superb. Our very own Barry Keoghan had a short role that I would liked to have seen fleshed out more but he pulled it off very well. Cillian Murphy was wonderful as always and played the role of a shell shocked soldier. Mark Rylance stole the show for me and put on a stellar performance as the father who is doing his duty to his country. His bravery never fades. Fionn Whitehead and Aneurin Barnard were excellent choices and I liked how Nolan chose largely unknown and inexperienced actors to mimic how young and inexperienced the soldiers really were during the war.When I heard that Harry Styles was in this movie I figured that it was just a clever ploy to pull in more ticket sales but I absolutely stand corrected. He put on an authentic, honest performance that was very impressive. There's a great scene in a boat where you see how he is affected by desperation and sheer terror that really sold it for me, his performance was extremely consistent.Tom Hardy is a chameleon... Any role he plays he is completely dedicated and immersed and you can't peel your eyes away from him. He has some of the most nail biting scenes and his scenes toward the end of the movie were very emotional and moving.Strangely enough some parts of the movie felt like watching old WW2 footage; it was grainy and real. This movie didn't rely on CGI, it was gritty and honest and beautifully shot.You really can't talk about a Christopher Nolan without talking about Hans Zimmer and the soundtrack. There were some scenes that were reminiscent of the docking scene in Interstellar because the music flowed so well with each scene that it evoked a sense of urgency and intensity. This is a phenomenal soundtrack. The movie starts to a ticking clock and it's only a matter of time until time runs out.There is very little dialogue in this movie but it isn't missed at all. This movie is an emotional power horse. I was genuinely moved a couple of times throughout it and it's one that will stay in my head for a long time.THE GOOD:Casting was perfect, the lesser known actors held their own weight against some of the veterans. The cinematography was fantastic, you really felt completely immersed in the movie. Hans Zimmer's score was Oscar-worthy. The movie will leave you on the edge of your seat throughout.THE BAD:The story line is not always linear which was confusing. Dialogue was sometimes hard to hear (but not necessary)_______Dunkirk is a fantastic movie, it's as simple as that. This should be the standard of movie that other directors should attain to achieve and here Nolan proves that he is one of the greatest directors of all time. The acting is superb and the entire movie is a treat for the eyes and ears. Don't miss out on seeing this in a cinema. From a different viewpoint as this author walked down 101 floors of the South Tower on September 11. Worked for Aon and came away with not PTSD or dust-health problems (I was far uptown when the towers came down). So as I sat watching Dunkirk, the cummulative effect was to virtually relive aspects of THAT day for me. It's impossible to describe horror, fear and what it was like to BE there, or BE at Dunkirk. Many films and books (fondly MRS. MINIVER was the first). Or the heroic dogfights of BATTLE OF Britain. This one - far different. I came out of the theater feeling that I had just been through not only Dunkirk but 9-11 as well. It is THAT effective. The lack of dialogue for a good part of the film draws the viewer INTO the story as a real participant. YOU'RE THERE. Spielberg did it a few times such as the 20 minute Omaha Beach segment of SAVING PRIVATE RYAN but even that film became just a more intense version of the standard war film.Be prepared to have your life changed by this one. It's that damn good. What a movie. This has to be the best way to tell a story. Many people may find it boring as its slow paced. But this slowliness of the movie give the sense of terror which happend in the story. I like how its mainly without any music. Its a simple war story told by a soldier's pov. Its slow, just like a human's life. For me, this movie is amazing as its able to show the true problems faced by those people. I love this one This movie had me sitting on the edge of my sweet the whole way through, it was incredibly engaging. The use, or lack or, dialect creates an indescribable atmosphere and forces the watcher to pay attention. The use of a nearly constant, if not constant sound bed includes the viewer in the experience and allows them to go on ups and downs along with the movie. Christopher Nolan succeeds in the challenge of describing a non-winning subject (a stinging military defeat) and highlighting the spirit of solidarity and hope. An uninterrupted and deliberately oppressive music, a high-quality photography, talented actors, ... two thumbs up!!!! As a sweet euphemism, I'm not a fan of war movies, but Christopher Nolan signs a masterpiece of the seventh art. Utterly stunning in every department. Can't find a single fault with the film. My grandfather was injured at Dunkirk and I wish he was still alive to see this. if it doesn't win the best film Oscar, there's something wrong. To James Cartwright (0/10 guy trying to get his political points across). Did you actually see the film? This is another masterpiece from Christopher Nolan. Brilliant acting by Tom, Mark, Fionn and Harry. Amazing war scenes. When i saw the movie, I could actually feel the atmosphere of the world war. The film is directed and presented perfectly by the perfectionist Christopher Nolan. I will watch this movie again and again. That's how much I liked it. This movie is definitely in my top 5 favourite movies. Awards will follow.How often can any of us say that a film lives with us for days, I've not been able to add that tag to anything I've seen in years. Within the first few moments of this film I knew this was going to be such a film. Most of us will know the incredible Dunkirk story, the fear many would have had I think would have been that the story was sensationalised, or lacking the real essence. All you can say is Christopher Nolan has once again shown his genius, this film is a masterpiece. You have no choice but to feel raw emotion as you watch, feelings of despair, hope, anger, fear, terror, you will feel exhausted having watched this film.The acting is impeccable, every single member of the cast performs to an incredible standard (maybe Harry Styles's character will irritate one or two,) Mark Rylance is utterly sensational, as is Kenneth Branagh, the scene where his character looks up and sees the fishing boats arrive is one of the most moving in the filmThe camera-work is astonishing, as is the music, which for me was one of the most powerful elements of the film, it built tension to enormous degrees.There is a realism in this film which I find quite incredible, at times it's so difficult to watch, it brought elements to life I hadn't even thought of. I can see this being used in history lessons of the future.The only real question is how many awards will this win. See this film, it's utterly incredible. I guess I shouldn't be surprised how many people don't like this movie in an era of CGI, reboots, remakes, sequels, prequels, and generally easy to digest movies/tv shows. This is a real Christopher Nolan movie, not a Batman, but a real Christopher Nolan movie like Memento or Prestige. Watch it a few times. Pay attention to the details. Appreciate the sensory experience.Most of these bad reviews are because the person watched it once and was upset they weren't spoon fed every aspect of the characters and story. There is a ton of characterization and a great story but you have to pay attention. Extremely good movie. Watched it last night and it was better than I expected. Full of great scenes and amazing screenplay.This was by far the best movie i've seen in the past decade. Moreover, it's probably in my top 3 great history movies. I would recommend you all watching this movie, a piece of art. Best movie of year, one of the best movies ever and best war movie ever. Timelines and time sections of movie was made and arranged unprecedentedly. The way that movie was shoot and showing us the story and events is amazing unique and unrivaled so everyone will be excited and Ill give 10/10 because THIS IS PERFECT and you can only rate it 10 and enjoy it. The movie directed by Christopher Nolan and produced by his wife Emma Thomas is extremely well directed. Dunkirk is all about WW2 between may and June , 1940. Excellent Cinematography. Thousands and thousands of soldiers on land, boat at sea and airplanes in air are fascinating to watch. It is amazing how camera-work was perfect . All actors did their part well. All the land events details took place in a week , the ones at sea in a day and all aircraft details in an hour. The scene where aircraft lands on water and is on fire is exquisite. Definite Oscar worthy for Cinematography. Very appropriate dialog and script is fit for soldiers, Navy, AirForce. Superb. Great direction. Good editing. excellent music. 1hr 46 minutes on big screen . Perfect. Very beautiful and an outstanding experience with suspense can thrill your blood out, love it. The less dialogue the better in my opinion and that what Nolan did in this masterpiece. Love his other movies very much but this is my more rewatching movie. (Not so confusing with the timeline) so I don't need to explain to the person I'm watching with😂 I am surprised by the negative reviews. I can only imagine is due to a heroic view of war and Dunkirk evacuation in particular.
The sound creates an atmosphere that matches the occasion throughout the movie. There may not be a classic view of war in this movie, but with every scene, the movie captures the details of the evacuation from all aspects of the soldiers involved: Navy, Army, RAF, French Army, civilians . The fact that the enemy is never visible, bar a few planes and silhouettes of soldiers is very powerful! This movie is a masterpiece! Only if you look with a jingoistic view at this movie you could find faults. Dunkirk was a retreat, not a victory! I guess that wasn't understood by many that keep an Imperial Britain view of the world! The movie is a great homage to the soldiers and civilians of the time and a very down to ground view of the events. I'm not fan of movies about war at all, but some days ago I was impressed by The Prestige and wanted to see more Nolan. There are no gory fights or something that will affectedly play on your emotions. However, it held me in suspense the whole screening. Lack of tough story-line did not let me get bored. The story tells us about thousands deadlocked people. So much as wanting back to home, some afraid of conviction and milksop mark. It is not focused on one main person. We can see the situation from different angels, and I liked each. Also, tired of variegated films, my eyes enjoyed color grading and great acting of the cast that surprised me.I like all about this movie, it literally stroke a chord with me. I can honestly state that no other film has truly given me the feeling of actually being on location, which, in the case of Dunkirk, 1940, is not altogether a pleasant experience. But it's a great, great film. I've never seen anything like it. It is also the most un-theatrical film I have seen to date; it actually comes across as a documentary. The acting is admirably restrained, the dialog all but absent, and the cinematography to die for. The casting is inspired. From the crooked teeth of our main tommy, aptly named Tommy (Fionn Whitehead) to Commander Bolton (Branagh, who always looks any part he plays), everyone could be your average Brit in WW2. No gloss, no glitter. Not even elevated rhetorics: Churchill's speech of 4 June '40 is read aloud from a newspaper, with no gusto and interrupted.Nolan takes the decisive moment of World War II, the evacuation from Dunkirk which was the bleakest hour of the war when it seemed like Germany would win after having subjugated every country in Europe save England. The colossal evacuation, performed primarily by private fishing boats, gave 300,000 men the opportunity to fight again. The subsequent Battle of Britain, one month later, convinced the US about entering the war and aid the allies before fighting in the Pacific, and this was what sealed Hitler's fate.We may be apt to forget how easily the allies might have lost the war – but Nolan reminds us with a vengeance, especially near the end of film when the survivors return to England as they believe in disgrace. They have done nothing but survive. But their survival turned the tide. For the naysayers on the depth of the story, the whole point of the movie is so that you can have an immersed experience in the battle scenes told from multiple perspectives.This movie is truly a visual and sound combination masterpiece. In short, it is a masterpiece that brings out the experience. The movie doesn't contain a lot of the dialogues but shows you scenes of realistic battle experiences which allows the movie-goers to taste the experience of the Dunkirk Evacuation.Furthermore, because of Nolan's usage of real world objects such as the real Dunkirk beach, real destroyers, real boats, and real planes, the movie is second to none in terms of its graph effects. Nothing like those cheap CGI-generated movies.In addition, with the combination of sharp sound of planes accentuated by the dark and ominous music composed by Zimmer, this movie is a master piece that shifts one from situation to situation, watching events unfold from multiple perspectives.In addition, without the dialogue, the movie also doesn't lend itself to propaganda. Nothing like the intertwined love story of the Pearl Harbor. In addition, even though it was told from the British side and even though the cast and the movie producers are all British and Irish, the movie is surprisingly unbiased depicting the competency of both German and British soldiers of the time.Due to these reasons, I'd strongly recommend anyone to watch the movie. Not sure why is didn't win film of the year. Much better than the shape of water I'm currently re-reading Hugh Sebag-Montefiore's "Dunkirk" (which is a fantastic book by the way and highly recommended for anyone who wishes to have a micro- or macroscopic view on the topic) and based on that source the movie is not always historically accurate. On top of that there are some events that seem too fantastic just based on common sense. This was my first impression.Having now seen the movie twice, I forgot and forgave the inaccuracies, went with the flow, and I think the movie is a masterpiece. It is a collage of events from the viewpoint of individuals who in fact lose all traits of individuality when facing the monstrous war. The movie looks beautiful, the soundtrack is revolutionary and the way the different moments in time are sequenced is ingenious and impressionistic. Chapeau! I wouldn't have thought you could make a minimalist epic. But that's exactly what Christopher Nolan did. I never would have thought it possible to make a suspense thriller out of events that everyone already knows the ending of. But he did that too. He's stripped away every unnecessary element; every subplot and war movie cliché until all that remains is the desperate men on and above the beach and an ever growing sense of tension. And it is magnificent.It begins with brief narration, then volleys of gunfire from unseen assailants at frightened men running through the streets. This will set the tone for what's to come. Although dogfights and scenes of bombing and shelling are frequent, we rarely see more than a glimpse of the Germans. Instead we're given a growing and almost palpable feeling of dread; the knowledge that the enemy is massed just beyond the horizon and that time is running out.With every near miss, and with each ship sunk or plane shot down the suspense grows. And no sooner is one disaster averted than another threat looms. We know from history class that most of the army will get home alive, but we don't know if the men we're following will be among them. The effect is almost like High Noon or Gravity in that the viewer is constantly kept on the edge of their seat, awaiting what comes next.Though we see thousands of men and dozens of ships in some shots, most of the movie is almost intimate in its focus. Most scenes follow handfuls of men on the beach, a trio of fighter pilots circling over Dunkirk, and the crew of small civilian boat. We share their desperation and determination, their hope and fear. We see the bravery and sacrifice of ordinary men in extraordinary circumstances, and the cowardice and paranoia of men who have been through too much. Though we never learn their backstories or -with one exception- their names, their actions and their expressions tell us enough.The film's visual aesthetic is as minimalist as its narrative. Long shots of sea, sky, and beach abound, with a single boat or airplane to remind us there's a war going on. Even when the camera takes in the whole port and the thousands waiting on the beach, it only reinforces how stranded and exposed they are. Even the explosions are fairly restrained.The editing deftly adds to the suspense with frequent cuts between groups of protagonists during their tensest moments. There's even a bit of nonlinear storytelling, a la Tarantino. At times the film jumps back and forth between day and night scenes, and certain events are seen from characters' points of view half an hour or more apart. It can get a bit confusing at times, but it keeps things interesting and reminds us that the different actors are experiencing the same events in very different ways.Though very different from the grandeur of Saving Private Ryan or the sweeping scale of Patton, Dunkirk easily belongs in the same class as those masterpieces. It's another hit in Nolan's unbroken string of home runs, and proof that you really can do more with less. The lights dim, the movie begins with a brief prologue, and the zany and incredibly weird opening credits begin, set to a creepy cover of Led Zeppelin's "Immigrant Song." From the beginning, we are in for a wild ride as Stieg Larsson's incredibly popular novel "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is brought to life on screen.Scorned journalist Mikael Blomkvist is called upon by Henrik Vanger, a very wealthy man, while writing a book. Vanger is in search of an answer to the disappearance of his niece, Harriet, which occurred over 40 years ago. He assumes that Harriet is dead, and that she was murdered. He looks to Mikael to investigate her disappearance and who killed her. Then Mikael gets assistance from Lisbeth Salander, a dangerous but intelligent 24 year-old punk who is an accomplished computer hacker and a great contribution to the solving of other crimes. Together, Mikael and Lisbeth go on a dark, eerie journey into a world of crime, Nazism, and corruption that will lead them to Harriet's assassin.I walked into "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" with almost no knowledge of Larsson's novel or the Swedish film made a few years before David Fincher's version. The end result is ultimately an extremely satisfying, brutal, and complex thriller thanks to great direction by Fincher (known greatly for his work on "Seven," "The Game," and "The Social Network"), excellent writing, and an impeccably chosen cast.After only a few years, the character of Lisbeth Salander has become an attention-grabbing heroine that is as iconic as Edward Cullen of the love-it-or-hate-it "Twilight" series. And we can understand why. After all the truly awful and hideous things that have plagued her life, Lisbeth doesn't take any crap from anybody. She may be angry, violent, overtly sexual, demanding, and perhaps a little crazy, but she is a genius at what she does, and has reasons for all of her actions, no matter how gruesome they may be.The mystery surrounding the film is sophisticated and white-knuckling, adding to the intensity and mood of the story and its characters. We're not sure of who is Harriet's killer, or if Harriet is even dead, until the last half hour of the film, and when we do find out the twist, it leaves a stupendous impact.After cementing his reputation in brutal crime thrillers, and surprising us with "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" and "The Social Network," David Fincher was the right man for the director's chair. Every film he makes, even a drama like "The Social Network," sets up a tone of genuine suspense, tension, and fear for the characters. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" isn't any different as Fincher adds his signature touch to the movie.Of all of the people they could have chosen to play these roles, the casting director landed in a pot of gold. Daniel Craig does a wonderful job as Mikael, showing us that he can play characters other than James Bond. With the amount of screen time she has, Robin Wright is also very good as Blomkvist's business partner Erika Berger. Christopher Plummer and Stellan Skarsgård also turn in great performances as Henrik Vanger and Martin Vanger.The person to really watch out for, however, is Rooney Mara as Lisbeth Salander. Getting her big break in the underrated remake of "A Nightmare on Elm Street" and later starring in Fincher's previous film "The Social Network" (giving a dynamite performance in the opening scene), Mara has sealed her future with many more promising and exciting roles because of her portrayal of Lisbeth. This is not an easy role to play, knowing that Mara is the second person to play the character. She must endure two shocking rape scenes and a torture sequence, and there is a hefty amount of nudity involved. Mara embodies Lisbeth, immediately bringing immense intimidation, danger, and fury every time she comes on to the screen. Her eyes are wide and emotionless, almost as if you can see right through her. And with everything that has happened to the character, we understand that Lisbeth has a right to be that way. She may be smart, but she is not interested in attraction or friendships with another human being. Overall, Mara gives a sensational, fearless, dedicated, and electrifying performance that guarantees an Oscar nod.Being released during the cheery time of the holidays, "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is not a feel-good film, by any means. It is a harsh, gritty, and rough cinema trip that answers the question of leaving the kids at home with the babysitter. Also, if you're squeamish, you will not like it. However, those who have read the book, and those who have not read it, should check it out. Even without having read Larsson's novel, I left the theater completely satisfied. It is a movie experience that you don't commonly get. Fincher has done it again. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is a must! Chilling, haunting and relentlessly thrilling, director David Fincher has created the definitive film adaptation of Larssons best seller whilst at the same time improving on the source material. A brilliant performance from Rooney Mara only elevates the film to greater heights The Review:Ill cut to the chase: this is everything fans of the books could have hoped for, its miles better than the already good Swedish film, its more faithful to the novel, in some places it actually improves on the source material.With "The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo" David Fincher has put his trademark darkness to fantastic use. Whether its sweeping shots of freezing, snow covered Sweden or wonderfully eerie interiors Fincher creates an unsettling atmosphere that is unrelenting and technically perfect. With Fincher i've learnt to expect a beautifully shot film and this is no exception, within this film are some of his greatest images. Regarding the disturbing nature of some scenes, Fincher is wise enough to show them in all their horror but doesn't stop to linger or exploit.The performances are perfect all round, Its clear Fincher and the casting production went to great lengths to pick not only great actors but those who embody the very essence of their characters. Of note in the supporting characters are Yorick van Wageningen who plays the sadistic Bjurman with unsettling believability and the always great Christopher plummer who is note-perfect as the desperate, loney grandfather Henrik .- As one part of our central duo Daniel Craig puts in his finest performance, normally cast as the tough hero Craig is more subdued here, he has Blomkvist easy charm down to a T but also captures the weak, submissive aspect of his character. - Lisbeth Salander is a character unlike anything fiction has ever seen.broken,pierced, clade in leather with short black hair and a body so slight the wind could break her, she is horribly victimised but refuses to be one. To sum it up she is one of the most interesting and difficult characters an actress could ever play. I could honestly write a whole review on the brilliance of Rooney Mara's performance, she is the very essence of Lisbethas if the character just walked off the page. Mara commands every scene with a mixture of silent burning rage and a deep rooted venerability. Her eyes are the heart of the film, her reactions are the reason myself and the others around me laughed, gasped and even cried. The character requires an actress who can internalize her emotions yet at the same time convay a wide range of feelings. Mara does this such perfect skill, every glance is charged with deep feeling as if you're looking directly into her soul. A brave performance, Mara bares all in the nude scenes and goes to frankly horribly dark places in the now informous scenes of sexual violence. Watching Rooney Mara is witnessing the birth of a star, this is the best performance of the year and if the Oscars fail to reconzie her i will lose all hope in their judgment. The score by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross is perfect, eerie and unsettling. It is as good as their Oscar winning score last year if not better, its more understated and does what every score should do....improves the scenes not overpower them.This is by and large a perfect adaptation, my main issue lay with one singe sequence. There is a shot that seems to be there solely for the purpose of showing off, it serves no real purpose within the story. The most touching scenes of the film come from the characters themselves, this is a character driven story and none are more powerful than Lisbeth and Mikeal themselves. Fincher makes their relationship the focus and it pays off, they are the heart of the books and Fincher rightfully recognises this. Proving that sometimes "american" adaptations can actually be for the better this is a film nobody should miss...its everything the novel is, plus some. More than anything i was impressed by the humour that is added through-out, this film will make you laugh, it will break your heart and it will make you want to take a shower. Anyone who knows David Finchers work knows he is one of the most creative and talented directors of this generation. He blew everyones mind with his adaption of 'Fight Club' almost 15 years ago, and again with his masterpiece of a film 'Se7en'. Speaking of Se7en, this is probably Finchers best effort since that film. All of his movies are amazing in their own respect, but this one will be one of the films that everyone will remember him for. The opening titles use Trent Reznors(amazing man from the one man band Nine Inch Nails)reinvented version of Led Zeppelins 'Immigrant Song' with Yeah Yeah Yeahs singer on vocals (I think?). This will remind many people of Se7ens creepy beginning. One more comparison to Se7en, is the forensic CSI type detective work done throughout the film. Truly a great homage to himself.Now like many have said, this is not a remake. This is an adaption of a book. I kind of dislike when people get those two mixed up. If I adapted Bram Stokers Dracula into a film, would it be a remake of the hundreds of previous Dracula movie attempts? I digress.David Finchers version sticks closer to the novel than the Swedish version did. I do however love the Swedish version and didn't think I would love an American version more, which I do. There were only two American directors I would have voted for the job, and they were David Fincher or Christopher Nolan.Now for everyone thinking this is a Hollywood adaption and that all of the rawness of the Swedish version is toned down then they couldn't be more wrong. This is at times more raunchy and sadistic than the Swedish version. It is even slightly longer since it incorporates more from the book. There are more sex scenes (for the people who didn't read the book and like that kind of thing in a movie). There is a lot of detailed smart and important dialog. Most of the film relies on the talking and conversations between the characters. Many will find this boring, but dare I compare it to Se7en again? Yeah its like that. The actors and actresses do a nice job and are all believable. Daniel Craig pulled off the role perfectly. If you think about it, he kinda looks like the actor that played in the Swedish version. Rooney Mara made art with her performance as the now infamous Lisbeth Salander. I didn't think anybody could beat the performance from Noomi Rapace from the Swedish version. Both were amazing but Rooney slightly surpassed Noomis performance. I just hope she can work with it again in the next films of the series. Rooney has already gotten Golden Globe recognition and I hope to see her name at the Oscars. I hope this movie gets recognized with the directing at the Academy too. The visual style of this movie is pure eye candy movie art. The Cinematography is also worth mentioning. Even if you haven't read the book or haven't seen the Swedish version, this film is a near masterpiece.The rape scene is there and it is as vulgar and uncomfortable as ever. It will surely have trouble staying in some theaters because of some of the nastier and darker graphic scenes. The way a lot of the grotesque makes you have to use your imagination is also used. This movie will make you think and hate people that abuse women or any type of helpless human being. Many people will walk out on the abusive scene. It is definitely one of the most graphic scenes being released in wide release in the U.S.All in all, this movie is a great adaption that stays true to the novel and doesn't use gimmicks to make money. It is raw and realistic. I ask that if you haven't read the book and have the spare time that you use it to read the book. I'm not saying to let it get in the way of your life, but it truly is an experience worth it. THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO (2011) **** Daniel Craig, Rooney Mara, Christopher Plummer, Stellen Skarsgard, Robin Wright, Joley Richardson, Steven Berkoff, Yorick van Wagenigngen, Goran Visnjic. Filmmaker extraordinaire David Fincher's highly stylized techniques meet their match with the Americanized adaptation of the international best-seller by Stieg Larsson's novel (skillfully orchestrated by vet scribe Steve Zaillian) about disgraced Swedish journalist (Craig nicely underplaying the bookish Mikael Blomkvist) who teams up with troubled yet tenacious researcher savant/cyber-punk hacker incredible Lisbeth Salander (Mara in a truly audacious Oscar worthy performance; one for the ages) after being enlisted as a detective/writer for hire by industrialist magnate Plummer to investigate the mysterious decades-old disappearance of his young relative, a girl who may have met her demise by a nefarious cabal –their family. With a knotty plot involving rape, Nazis, torture and other-things-that-go-bump-in-the-collective night, Fincher keeps a sharply clear-eyed viewpoint : the inhumanity humanity inflicts upon itself in the vicious circle of life's evils unleashed. To wit: one of the most harrowing on screen rapes and the subsequent vengeance thrust upon her attacker, Mara's Lisbeth Salander becomes an iconic character with her ingenious plans and underestimated resilient intelligence. From its relentless Trent Reznor cover of Led Zeppelin's "The Immigrant Song" with its post-BONDian title sequence the film gets its tenderhooks in you..and.never.lets.you.GO! One of the year's best films! I know when the announcement came that they were making an English version, groans began over the disregard for the Swedish originals. I can't say I blame them, how many times have I liked a series only to hear that they're completely rebooting the films. The cycle seems never-ending and it only gets worse when you see the remakes and they're just not as good, plain and simple. Thankfully with this new version, it isn't the case. I've been a fan of David Fincher's since Fight Club but more recently with The Social Network. He just has this way of capturing moments that not only look beautiful, they feel really raw and emotional. This film is the perfect example of that as it follows Lisbeth Salander through her investigation of a multi- decade mystery. Not only is the film perfectly cast, with relative newcomer Rooney Mara, it's a pretty faithful adaptation to the literary version as well, with only a few minor changes and one major alteration fans may not expect. Mara knocks it out of the park for me in this one. I know praise is deserved for original Noomi Rapace but I can't help feeling Mara really embodied Salander. Someone who wasn't a goth but a lost soul who can't connect to others. Daniel Craig plays off this perfectly as the charismatic reporter leading the aforementioned investigation. Unlike the Swedish version which stared Michael Nyqvist, I could really see Craig as the ladies man he often portrays on screen, but it's a hard contest for anyone, so no disrespect toward Nyqvist fans.In short, the movie from start to finish is the perfect combination of great directing, story telling and acting. Is it hard to watch at times? Yes, but Fincher wouldn't be doing the book justice if he didn't include the good, bad and at times, the very ugly that made up the series. The story after all is in some ways more about Lisbeth's journey then the mystery itself. The journey from the powerless to the unknowingly powerful. My advice for any viewer would be to give the movie a chance, even if you're a devoted fan of the originals. This one might just surprise you. Part owner of Millennium magazine, Mikael Blomquist (Daniel Craig) is convicted of libel, but has some time before sentencing and is hired by Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer) to find out what happened to Harriet, his niece, who disappeared 40-years ago and is believed deceased. Mikael hires Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara) to help with his investigation. I believe most movie goers have seen the Swedish version of this movie and are busy comparing notes of what was similar, different and so on. So let's get to it.For my part, I have also seen the Swedish version and it was excellent having watched via sub titles, but I must go on record as saying the US version is just as good but perhaps, more clear regarding the story line. The Swedish version had too many sub plots that had one memorizing them to see what impact they would have on the main story. None is the answer. Differences......there are some. The setting is Sweden, but the currency is not touted in Swedish Kronas, but USD; no accents were heard and they were clever enough not to show us traffic direction signs that were in Swedish. In the Swedish version I do not recall Henrik Vanger purchasing controlling interest in Millennium magazine. Where Harriet is discovered is completely different in this version. Does it matter? No. There were no lingering shots of the landscapes as were in the Swedish version. Pity, I missed them. One big difference is that in this version Mikael tracks down Lisbeth to help in his investigation whereas in the Swedish version it is Lisbeth who hacks into Mikael's computer to give him clues re the disappearance of Harriet as she knows what he was hired for by Henrik. Then Mikael feels she can help him. Does this make any difference to the story? No.Now for the question I just know you have: Who was the better Mikael? Michael Nyqvist or Daniel Craig? They were both excellent and no one outdid the other. But, let's get to the real question: Who was the better Lisbeth Salander? Noomi Rapace or Rooney Mara? Both were excellent, and could have been interchangeable, but..this story made the Rooney Lisbeth softer, more giving. But, we cared more for the Noomi Lisbeth because we wanted her to be softer, more giving and she wasn't. But we still cared more for her. See? Also, the Swedish version had more story face time with Noomi than with Rooney. Both versions had the sex scenes between Mikael and Lisbeth but the US version showed them 2-times whereas the Swedish version only once. In this version, Lisbeth orally servicing her Guardian was shown more graphically and the rape scene seemed to go on longer here than in the Swedish version. More total frontal nudity was shown in this version. Both versions are very good and quite engaging and the differences do not hinder the story, but in the US version things become clearer without the non-important sub plots that were in the Swedish version. If you didn't see the Swedish version, this version will do. But, if you want to compare notes..Now for the question that still remains: Is there another country that will do a remake of this story? England? India? (hey, India makes more movies than the US. Why should they be left out? Huh?) And, yes there are two more stories to this trilogy. Any takers on the horizon? (10/10)Violence: Yes. Sex: Yes, 2-times. Nudity: Yes, frontal too. Lesbian Kisses: Yes. Rape Scene:Yes and quite graphic too. Language: Yes. four F-bombs were counted. Rating: A I stumbled upon the "Millennium series" in 2010, while I was browsing through internet. The cover of the book looked interesting enough for me to place an order for it. By the time book had arrived I had gained some information about the author and his rather unfortunate demise. It seemed quite mystifying to me that author died shortly after handing his manuscripts to the publisher. Any ways, as I started reading it; I knew that I will like it for sure. As it happens with most readers, I too had a mental picture of how Lisbeth would look in real life.For me she was a real character, a real person, whom I dreamt of meeting one day and telling her how awesome she is. As u may have guessed, by the time I finished reading the first book I had ordered the next two instalments already.Then I heard about a movie series based on the trilogy. The problem was where I could find them. Finally I caught 20 minutes of the "The girl who played with fire" Swedish version on HBO.Was the movie good enough?Did Noomi Rapace justify the character of Lisbeth Salander. From what I could make out of 20 minutes of movie,the answer was "yes". Of course I had imagined Lisebth Salander a bit differently but she was close enough. I had also expected Mikael Blomkvist to be a bit more charming. Then came the news of English version of "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" directed by David Fincher, starring Daniel Craig as Mikael Blomkvist and Rooney Mara as Lisbeth Salander about whom I had never heard before. I was Excited and why wouldn't I be. After all Daniel fitted into my image of Mikael Perfectly but I had my doubts about Rooney. Finally the day came when movie released but to my utter disappointment its release in India was delayed. Date of its release was set as 10 Feb 2012.So I was looking forward to that day and reviews about the movie only added to my anxiousness. But fate wasn't on my side. Movie was cancelled in India due to some images in movie which" Indian censor board" found disturbing. What can I say other than, I hated them for it and I even wrote them an e-mail expressing my utter disappointment. Somehow I got my hands on its Blu-Ray version from someplace. Finally came the judgement day. To tell you honestly, how did 2 and a half hours went by, I Don't remember. It was like reading the book again but even better. Lisebth was exactly what I had imagined her to be. Everything was just "PERFECT". The acting, screenplay, direction, music,everything was top notch. I have nothing but only good things to say about the movie. It was an experience worth having. Rooney Mara played Lisbeth Salander perfectly and Daniel Craig left no stone unturned. It felt good to finally see my mental image of Lisbeth take shape flawlessly. I have rated the movie a 10/10 in IMDb, because it accomplished its purpose and much more. I felt so deeply moved after watching the movie, that I sat down and Wrote this review. I am really looking forward to next instalment in the series. Finally I would like to end my review with these lines from the movie... Dragan : "She is different"Dirch:"In what way?" Dragan:"In every way!" OK it may be sacrilege but what ever, sue me! I have never read the book(s) or watched the Swedish version of this movie. My review is from the point of view of, "I wonder what movies are playing, ooh that one looked decent in previews, lets check it out." OK now that that's out of the way.The opening of the movie is in my opinion, just plain awesome! Good music and an interesting visual sequence of dark fluid forming/reforming into/over human form. I enjoyed it and it really got me interested into the movie before it had started.The movie opens up basically telling us that the main character just lost a case as a journalist for writing bad things about some big time hot shot and it cost him his entire life savings. That's it in a nutshell, so he's pretty much down and out. He eventually gets a job opportunity from a rich old guy that wants to find his niece whom went missing like 40yrs ago.We then get introduced to Lisbeth who is straight up rough cut and looks like the type of chick you stay away from. I'm a motorcycle guy so she scored huge points with the motorcycle and her helmet was awesome!(though I don't see how she could have a perfect mo-hawk after taking off a helmet..). We find out at this point that she's a VERY good investigator type that watches people and gets information.Lisbeth to me is amazing. She shows this rough outer edge and you can tell she's always "scheming" in her head, always in control, always 2 steps ahead. Even during the most cruel scene in the movie, she still had the guy, even though it didn't seem that way at the time. you'll read other reviews where people say she was too soft, I don't know where they get that from. Lisbeth DESTROYS a guy that tries to take her purse, Lisbeth is the one that dominates our main character through the entire movie, she calls the shots, directs him and even saves him. The man who violates her, nearly urinates himself every time he saw her after that, not a strong woman?? My Butt!! I really enjoyed this movie, it was nice for once to have a different plot and a entirely different flow to a movie. I have to say the ending surprised me but the more I thought of it, the more it made sense, it's reality and that's all. I felt bad, but it definitely made me want to see a sequel.Go see this, it's an awesome movie! Unless you're like a die hard original person and you only like the Swedish version. Despite any reservations a viewer might have about a prompt English version re-make of a very successful Swedish film still popular in this country - the first novel in author Stieg Larsson's Millennium Trilogy, namely GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO - this version of Larsson's story is immensely successful. Much of that is due to the tightly woven screenplay by Steven Zaillian and the extraordinary direction by one of our most gifted directors, David Fincher (Fight Club, The Social Network, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, Seven, etc). But also the gifts of the musical composers Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross (with a bit of help from a very well placed Morten Lauridson's 'Lux Aeterna') and the bitingly vivid cinematography of Jeff Cronenweth. Add to that one of the finest collection of actors ever to collaborate on a project and the result is a film that is so engrossing that its very long length doesn't seem long enough!Everyone knows the story by now: disgraced journalist, Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig), escapes to an island in Sweden at the request of Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer) to investigate the 40 year absence of his niece Harriet. The Vanger family is as dysfunctional and bitterly cruel an ensemble as could be imagined and everyone on the island wants Mikael to leave. The case fascinates Mikael and he gains access to the services of an associate, the very bizarre and brilliant pierced, tattooed, punk computer hacker named Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara). As they work together in the investigation, Blomkvist and Salander uncover immense corruption beyond anything they have ever imagined. There are indelible characters along the way: the disgustingly sadistic Nils Bjurman (a brilliant role for Yorick van Wageningen) who mistakenly sexually abuses Lisbeth who in turn has her own manner of revenge), the wily Martin Vanger (Stellan Skarsgård), a brief but impressive Dragan Armansky (Goran Visnjic), Anita Vanger (Joely Richardson), Inspector Morelli (Donald Sumpter) etc etc etc. Every role is cast so carefully that there is never a missed beat in this huge ensemble.For those who love the Swedish version of GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO this English version will surely satisfy. They are different but for this viewer the English version is far more memorable. There is considerable frank sexual activity, torture, animal abuse, and there are some gruesome scenes: they add and must be there. Kudos to all concerned. And yes, Rooney Mara really is that fine! Grady Harp I love this haunting, beautiful movie, it is one of my all time favourites and I can't wait until it is available on DVD. Having watched the Swedish version first, I was very impressed and surprised by how good this American adaptation actually is.Daniel Craig is excellent as the journalist Mikael Blomkvist and plays the understated leading man role to perfection. Rooney Mara is compelling as the dangerous and damaged computer hacker and, strangely for an American movie, plays the role with even more perversion than her Swedish counterpart, something I didn't think was possible. The opening credit scene and score is amazing and will stay with me for a long time. Firstly I want to say that prior to seeing this film I had not read the book or seen the original film, so I can't be too much of a judge on how it relates to either. However, I have now seen the original film.I want to quickly say that it appears that most of the negative reviews are coming from die-hard fans of the original film, or people seemingly offended or upset by some of the harder-hitting scenes in the film. I would advise that if you are easily distressed by graphic/violent scenes then this film may not be for you.As for the die-hard fans of the Swedish version, by all means go and watch the film, but think about what you expect from it and also think before you share your bias opinion in a review which may influence whether a reader watches a great film. The big issue with the remake for many is the matter of Rooney Mara versus Noomi Rapace. I personally prefer the way Rooney Mara portrays Lisbeth. I like how she doesn't give a f*** about what people think about her. Excuse the language, but in relation to the character there really is no other way to put it! I like her insane side, which is obviously a consequence of her difficult life. I like her appearance more than I like Noomi's. Mara's Lisbeth is less conventionally attractive which helps to give the effect that she is not a socially "normal" person. Overall she seems more ruthless in this version, I don't care if this doesn't ring true to the original or to the book, it's the type of character I prefer. I love when revenge is at the heart of the plot, some of my favourite films are Taken, Man on Fire and the 24 series. While the main plot isn't focused entirely on this, there are moments where getting "justice" is prominent. Fans of the original may hate me for this, but Lisbeth is a bad-ass and makes a great character this way.Craig also makes a better Blomkvist in my opinion. The interaction between Mikael and Lisbeth is clearly an effort for the both of them, but in this version there are moments of dry humour which I think improves the relationship between the characters. Again, this may not be true to the book or the original, but I think by now you will have gathered that I do not care much for the differences with either, just that this is a great adaptation. Another reason I liked the film is that it definitely didn't pull any punches. Although both films are given a 18 certificate in the UK, the remake is much harder-hitting. I think this is because if you put a rape scene in any film it is likely to warrant an 18 certificate. The remake just took it further and made several scenes more graphic. Now before you brand me as some kind of sadist, I did not get any pleasure from the rape scene in either of the films. However, it is much much much more powerful in the remake than it is the in first, which just enhances the tone of the film and also makes you consider more the effect it has on Lisbeth. She doesn't sit around and cry for the rest of the film, which understandably would seem to be the "normal" reaction, but Lisbeth isn't normal. She goes out, gets a tattoo (presumably to remind her of the incident, which makes you think even more about her past and her other tattoos) then gets cold-blooded revenge.What helps to make the scene so effective is the music. The soundtrack to this film is brilliant in my opinion, it helps to build the atmosphere of the film so much, which I feel it didn't do in the original. The exception to this of course being the opening credits, which where hugely out of place considering the tone and pace of the opening of the film.A lot of criticism seems to be coming from the direction that there are differences in the plot that don't make sense for fans of the original, such as why Henrik doesn't explain to Mikael that he knew Harriet from his childhood. In the original it gives him a reason to stay, he has a prison sentence to be serving in 6 months, without that personal element to the assignment it may not seem plausible for him to stay, as the only rewards for him would be financial and satisfying his own curiosity. But of course in the remake he only needs to pay compensation, so the money he would receive from Henrik and also the information on Wennerstrom are ample incentive for him. Any inclusion of a personal matter would have affected the character that Fincher was trying to create in Blomkvist. At this point I will recognise that I do not speak Swedish, so a certain amount of the chemistry and interaction between the characters from the original would have been lost on me. However, that for me is reason enough for there to be a remake in the first place. That is also the reason that I prefer this film, the language issue is too large to be ignored, and the remake was naturally going to be my favourite because it makes the film and the characters so much more accessible. I'm not denying that the original is a great film, I will be buying it soon and without a doubt watching it several times, but I just preferred the remake much more. So in conclusion, the film is brilliant and if certain people can't see past the differences to the original then that's on them, I'm sorry they couldn't enjoy the film. Two years after seeing the original Swedish films, I couldn't wait for the Girl with the dragon tattoo to hit the theaters. Ever since that incredible first trailer burned into my retinas, I had a feeling this remake wouldn't fail. And not only it didn't fail, it delivered with style, grit and dark edginess I was hoping for. The cast is pretty much spot on. Daniel Craig, with a few extra pounds, gives an impressive and convincing role of a journalist Mikael Blomkvist. Compared to Michael Nyquist from the original trilogy, which performance I enjoyed very much, Craig is definitively up to the task.Of course, all eyes are on Rooney Mara playing Lisbeth Salander - an incredibly complex, solitary and traumatized hacker, who is hired to help Blomkvist solve a 40 year old mystery. Mara is simply amazing in portraying Lisbeth, both visually and emotionally, it's such a believable performance that after a while you simply cannot imagine her not being Lisbeth in real life.Cinematically, Fincher leads the movie with strings of superbly done shots, great dialogs and occasional shocker scenes that will get the hair on your neck stand up. While the run-time of 2 and a half hours may seem long, the time simply flies by and you end up wanting the movie to never end.I only have two small complaints: first is casting Sarsgard as Martin Vanger. While I love Skarsgard and have seen many of his movies, for someone who's even slightly familiar with his work, there will be no doubt about what happens at the end. Second is about Lisbeth Salander character. While I can not praise Mara's performance enough, I have to say that Noomi Rapace in the original movie was more "manly". I know that it may not make much sense, but little details in walking, expressions and gestures made Rapace even more detached from any feminine characteristic. Rapace's performance made me feel that Lisbeth was so troubled and traumatized that she had lost almost any feeling of connection to humanity. For example, I loved the fact that Noomi in original movie had unshaven armpits. It was such a small detail, but it instantly made you realize just how messed up her life is. While Mara is astonishing as Lisbeth, there's no mistake that she's a woman - albeit damaged, but still feminine enough.Many have mentioned violence and some other "tough to swallow" scenes. Honestly, they will make you feel really uncomfortable, but that's the point. They are not gore, they're not glorified and are certainly there for a good reason. Ommiting them would be a big mistake.One more thing - the intro scene is pure audio-visual orgasm. I can hardly think of anything I enjoyed watching more on big screen then those first few minutes.Overall - 10/10. And watch the originals as well. I have seen the Swedish films, yet not read the books. The US version is not a remake of the Swedish version; it is simply another adaptation of the novel. I must say I was very impressed with the pacing and over-all style and raw feeling of the US version of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. The story, whether from the books, Swedish version or US version is quite a dark and winding journey. If you have not read the books or watched the Swedish versions I recommend now starting with the US version of the film. This US version will be the first of the trilogy; The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, The Girl who played with Fire, and The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets Nest.The opening credit sequence, as I'm sure many of you have heard is quite amazing. I loved it and all the work they put into it. It was very Bond like yet encompassed the dark complexities of this story and the film. This film is much more speedy than the Swedish versions. I found the Swedish films to be a little slow at times, which yes builds tension however the pacing of the US version is much more my speed. Very fast and smart.It is a murder mystery film, however it is also about the two main characters and their interactions and working together to solve a murder, or series of murders. I do not want to give anything away as the story and how it unfolds is what makes the movie run so well. Clocking in at 2 hours and 40 minutes, the US version is quite long. However it is a movie which you rather it not end due to the entertaining characters and the intense visual situations which you wish to look away from, but you can't.When it comes to the characters, I found that Rooney Mara played a much better Lisbeth than Noomi Rapace. And the interactions with Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig) were great and at times quite funny. The two of them working together when they seem to be opposites was very entertaining and Daniel and Rooney pulled it off perfectly. As a huge fan of the new Bond reboots I have grown to love Daniel Craig and enjoy seeing him on the screen. He is a very talented actor and seems to give the audience what they want. Stellan Skarsgård, Christopher Plummer and Robin Wright also did a great job, as well as the other cast members. Each character was very carefully cast and bond perfectly to the heart of this film.The story, the acting, the directing; everything was perfect and I must say that director David Fincher is at the top of his game. For those who do not know, he directed Fight Club, Se7en, The Game, Zodiac, The Social Network, Alien 3, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, and Panic Room. The music, the ambiance, and the over-all dark feel to the film was so well done I couldn't believe it. I could not have asked for a better-crafted film. I am quite anxious to see the rest of the trilogy. Right from the start of this films opening titles, I was taken back to when I had first watched 'Fight Club'. The opening title sequence for this film was even more exhilarating to watch than that of the one opening for Fight Club. The rest of the film was a journey into the greatness that has made Fincher films almost a household name by now. It is easy to say that this was better than the Swedish version of this film, and partly thanks to the performance by Rooney Mara as Lisbeth Salander. I can't say that I have ever been more attracted to a character on film than in this one. Even though, she is quite the bad-ass and about as tomboy as they come, I couldn't help but be engaged by every scene she was in. On another note, this is not an easy film to watch. It does contain a scene of rape and a couple acts of sexual assault on top of that. With all these coming together to form something almost as disturbing as the scene from the lesser know film by Gaspar Noe 'Irreversible'. Everything is perfectly shot here as well, and really does have the 'David Fincher' touch, although, this film felt about the least Hollywood-ised of all his pictures. Fans of the Swedish Trilogy will not be let down here. This is about as intense as crime thrillers get, and for those who call this a remake, for them, this is without a doubt the best remake I think I have seen on screen. Nothing falls into place like you think it will, and as the film ends, I felt a knot in my stomach, and wished I could know the character Lisbeth in real life. The score here done by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross is again Oscar worthy after winning last year for their work on Finchers other film, 'The Social Network'. It does have similar tones here, but all in all comes out totally fresh in every scene.Overall, this is easily one of the best films of the year. This could have also been easily predicted coming from me, considering my likeness for David Fincher films. Fincher was responsible for me partly coming to love for films back in 1999 with his film 'Fight Club', which took 1/3 of the reason why I came to love movies in the first place (also in there, Stanley Kubricks 'Eyes Wide Shut', and Sam Mendes', 'American Beauty' —all from 1999) and this film shows that Fincher is indeed one of the best filmmakers in the business today. Great film, Great remake. Seriously, both the Swedish version and the American version were great and so were the books, do not listen to any critics. I know good films, and I know how seldom a good movie comes along among the usual garbage that is pumped out annually, the story is refreshing, the characters are intriguing, and you end up wanting more. I believe this is a very capable franchise, and since the books themselves were so great and well read it would be very easy to give us more into the world of these fascinating characters. You may need to pay close attention to understand it, but it is without a doubt a classic, one of the few that is put out during the yearly one hundred or so crap films. That being said, to the writers and director, PLEASE MAKE MORE. Thank you, from a satisfied movie fan. NOTE: There's been a lot of discussion about comparing the Swedish and American versions, but all I will say here is that they are different creatures with different intended audiences and should in no way be held up against one another. The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo (GWDT) is a stark and gritty movie that stays very true to the source novel by Stieg Larsson while making some minor changes for movie-making limitation purposes. All-in-all, I would say that Fincher and Steven Zaillian do a good job of keeping, adapting and removing the various parts of the story from the novel in creating the movie. The dialogue is natural and flowing with just enough of the characters stepping on each other's lines to add a sense of authenticity to the conversations. Visually, cinematographer Jeff Cronenweth does an excellent job of lighting and blocking the scenes, giving us viewers plenty to look at and providing sufficient visual cues to set the tone of each scene. The score/soundtrack is a wonder in itself, with brooding, haunting music that paints a picture for what we are supposed to expect without giving too much away. Trent Reznor & Atticus Ross weaves multiple layers and sprinkles in some dissonance to subtly affect how we feel about the characters and settings. GWDT is a feast for the senses! Rooney Mara gives a tour de force performance as Lisbeth Salander, convincingly portraying a woman who has lived outside the norms of society and has no love for convention. Lisbeth is goth enough to have street-cred, but precise enough to be a talented geek. Rooney does an amazing job dancing the fine line between tragically defiant and certifiably cracked. I'm sure if/when Mara gives her Oscar acceptance speech she will give a nod to Noomi Rapace for first giving life to Lisbeth and setting the standard for her portrayal. Daniel Craig plays a driven Mikael Blomkvist who is trying to regain his investigative mojo, and at the same time, rescusitate his reputation. Craig embues Blomkvist with charm and a sense of self-depreciation while at the same time showing us that Blomkvist is relentless and unyielding in his pursuit for the truth. There are many good performances by a talented and well-chosen cast, with a laundry list of great character actors who all give spot-on portrayals. Christopher Plummer is a sparkling Henrik Vanger, Stellan Skarsgard creeps me out as Martin Vanger, Yorick Van Wageningen disgust us with his depravity, and Robin Wright (! looking good) is perfect as Erika Berger the lover and business partner of Blomkvist. I've read the books, I watched the Swedish versions, I have listened to the soundtrack for weeks ahead of time, and yet I thoroughly enjoyed the American version of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. I can't wait for Lisbeth to kick some more ass!!-----SPOILER------ One of the caveats that I would give to anyone interested in seeing GWDT is that there are some scenes that walk up to and maybe even step over the line between R and NC-17. The rape scene of Lisbeth by Bjurman and then Lisbeth's revenge on Bjurman are brutal and unnerving. Most of the violence and assault are implied and not seen, but there is enough to disgust some people and I know more than a few viewers either turned away or even left the theater. However, I feel like those scenes are not gratuitous and are an integral part of pushing the story line and character development. Just be warned. Let me start off by saying that I went into this movie knowing next to nothing about its plot. I have never even picked up the book, and I never watched the Swedish version of the film, despite hearing enormous praise for both. With that being said, I was blown away with this movie. First and foremost, whether you like him or not, David Fincher makes good movies. You'd be hard-pressed to find a director that is more meticulous and intricate than he is. In the first hour of this movie, Fincher's extreme attention to detail is almost overwhelming. Not having any background knowledge of the story, I found myself struggling to keep up. I was lost with the story, I was confused about who these characters were, and to put it bluntly I felt totally in the dark. But the story reached its climax and Fincher shed light on it all. The story came together, I understood the nature of the characters, and I was impressed. All of a sudden, a story that I knew nothing about, made sense to me and I loved it. After the plot's unravelling I was totally glued and did not want the film to end. This isn't like most movies. Yeah, it's a murder mystery. Yes, it's a psychological thriller. And of course, it is ridden with gratuitous violence and sex. But it is also a love story. I went home and immediately watched the Swedish version, and I didn't feel the passion that I felt from Fincher's. It's true, Mara is not as "strong" or aggressive as Rapace, but that's what I loved. She's vulnerable. It was a remarkable performance on her part to capture the cold and ruthless side of Lizbeth, but at the same time expose the soft side as well. I think Mara has turned in the best female acting performance of the year, and I hope she receives the credit she deserves.I hope they complete the series because I'm riveted. I went again to only further appreciate the film's intricacies, and I can say that I'm hooked. This movie is well-acted, well-produced, and phenomenally executed. You will not be disappointed. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. WOW!! Watched it 3 times today. After all the simple layer movies over recent years, how refreshing to see such intricate and layered plots mesh seamlessly but subtly coercing the viewer to put forth the effort to really pay attention. For me, I'd have to back 10 years since I saw a movie this good (A Beautiful Mind). The snubbing of it for Best Picture at the Oscars vs. The Artist is as outrageous as Apocalypse Now in 1980. The snubbing of Rooney Mara vs. Meryl Streep in Iron Lady is as outrageous as snubbing Crowe for Denzel in 2002. Granted Denzel is great, but not against Crowe on that day. Granted Meryl is an all time great, but Iron Lady can't compete with a new type of character never seen before in cinema, and made very believable by Mara. This has happened before when movies are made specifically to win someone an Oscar, i.e.- Streep in Iron Lady, Denzel in Training Day, and Nicholson in As Good as It Gets vs. Mark Wahlberg in Boogie Nights which is a very similar scenario in which a never before seen character is made believable by a young actor. Between Best Picture and Best Actress snubs, this rivals the snub of Hitchcock for Best Director in Psycho. First off, the casting was perfect. I wasn't sure if Daniel Craig could make a believable and realistic transition from James bond to an average journalist. And the most impressive factor to this film was Rooney Mara who hasn't had a good deal of limelight other than playing Erika Albright in the social network (also by David fincher). The movie was gritty, realistic, and very entertaining. With a plot that a mystery buff couldn't resist, it captivates your attention and keeps your eyes on the screen throughout all the two and a half hours you're watching. All characters show their personal pros and cons in simple ways that only add to the depth of the story and all things related. To say it all in all, the movie was tremendous and should win at least two of the Oscars it's been nominated for. It's worth going out of your way to see, because you won't be disappointed. The Swedish original of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (Dir. David Fincher, 2011), Män som hatar kvinnor (Dir. Niels Arden Oplev, 2009), methodically followed the plot created by Stieg Larsson to almost the exact word. This Hollywood remake did choose to leave out a few scenes that had been included within the original, but with the film already stretching at 2 hours 45 minutes I can forgive Fincher, as a fan of the novel, for cutting out some of the final scenes from the film. The most unusual and off-putting part about the whole film were the opening titles. They used a very James Bond-esc animation style where both Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig) and Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara) are born from oil. Thankfully, the heavy metal soundtrack accompanying the animation appeared to be the sort of music the character of Lisbeth would enjoy. My opinion of the film was redeemed, as for a brief second I had feared that Hollywood producers had taken control of the film and created an action filled mystery; this was not the case. Every single actor within The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo created individuals so similar to my imagination of the characters within Larsson's book that the film almost became a visual playback of my mind when reading the novel. Daniel Craig played an excellent Mikael Blomkvist but was unfortunately the only person who wasn't seemingly putting on a Swedish accent. The lack of accent wasn't that noticeable but it did make me raise questions as to Mikael Blomkvist's origin. Rooney Mara, in her protagonist debut, portrayed the girl with the dragon tattoo with such charisma that any problems I'd had with Daniel Craig's character were forgotten while she was on screen. David Fincher doesn't always produce films of a high standard, but this one is one of his greats. This movie has unusual protagonists, detestable villains and a mystery that keeps people who haven't read the book gripped till the end. The only warning I have for anyone watching this film who knows nothing about it is that it does include multiple uncomfortable scenes where at least one of the protagonists finds themselves in a situation which is difficult to watch. These said scenes are extremely well edited in Fincher's version of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. They are abridged in such a way to make any of the grotesque scenes within the film more foreboding and uncomfortable. As an example, the first one of these scenes cuts between Lisbeth and her guardian in his bedroom, and a slow backwards zoom away from the door and down the corridor, making the scene more ominous than it already was. Finally, the film does extend to 2 hours and 45 minutes. For someone who enjoyed the novel it wasn't quite long enough as the final scenes within Australia have been cut to reduce time. But, I have been told, that for someone fresh to the franchise the film does last too long, as after the main plot has ended the film stretches on for 20 minutes into a detailed conclusion, similar to the book. In conclusion, this film was definitely better than the Swedish original as it had more personality, fantastic editing and a strong cast. Many will question whether there was a need for a Hollywood remake at all; and while the answer is no, I still believe that when watching this film it provides a more Swedish vibe than the Swedish one itself. The intoxicating acting of Rooney Mara keeps one engaged throughout the whole film, and despite the accent, this film has widened my eyes to the acting ability of Daniel Craig. I guess there's no need to beat around the bush. I'll go ahead and say that Rooney Mara deserves the Academy Award for best actress due to her powerful, yet disturbing role as Lisbeth Salander in this film. Now, with that being said, this movie is why I go to the theater. The setting was perfect, the acting was amazing, the writing was superb, and in my honest opinion, the film clearly separates itself from the Swedish version that many (including myself) saw and loved. It's an American telling of a Swedish novel and everybody dialed it up big time for this movie. Now this is not a movie that I would take a child to go see and I would be skeptical of taking friends to see it around the holidays due to the disturbing content, but it is still beyond amazing. This movie forces you to pay close attention to every little detail when it comes to solving a mystery and the ending is not one you would expect if you had never read the novel. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo shows you the darkest side of people (especially men and I can't go into that without telling you about the film.) I can't say enough about Rooney Mara who transforms herself for this role. For those of you who are dead-set on bashing this film because you love Noomi Rapace as Lisbeth, if you let that go for a little while, you will see like I do, a film that is deserving of every single award it WILL win and consideration as one of the best films of the last 20 years. ALERT: THERE IS CURSING, NUDITY, SMOKING, AND A FAST MOTORCYCLE.GO SEE IT!!I know about the books. I know about the Euro-films. I paid no attention to them.... I went in cold, wanting an unbiased opinion to the Hollywood version.1) Craig played this roll brilliantly. His 007 "stereo-typing" is no longer in question.2) This flick is l-o-n-g. 2.6 hours. Yes, my butt told me it needed shifting. But, this flick kept me wanting more, and I got it.3) Thinking. There are places in this flick where you must think on your own, making your own conclusions. I love this in a drama, I get to play a part, I'm also an investigator.4) Next: THE GIRL WHO PLAYED WITH FIRE. This is a trilogy, ya know.5) Get the LARGE popcorn. I must say that I found it hard to believe that anyone would contemplate doing a remake of this movie. I found the original film to be really unique, very much like a Bergman film, in a league of its own. I read all the books and saw all three movies, all of them excellent.The Nordic feel to the movie is right in your face and everything feels really authentic. The actors are all incredible, Rooney Mara & Christopher Plummer in particular. The action is quite fast paced, with very little time to get complacent.I was on the edge of my seat for the whole film, even though I knew what was going to happen more or less. The ending with Harriet is different from the original. Stieg Larrson makes equally fascinating research for anyone who is interested in the man behind the movie. The photographs and all the research material used in the case file are excellent and add to the feel of the movie. David Fincher is one of the greatest directors of all time. The characters in this film are stellar. The acting, directing and editing is as good as it gets. Rooney Mara is amazing. A must see film. One very cryptic aspect of this film is that on one hand it's about a family of (male) Nazis of whom two were serial killers, but also that the method of the killer is gleaned from the Old Testament and it's brutality and casual yet sadistic methods of murdering women. There are also flashes of Bolshevism, for which the Nazis gained their popularity in Germany for their opposition to Bolshevism and it's blatant genocide of ethnic-Slavs and ethnic-Europeans. The basement scene was my favorite, Stellan's portraial was a masterpiece, the man is brilliant , and who ever wrote this scene's script is a genius.
Great decision casting Rooney, I can't think of a better actress to take on the role.
I'm no movie expert, I'm just a frequent watcher of movies, and this is definitely the best thriller/mystery one I have seen so far. Agent K (Jones)'s partner retires, so he has to find a new one. Street cop Will Smith seems an unlikely contender to join this very special service and help K battle illegal aliens.Barry Sonnenfeld's experience as a cinematographer put him in good stead for planning this quirky fun sci-fi comedy.Men in Black is given life by Sonnenfeld's shot-choices, for greatest comic effect, terrific fun musical score by Danny Elfman, and two perfectly cast actors: Tommy Lee Jones' wry delivery and Will Smith's comic persona make for a movie with some real personality.Vincent D'Onofrio is a memorable bad guy - especially when we don't have to look at his regular face.A few death scenes will be too gruesome for kiddies, but once they're a certain age its bound to be one of their favourite movies. Such terrific imaginative fun.10/10Woman: "You here to make fun of me, too?' K: "No maam, we here at the FBI do not have a sense of humour we're aware of. May we come in?" I'm about 16 years late seeing this, and I saw the third one first (with no need for #2), but I must say that this is one of the most fun movie-watching experiences I've ever had. It was non-stop laughs and thrills from beginning to end. The element which stuck out to me as being done extraordinarily well was the writing, specifically the comic interplay between Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones. Their characters are so different, and yet play off each other so well. Even the smaller parts were well-written and played. Of particular amusement to me was the largely physical performance given by Vincent D'Onofrio as the main bad bug. You can tell he gave it his all with his awkward speech patterns and movements. It really seemed like he was adjusting to a human body, and it was all done with a sly sense of humor. The only thing I find lacking was some dated CG, but considering it came out over 15 years ago, it was fine. If anything it adds to the B-movie charm, and some of alien design was probably influenced by 1950's "Creature Features" anyway. All things considered, it was an absolutely incredible and enthralling viewing experience. It's just a shame I waited so long to check it out. This movie is simply so lovable, and it has affected many people who have seen it. Men In Black has such a nice atmosphere, and it's not gritty and dark as science fiction or fantasy written these days. How many people have seen this movie and were immediately (not entirely seriously) convinced aliens have visited us? When it's a movie like Men In Black, it's so much more fun believing aliens might exist. There are movies that make aliens seem like killing machines whose only purpose is to destroy human race OR they are the kind of wise creatures who are so much better than us. But the aliens in Men In Black are - apart from the villains - almost sympathetic. They seem nice and really ordinary. Most of the charm of this movie comes from Will Smith. He is a talented actor, and his experience in comedy such as Fresh Prince of Bel Air has given him the ability to deliver comedic lines wonderfully. For him they are natural, and while Tommy Lee Jones's character Kay doesn't get as many one-liners, said by him the feeling is different. The character Jay is exactly how many of us would like to be in a situation like this. Of course the aliens and secret organisations are all new to him and he is allowed to be openly confused, but he still seems extremely excited about everything instead of being too broody or too angry like most heroes in action. This movie was made in 1990s, and the effects aren't what we see in the theaters these days, but they are still pretty damn amazing. When we are used to see the extremely beautiful science fiction, something as simple as Men In Black is a nice change. Men In Black is simple science fiction comedy. It's a movie that made me like science fiction, and is still probably the reason I'm not into the kind of science fiction where everything is in space and where you can see the filmmakers tried way too hard. Men In Black has a quite simple setting, quite simple plots and ordinary characters. Jay could be anyone of us, chosen by almost randomly instead of having some kind of great destiny. This is what science fiction needs to revisit. This is amazing. The term "Men in Black" refers to the slick black suits and wraparound sunglasses that all MIB agents wear. Like "Ghostbusters", it's both a comedy and a scary sci-fi movie. The evil alien bug kills seven people: He eats Edgar and then puts on his skin as an "Edgar" suit to pass as human. He also kills: the "Zap-'Em" bug exterminator. A waiter and 2 aliens at the sleazy Greek Restaurant, where aliens eat pierogies. The tow-truck driver and the bug-smashing morgue clerk. All because he is looking for the "universe hanging from Orion's belt", which is hidden somewhere on Earth. Other carnage: An alien jumps off the Guggenheim Museum. "K" zaps "Mikey" the bug-eyed alien. The giant cockroach swallows "K" whole so therefore it gets blow apart; twice. Thrilling CGI by ILM. According to the MIB: The aliens among us include Al Roker, Sly Stalone and Martha Stewart. Elvis didn't die, he just went back to his home planet. Aliens are taxidrivers, pawnshop clerks with heads that-grow-back and tandem bicyclists. Agent "J" has his hands-full delivering an alien baby squid. The agency's headquarters is a huge complex with Rip Torn as the boss (Agent "Zed"). Just remember: there are maybe 1500 aliens on Earth at any one time. Most of them live in New York City and Queens. The secret government agency run by "The Men in Black" is your first line of defense against total chaos and destruction from alien invaders, such as the Arquillians. Terrific alien "suits" by make up genius Rick Baker. Look for the alien bug suit worn in the movie "Explorers". My favorite supporting characters: "Frank" the talking Pug dog and the sexy "morgue queen". "Don't zap her so much, she'll develop brain cancer and forget half of the classes she learned in medical school."-Will Smith as agent "J". The most perfect example of contemporary filmmaking: Best film editing, cinematography, CGI, musical score, sound editing, scripting and comedy acting that you will ever see. Miles ahead of "Ghostbusters". Vincent D'Onofrio (as "the bug wearing the Edgar suit") gives the most convincing performance. He should have won an Academy Award. Note: The MIB music video is not on the one disc DVD repackaged version. Easily the best of the 3 movies in the series. One of the best and most original films to come out of Hollywood in the last 20 years. Director Barry Sonnenfeld takes his unashamedly different approaches to film and comedy into the area of the "comic book movie franchise" genre. The wonderful cast is headed up by the always dependable Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith as Agents K and J, respectively. It is an absolutely delightful film, in every sense of the word. The movie combines drama with humor and action, and does it very well. It is the best film I've seen in the area of achieving these moments of fierce action and real-world occurrences, directly followed up by moments of off-the-wall sci-fi adventure and outrageous dialog/characterizations/body language. 'Men in Black' is more or less three parallel stories running simultaneously, all expertly navigated by Sonnenfeld. We have the background story of the Men in Black agency, being told to us by Agent K and Director Zed (Rip Torn). In a nutshell, the agency has been around for a long time now. It is tasked with monitoring alien activity and protecting Earth's citizens from any harm the aliens might have planned. Smith first shows up as NYPD cop James Edwards, who through a very strange (yet hilarious) set of occurrences, is gradually inducted into the agency and learns the ropes, therefore becoming the newest recruit. And we have the not-so-unfortunate story of a douche bag farmer named Edgar, who is killed but his skin is used as a disguise 'Edgar suit' for an evil alien bug. This bug plans to find an item of great importance to him and to other alien races, so that a certain war between two of these races can continue, and his own race can continue to feed off the casualties - literally. Now, while this may seem like a lot of unnecessary explanation leading to a lot of unnecessary exposition in the film, this is simply not so. The story is explained, very quickly, in just a few scenes. Sometimes, we figure out things as the characters do, other times, we are let in on stuff long before the characters ever are. But the film does not ever lose pace because of these elements, nor does it stop so the audience can catch up with all these goings-on. The film purposefully barrels along at a breakneck speed, and the audience is just expected to dive right in and hold on for dear life. Once this is accomplished, the story is really not that hard to understand. However, if one feels that the story disappoints or just doesn't understand it, then the film is always entertaining just as a great popcorn flick. This would also probably be the case for why small children enjoy these films so much - they may not understand the story particulars, but they like the special effects and the comedic moments. This is all assisted by not only the main cast, but also by several great character actors and actresses, such as Tony Shalhoub and Siobhan Fallon. Whichever way you look at it, 'Men in Black' is a ridiculously entertaining ride of action and all kinds of comedy, and I highly recommend it. Which is not something I can say for 'Men in Black II', unfortunately. Since I haven't seen 'Men in Black III' as of yet, I cannot comment on it in the slightest. I'm hoping it's just as good, or better even, than this first installment. This movie is awesome. They did a good high quality job on it, and it did not focus it all on violence. If you do not like gruesome aliens that look disgusting, you may want to not see this. The only one fact that I do not like is that one of the agents in there cusses a lot. They also do have a disturbing situation in one of the parts in the movie. Luckily they do not show the image of it. I can't wait to see the sequel, Men in Black II. Also, lots of people will say that this is comedy and action. There is not that much to laugh at in this movie. I personally think that people watching this should be about ten years old at the least when they watch this. Put five star rating for this and buy it. This is a movie that deserves to be in your collection. Love both men as actors. As both are really the best duo in this groundbreaking film.Agent K real name Kevin(Tommy Lee Jones) is retiring for personal reasons of his own. Despite his gruff interior is a soft side to him. As he recruits unorthodox cop, Office James aka Agent J(Will Smith).Despite the fact of not following the rules, J is picked over what he saw and seems to be more of a people person than the military people that are also recruits.Jones straight man to Smith's comic foil are an odd but nonetheless really hilarious match. As both must duel with aliens. That are humans in disguise. Taking on Vincent D Onofiro in a pre-Law and Order CI appearance as the antagonist! Fifteen years old nearly sixteen but still, a classic to date! I could have reviewed this film after Men In Black 3 came out, but whatever.I was seven when I first saw this. I remembered the heavy promotion and the music video of Will Smith's resurgence into hip hop. I remembered two things: This film is kinda weird and I want a pair of Ray Bans.Weird in a good way. It's not a conventional sci-fi film. I would go on to say that it's a dark comedy. Everything about sci-fi films is portrayed in such a different tone. It has an unusual blend of wonder, eeriness, and comedy, which you could tell right off the bat with the opening music.I found the idea refreshing. We've all heard of the mythical men in black, supposedly shadowy figures that silence UFO witnesses. Here they portrayed much more light heartedly, as people doing a job. The exposition in this film is actually subtle. The humour derives itself on the fact that most characters are so deadpan and that they're very used to dealing with extra terrestrials. Instead of a film where we're trying to understand how to defeat the antagonist, we're looking at a film where it's just all in a day's work.Another source of great humour is the dynamic between Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith. The grizzled emotionless veteran and the young idealistic new recruit. Agent J shows us the human perspective while throwing in that genuine Fresh Prince comedy.What baffled me is how lowered the scope is of this film. The climax involved the destruction of the earth by an alien battleship and they bleakly made it clear that it doesn't matter."There's always an alien battle cruiser, a Korillean death ray or an intergalactic plague about to wipe out life on this miserable little planet and the only way these people get on with their happy lives is that they do not know about it!". Basically put, we don't matter, we are insignificant in the bigger picture.I remember that parts of this film freaked me out, especially scenes with the Edgar bug. But that has to be the best silver screen villain ever.I loved it and it will be one of my favourite sci-fi films ever. 'Men in Black' is Superb Entertainment. This science fiction comedy gets everything right. It has a solid script, that comes in-tact with humor, style & great action. Also, Tommy Lee Jones & Will Smith, Make Terrific Leading Men!'Men in Black' Synopsis: Two men who keep an eye on aliens in New York City must try to save the world after the aliens threaten to blow it up.'Men in Black' is Escapist Cinema at it's best! It's a complete entertainer, that is worth every bit of your time & money. A Blockbuster hit, 'Men in Black' has become a cult film over the years & enjoys a strong fan-base around the globe among cinema buffs. It's among THE best film of 1997!Screenplay by Ed Solomon is excellent & offers solid entertainment. Barry Sonnenfeld's Direction is stylish. Cinematography & Editing are perfect. Art Design is well-done. Visual Effects are fabulous. Performance-Wise: Tommy Lee Jones & Will Smith, Make Terrific Leading Men! Jones, like always, is marvelous, while Smith, gets his comic timing right & raises a lot of laughs in the goings-on. Their On-Screen Chemistry, is WOW! Vincent D'Onofrio is quite effective. Linda Fiorentino is impressive. Rip Torn leaves a mark. Tony Shalhoub gets limited scope.On the whole, 'Men in Black' is a must watch. Two Thumbs Up! Men in Black is a great movie, especially for sci-fi/fantasy geeks. Several things make this movie work. They are superb acting, great music, and excellent alien visuals. Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith star as two agents from an agency that deals with aliens as Agent K and Agent J. J is the rookie of the group so K must train him to be a successful agent and possibly be even more. They have to deal with a bug who took a dead man's body to find a jewel and deliver the jewel to a battalion just off Earth or the planet will be blown to pieces. The acting is excellent. Will Smith is the best and Tommy Lee Jones is not far behind him. The score by Elfman is great to listen to. I also liked the Grammy-nominated song by Will Smith. The makeup and alien visuals are great and not stupid like most cheesy sci-fi flicks. This is a very good movie! I rate this movie 10/10. Whoa! If you ask me, MEN IN BLACK is an adrenaline pumping sci-fi ride that'll have you on the edge of your seat from start to finish. The first time I ever saw this movie was on my way home from Orlando in 1998. When the aliens appeared, I was scared. This was because of the special effects. Also, the martial arts and special effects were very well done. Now, in conclusion, I highly recommend this adrenaline pumping sci-fi ride that'll have you on the edge of your seat from start to finish to any Will Smith or Tommy Lee Jones fan who hasn't seen it. When you see this movie, hold on tight and prepare to be taken on a wild ride. It's Saturday night and I'm chilling on the eastside watching MiB for the first time as an adult.I didn't see 2019 MiB because it looks like Filth.But this 1997 version was fun and entertaining. The acting is superb and the quality is 100.So I'm not sure why 2019 couldn't take note. The female MiB lady with only 10min of screen time beats Valkyrie actor mib character by 100. The MIB or the Men In Black is a 1997 sci-fi film staring Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones. In the film there is a new agent getting to grips with his new job and goes on an adventure to save the world. It is shot in New York and directed by Barry Sconefield the budget was 90 million USD.I think it is an incredibly good film and would definitely recommend it, and would also rate it 5 stars, moreover I think it is more than worth the money it cost.I think at any time Men In Black is a great film to watch and those who haven't watched it should watch it as soon as they can. I watched this so many times on DVD, I thought I must be sick of it. Years later I just rewatched it and I still love it. None of the sequels can hold a candle to this near perfect sci-fi comedy. Will's best role, and Vincent is one of the best and most unique villains ever. Sadly the series hasn't been great after this, though part 3 is much better than 2. I give out very few 10's but this one deserves it. this is the coolest movie ever created there is a few bad words in it but it was a amazing movie that was funny i mean it i have never seen a movie this good before it is my favorite PG13 movie ever i hope you enjoy this one of a kind movie with Will Smith in it this is one cool movie for all ages can enjoy this is a must see movie for everyone i have never seen a movie that has been this good before i really hope you enjoy the movie this is one super film make this the number 1 movie ever created it is one to watch i like this movie a lot i hope you enjoy it to i think this is the coolest movie on earth i really have never seen a movie this good before in my life it is incredible wonderful magical it is just a really really good movie you just have to go see it Today you want be sorry i know my movies and this movie was the best movie ever because it was scary it was shocking it was funny it was just a very good movie that i know you will enjoy i hope yo enjoy everyone have a great day everyone What a great movie, if you haven't seen men in black before you definitely should.Will smith is a great actor and this being one of his earlier movies makes it that much better. Don't get me wrong Will Smith is great but his earlier movies are so good!This movie was great to watch when I did all those years ago, thought I'd leave a review as its a must watch if you haven't yetHighly recommend!! MIB was just a great all around movie. Very entertaining and fun to watch and is still fun to watch every so often. Very original and a great cast. The MIB 2 and 3 weren't quite as good as they seem to take a step back each sequel as is typical with MIB Int'l being the worst. Those who give this movie a poor review simply have some agenda. How can a man perform like this? Will Smith is the dad of all actors. Watched it more than 10 times and gonna watch it again in the next weekend. No complicated story line. Just shooting and fighting aliens. Brilliant I remember watching this movie when I was younger and I kinda remembered parts of but I kept procrastinating watching it again now because I kinda loved it when I was younger. So finally came the day I finally decided to watch it and I must say even after all these years it's very enjoyable.I want to talk about a few aspects of the movie.The story. ( Easy to watch, engaging.
It's set in the beautiful city of New York where we are introduced to a wide selection of different characters over the course of the movie but this story is mainly focusing on 2 Men in black agents who are here to protect us all from the scum of the universe in this action/Sci-fi comedy. And of course everything no matter how bad it gets has a way to be resolved in the end after all. I don't mind it.
This was a high budget Sci-Fi movie from the late 1990s so you would expect everything to be top notch which is 100% true for this movie. The story is excellent and it grabs your attention and doesn't let it go till the last minute of the movie.
Personally I enjoyed this movie much more than a lot of other 1990s. High budget doesn't always mean an iconic movie who will be remembered even by future generations but this one managed to pull it off.Sound design - (Excellent. When I watched all the fight,action scenes the special effects gave a satisfying feedback in my ears when someone landed a shot or got knocked out. Everything music-wise felt just right like you would expect.)Cinematography (Feels like they thought about everything and it has that Transporter Miami vibe to everything.)Special effects (They are just out of this world and I was even surprised after finding out that the special effects, costumes and designs were made in the 1990s. They still look extremely well in 2019 and I would say they have done a good job and stood the test of the time.)
Overall I think quite a lot of people will enjoy it and very few won't. There isn't exactly too much things to hate about it. Personally, after watching it this feels like one greatest movie 1990s movies so my rating is 10 out of 10.
Would recommend to anyone and it would be one of my first choices from the comedy/Sci-fi genre. Such a terrific film and wonderful storyline. The cast made the movie even better in my opinion. She told me she hated the roast, and she made the roast! Haha, man, marriage doesn't get any tougher. Anyways, I gotta get going, I'd leave my card but they're all in the car. My name? I told you, but you can just call me Agent U. IdentifyThis short hit sci fi comedy at 1hr 34mins this is a marvel film who knew when I saw this in the cinema years ago it was amazing and still is a classic film agent jay and kay, Will and Tommy having a blast in new York are turning of the heat on alien terrorist hiding in plain sight , this film is a wicked from start to finish
as we see jay a cop he has to chase bad guys but only realizes that we are not alone so as kay brings jay to the secret hide out no one knows he shoes of the aliens that have working for them the ray of random alien weapons and big and small the director brings to life aliens that take over bodies so jay has lose al identity and use a special weapon to rid people minds of what they just saw so with a renegade alien called Edgar finding a clue and looking for something he finds an old spacecraft but as the two agents fly up side down in the tunnel they have crickets to contend with goo to clean and babies to which are alien off course and Edger shedding his skin one ugly dude this is hilarious and classic enjoy the dvd has extra special treats for you Movies like this don't exist anymore. Movies that try to break new ground, entertain you and leave you wanting more. The two leads are amazing and the humor that unfolds with their conflicting personalities goes beyond the usual "buddy cop" sort of stuff you tend to get sick of. This had some groundbreaking VFX back in the day and you gotta love the premise of the film. I loved this movie years ago and still love it today. One of the best movies I have ever seen hands down. Yes we all know that MIB (1997) is an absolute CLASSIC FILM!!! Everything about this movie is perfect & i loved this film ever since i first watched it at the cinema way bk in the summer of '97 & always remember when WILL SMITH name came up at the beginning all the girls cheered!!! WOW Will Smith is a super star & I've been a fan since "Fresh Prince" & he's my favourite actor, I've been watching Smith since then & this movie is a huge piece of Nostalgia for me & owns a piece of my movie loving heart along with the "Ghostbusters" films!!!Some films you just love, you can't get enough of it & always come back to a certain or a few main films among a few other's & these certain movies seem to have had a huge impact on me & i mean so much to me but if i had to narrow it all done to a single movie that i cherish the most it would be MEN IN BLACK followed closely by MIB 2 & Ghostbusters 2. My favourite actor Will Smith in his most iconic role & the magical genius pairing of mr. Smith & the Hollywood veteran legend Mr. Jones, i adore both actors & love Rip Torn too, i love his voice R. I. P. All cement MIB as a Classic from the 1990's!!!This is Will Smith's greatest movie & his most iconic Role that will always be remembered & loved & it's definitely in my all time top 10 fave films of all time & it's so enjoyable & endlessly rewatchable, also making this since owning it on video back in the 90's it's one of my most watched films of all time.I think i love this film so much is because it's always been there from my late nights up watching it on video during the 90's & Men In Black became a "Comfort Film" to me & i would put it on so much that it was simply comforting to have it playing in the background & hearing the voices of these guys from like hanging out & seeing old friends again, strange maybe but true to how I've always felt about this film but my love for this particular film has bern resurrected as i loved it as the best film ever i think through the 90's but fell back into my love for my childhood favourite "Ghostbusters" but now i appreciate the "MIB" even more so now as I'm a 35yr old guy who is still a huge Will Smith fan & he's still my favourite actor ever, & i can look at it the from a much more older/grown-up/mature view & i fell in love with this wonderful feelgood sci-fi buddy Comedy even more!!!. Also as an adult i feel this movie is even more special as we're now in a movie world crammed with way over budget & way over the top huge C. G. I bloated films & so my very 90's Men In Black film feels much more relaxed & easy going in flow & much more character based than c.g.i fx based, back then the Alien Creatures were mostly Animatronics & puppets with some c.g.i but now everything is c.g.i mad!!!The Amazing legendary creatures designer "Rick Baker" created everything special & slimey on screen so what you saw was a work of Art & hard work but now it's cheap looking computer fx & often feels soulless.There's too many perfect elements that came together to create this wonderful film & that's why it deserves to be a "CLASSIC" movie & it definitely is.MIB is perfect escapism from the real world. The cast is perfect, i mean the great Tommy Lee Jones partners with the super star Will Smith works perfectly with hilarious chemistry comic timing & the Biggest villain "EDGAR" is one of the greatest villains ever created & that's because of vincen d'onofrios amazing & funny as hell performance. Everything just works perfectly including the comedy & the incredible iconic music & the fun tone & the action & the Awesome creatures, it's truly a CLASSIC & WILL SMITH on top blockbuster form.The 90's was Awesome & this movie was one of the biggest films of that era to impact me & made me love Will Smith even more so & got me very interested in U. F. O's which i believe in as I've seen one!!!MIB is one of those just BRILLIANT films where everything just works perfectly from the amazing cast & special fx & Beautiful music score by Danny Elfman & excellent production design & Amazing script & Comic-Sci-fi tone & all the fantasy elements to the pure 90's comforting cinematography & the lovely New York City setting during the summertime.New York City is a big character for our main characters to explore & for the "Aliens" to try & live normal average lives within the beautiful city.I love the easy watching & easy flowing tone to this movie, it's such a nice feelgood watch & ridiculously entertaining!!!This is definitely one of my most watched films of all time & i think i wore out my old video of it long ago.It's a Classic sci-fi film & one of the biggest & best films of the 90's as Well as an important movie for me as it made such a huge impact on me growing up, i love this film.The main charm of this film is it's pure escapism fun & nice banter-full chemistry between "Smith" & "Jones" & the great "Rip Torn" (RIP) is fantastic as Zed, the hit song by Will Smith has cemented this as a true 90's MASTERPIECE & time capsule of that time. I had the action figures to this film too & the soundtrack Album, oh the memories & Nostalgia are strong with this one.I have massive Nostalgia for this movie massive 90's Nostalgia as that was my era,my growing up years as a young teen & was obsessed with Men in Black & Will Smith.This first MIB movie is truly a Classic & one of my most watched & beloved movies i remember the summer it came out & i remember talking to my friends about it at school it was great times & collecting the awesome action figures & books of the film & posters, so yes this movie has had a huge impact on me growing up just like the Ghostbusters films did too.Will Smith at his absolute best & i love Smith in his great later films like "I,Robot" & "I Am Legend" & "Suicide Squad" & others but his first "MIB" film is the landmark movie that changed everything for this quick rising mega star, his "ID4" was obviously a huge hit but "MIB" cemented Smith as a global blockbuster movie star with charm & quick witted humour,goofiness & yet brave,Cool & heartfelt image, he became a Legend of Hollywood.As much as i Love most of his film especially I,Robot,MIB 2,I Am Legend, ID4,Bad Boys,Enemy of the State,MIB 3,Suicide Squad, Wild Wild West, Bright & Aladdin among other great films it's his 1997 first Men in Black film that i mostly come back to or well along with MIB2, as this is the most iconic Will Smith on screen as Agent J & it's such a good character & his MIB performance & work i think will be what Will Smith will be remembered for mostly within the movie world. A perfect blend of sci-fi Action & buddy Comedy, so thank you "Barry Sonnenfield" for directing this masterpiece!!! I could be Happy watched this movie everyday of my life, i wouldn't get bored & it wouldn't still Cheer me up & make me laugh. One of my favourite movie's of the 90's is "MIB" & my favourite movie of the early 2000's is "I,Robot" these flicks are important to me as a film lover & geek.Will Smith was a childhood hero of mine from his "Fresh Prince" days & has remained my hero still today!!!There's lots of actors that i love & grew up watching & are also hero's to me (Eddie Murphy, Schwarzenegger, Estevez, Aykroyd, Chase, Roy Scheider, among others) but it's Mr. Smith that has had the most important impact on me throughout my life. The world is definitely a little bit better with Will Smith in it with us. Nowadays we keep forgetting how beautiful blockbusters can be. Too much CGI makes everything possible and therefore very often also arbitrary. In Raiders you actually seem to feel the physical pain some of the actors/stuntmen had to go through to provide 2 hours of pure entertainment.Of course the story isn't waterproof, the Nazi weren't that present in Egypt in 1936 and how did Indy survive that ride on the submarine again? But lots of good and variable action scenes are accompanied by a story that develops fast and excitingly and is always close to being implausible but luckily never is. Spielberg, Lucas and most of all Harrison Ford created a hero that is nowadays iconic. With their attempt to make an homage to adventure comics of the 1930's they created their own legend. It's funny, exiting, thrilling and romantic. What more can you ask for? This movie has it all, action, romance, comedy, giant boulders and occult seeking Nazis. Story conceived by George Lucas and screenplay written by the same guy that wrote Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi. If that doesn't sell it, then look no further than Steven Spielberg because he directed it. Awesome movie all around and definitely a genre classic. An absolute must see for any movie fan that likes fun. It is a hot sunny day in South America. We see a bunch of men, shot mostly from the back. They are walking deep into the forest. We see a tall dark figure. He is wearing an old leather jacket, he has the 5 o'clock shadow looking like it's closer to midnight, he wears a fedora and he carries a bull-whip ( yes a bull-whip ). Finally, two of the men enter a cave and we hear about some guy named Forstall, who was good, very, very good, but he never came out of the place alive. But they enter anyway. They are confronted with tarantulas, spears that are triggered by blocking out the light, a pit that they must swing over and then more tiny poisonous darts that come out of the wall. All this to protect an ancient gold statue. They recover it. One guy dies and the other barely makes it out of the room before it all falls on him. Then he has to get out of the cave and a giant boulder chases him. Finally he makes it out of the cave only to be surrounded by Hovitos and his arch enemy named Belloq. He takes the gold statue that this guy worked so hard for and then the guy runs and makes it to the plane where he is in the passenger seat and there is big snake in the plane. He hates snakes. This mans name? Indiana Jones!Whhhoooooo!! I'm left breathless just describing that opening. But is there a better beginning of a movie ever? Absolutely not. Does the beginning have anything to do with the rest of the film. No. It is all decoration for what the movie is going to put you through in the 90 minutes to come.Indiana Jones is the best character to ever hit the screens. And he better be. He is created by George, Steven and played by Harrison Ford. That may seem normal now that we have lived with him for 20 years, but can you imagine what that must have been like back in 1981. That would be like Tom Hanks or Will Smith joining forces with James Cameron and Steven Spielberg for a completely original idea in today's terms.Raiders took a simple idea and maybe an idea that the guys had from watching Saturday afternoon movies and made it larger than life. This film never stops for you to take your breath. It is filled with rich characters from Indy himself to Marion to Belloq and even to Marcus Brody. Each has their own personality that shines through in certain scenes. Some of my faves were when we first meet Marion having a shot contest in her bar in Nepal. Then there is her scene with Belloq and they get drunk together and she tries to leave using only a butter knife. And of course who can forget Indy's battle with the swordsman and his unrivaled determination to get the ark. " Indy, there is not time. If you still want the truck it is being loaded on a truck for Cairo. " ( a battered and bloody Indy ) " Truck? What truck?" ( and then later ) "Get some transport back to England, boat, plane, anything. Meet me at Omar's. I'm going after that truck. "Sola ) " How? " ( Indy ) I don't know I'm making this up as I go."Raiders has more energy than three action films. And that is what makes it the classic that it is. If you like movies, then Raiders is a movie that will not let you down. It is pure entertainment and that is indisputable. It finds the youngster in all of us and bombards us with this silly, whip-cracking, average, incredibly determined archaeologist and only asks us to have fun. And that we do. And to me, the only reason that Chariots of Fire won best picture that year is because it is a serious film. Raiders was heads and shoulders above Chariots and it should have cleaned up at the Oscars in 81. But more politics with the academy.Raiders of the Lost Ark is the epitome of entertainment. What more can be said about it. If you haven't seen this movie in a while or if you haven't seen it at all ( gasp ) then do yourself a favour and rent it tonight. It is awesome.TRUST ME I remember seeing this movie when I was young, and it may well have been in the cinema with my Father, I can't quite remember (if he does, then please post the answer), anyway I do remember seeing it and being thoroughly entertained and that feeling of excitement and total fun staying with me to this very day as that is the feeling that the movie conjures up whenever I think of it.I think a part of that is down to the fact it's a complete retake on the old serial movies combined with obvious comic book style, and that is just perfect for kids and appeals to them no end, or rather it did then! So it was with excitement that I opened my presents on my birthday and found the boxset for the Indiana Jones Trilogy, and with even more excitement when I finally watched the first in the trilogy, Raiders of the lost Ark.It was just as I remembered, fun, excitement, wise cracks, a tiny splattering of romance but with a manliness that kids would allow, and lots of stunts and action. It's a superb movie and captures that style of serials, adventure stories and comic books perfectly, how I know that for sure is only through repeats since I wasn't alive during those times.The set pieces are fantastic, and although some of the wilder end sequences are slightly dated now, it hasn't lost the excitement factor. It's a perfectly crafted movie as well, moving from location to location without any distraction or superfluous scenes, it just feels like it's all there for a reason and that it belongs there.Harrison Ford is excellent in the role, and I'm inclined to think he was more Indy than he was Solo, but that's a personal opinion. He has many more facial movements and voice inclinations in this early movie than he does nowadays, now he belongs to the moody, quiet school of acting, then he was dynamic, adventurous, strong and as wisecracking as the best of them.There are some excellent movie making moments in this with George Lucas and Steven Spielberg showing talent galore just oozing out of every pore (where did all that go for Star Wars I to III Mr Lucas?), and they end up making an excellently entertaining movie.Some could argue that there could be a bit more depth or seriousness to the story, but come on, it's a ripping adventure yarn, you don't need depth. Saving the Ark from the Nazi's, surely that's enough! An excellent movie and great fun too, without a doubt one of my favourite of all time. This movie has everything: action, a good cast, humor, a wonderful soundtrack (John Williams) a good pace and a good script. I watch this movie like 2 or 3 times a year and it still fascinates me. Thank you for this masterpiece mr. Spielberg! They don't make movies like this anymore! If you've seen this movie and heard the score, then my one line summary won't read like a mating call for sheep, but rather the absolutely exhilarating "Raider's March" which stirs my blood and makes me think of an unforgettable hero, Indiana Jones. If not, see it now.I love going to movies. I always have. I remember when this film came out. My friends had seen it before I had. They boasted it was great, the best film ever. Some even said it was better than Star Wars (utter blasphemy to a devout 10 year old Jedi-wannabe). I thought no way is this film better than Star Wars, but I was still curious and began the begging of my father to take me.When I was young, almost all of the films that I had seen, I saw with my Dad. He would take me and my mother would stay at home with my siblings. We saw a number of films that failed to generate a reaction with him as they did with me, but this one was different. This one, my Dad might've enjoyed just as much.Who can forget the scene where Indy faces bandits in the marketplace, fighting swords with his wits and fists, only to be finally challenged by a dark robed adversary brandishing a heavy, dismembering type of sabre as he swings the impressive blade about his head menacingly?Indiana looks his opponent up and down briefly and draws his pistol casually and shoots the villain dead as if his patience had been tested a moment longer than he could tolerate.My father, and the entire audience for that matter, laughed and cheered at this incredible scene. And it was the first time I'd actually been aware of his enjoyment of the film. Usually I'm so transfixed that I wouldn't notice if my legs were on fire. He enjoyed it so much, that he still tends to bring up that scene, even today.My father and I shared a great moment in movie history, and I will never forget it for as long as I live. I will always be grateful for the time we spent together and the films that I otherwise would have been unable to see without him taking me.Just a side note about the scene I've described above. It wasn't meant to go that  way at all. As Steven Spielberg explained in a television interview, the scene was meant to have an elaborate fight sequence, but Harrison Ford was suffering from diarrhea and couldn't go through with the elaborate set-up required. Someone said, "the only way we can finish this scene today is if he shoots him". Steven said, "Wait a minute, we might have something there."As for where it ranks with Star Wars, it's hard for me to say, so I won't. Star Wars was the first film I ever saw, and there's a story in that as well. Thanks again, Dad. Raiders of the Lost Ark, the first of the Indiana Jones trilogy and definitely the best. This movie redefined what an action adventure movie could and should be. After the epic Horror Adventure that is Jaws comes the epic action adventure, Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark. This movie easily deserves 10 stars for it's sheer innovation, directing, visuals, and entertainment ability. Here's why. Harrison Ford is a perfect choice for the awesome hero, Indiana Jones. An archaeologist who dreams of fortune and glory, he embarks on an adventure to find the Ark of the Covanent and save it from the Nazis. Harrison Ford is perfect in this role and it's so refreshing to see a badass hero that everybody can root for simply because he's awesome and embodies everything we want from an adventurer. Every moment of him is simply cinematic gold and it makes him shine against everyone else, even himself as Han Solo. That's not to say that the supporting actors aren't great, they are, but he's the main character and he steals the show which he should. Steven Spielberg really went out of his way with this masterpiece. The practical effects and stuntwork isn't just phenomenal, it's almost godlike! The action is jaw dropping in its awesomeness to the point where it almost doesn't even look like a movie, it looks like a portal into somebody else's universe: Spielberg's universe. What visual effects that are used are so good that it makes modern day action flicks look like stupid college projects that got F's. Michael Bay ain't got nothing on Golden Age Spielberg! Every scene screams with action and it just gets better and better all the way through but it never forsakes the story in place of action. Modern day directors need to take notes from this movie. Once somebody watches this movie, you soon find yourself in a trance in which you can never get sick of it. Nobody can get sick of Indiana Jones, it's not possible. Go watch this movie and you will be very pleased. Or just listen to the Golden John Williams music, that works too. Absolute perfection from start to finish,pulls you in and doesn't let you go til it's over.. in my top 5 movies of all time. There are few movies I can watch over and over again, but this is one of them.  This movie has it all: action, romance, comedy, and suspense. Harrison Ford is at his best as Dr. Jones, one of the most exciting archeologist ever.  From the start to the end you are hooked to this movie. I love the opening when he as to dodge traps as he tries to get this treasure, I love it when he is running through the streets trying to save the girl, I just love every bit of it.  Spielburg said he wanted a b-type movie like he remembered from his youth, but this far surpasses any b movie and any a movie as far as I am concerned. This film had a huge impact on my life. It (as well as Aliens) really introduced me to the films I love. The 80s and 90s were amazing for film while I was growing up. I love all the practical effects and wish they were still used a lot more than they are but cgi has taken over. Oh well. At least it has improved drastically over the years. Anyway, I feel like everyone should see this in their life and if you haven't....get on it There are only so many films in history that I can watch again and again, gaining new appreciation for, one of them is this film. I went from the movies to VHS, and finally to DVD. The availability and quality of this film keep raising the bar of what I can get from it.I read someone posted that this is the king of B movies or something of that sort, while I honestly think in some scenes like when Indy is running from the Hovitos and he rises over the hill, the film had a really strange documentary feeling, like if a comic actually came to life and like in the Twilight Zone, you were stuck in it. It is great to see this film, now that I edit and produce small independent films, and have worked in post production in Los Angeles. I honestly think almost every scene in this film is better than what's coming out today in sci-fi/adventure. I might pull back that comment in regards to some nice visuals in Riddick, and maybe the new Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith, but I'm not certain.The amount of time and effort put into the comedy, adventure, and depth of each character dazzles me because I really can't tell it was filmed the same year Fame was. It really has a unique look to it. The key lighting in the piece is amazing, almost everything looks like it was perfectly worked out.My only complaint is the attempt to visualize the opening of the Ark, as most of the other scenes don't deal with the supernatural except maybe a burning crate with a nazi symbol on it. George should redo that last scene in my opinion, and tighten it up, because I really think it wasn't coming together, however when I was a child it was so amazing and scary realistic. It's all perspective, but my point it that now in this modern filming era, the acting and film production is holding tight to this day.I forward you to just enjoy this film and look for things like formulas on chalkboards, skeletons in classrooms, proper patches on Nazi gear, gun accuracy. Research the film's era and background, and it only gets better. That's the ability that Spielberg and Lucas have, attention to detail and clever twists on most of their bodies of work.Watch this film again, it's worth it, I promise you. What can I possibly add to what has already been written? This film is a "masterpiece". It's placed in quotations because that word is bandied about on here for films that aren't fit to lace this movies' boots. This movie should be preserved for all eternity as a template on how to make an incredibly entertaining and wonderful film, and as I said earlier, there isn't much I can add to what has already been said about Raiders. Let's just say that there are only so many films I plan on introducing to my children when they get old enough and this film is amongst that list.
Harrison Ford was amazing in the titular role, and the supporting cast added immense scale and brevity to the work HF was doing as Indy.
Spielberg and Lucas created a character and movie for the ages.Keep an eye out for one of the most iconic film sequences of all time as well!Make sure that you give this film the rating and love it deserves. Thank you for reading! It's great. It's amazing. It's well-made. It's exciting. It's a movie I can watch countless times and never get bored of it (I have seen it several hundred times but can't count how many exactly). Simply, it's the quintessential action movie! One with a amazing story, super-cool hero, great bad guys, and awesome settings. There's not much else to be said...just watch it! The Indiana Jones series was the best series ever made, in my opinion. It was extremely fun and enjoyable to watch and it can be watched repeatedly, with no lesser joy. Harrison Ford as Indy is extremely charismatic, like Han Solo, but the character of Indiana for me has an essence that creates a more likable character (modesty, I think) and by doing that, it creates a better trilogy for me, indeed surpassing the Original Star Wars Tilogy (don't get me wrong I love Star Wars as well).Raiders is such a great film, containing some great action scenes (the Truck scene) and creating Indiana Jones, which is the best adventure hero ever made, partly I think due to Harrison Ford (I don't think these movies would have been as good with Tom Selleck). Well, we all know that this is the greatest of the four so far. What an excellent story and an introduction to archeology that my generation will never forget. Tomb Raider will have had the same effect on the next generation, while Time Team simply passed us all by.There's no way I can't review this film without calling it epic. Not in the traditional overly long film about Jesus or a Great War sense, but in the fact that it just gives so much to the audience.
I must have seen it twenty times at least, it's generally a tradition to watch them all starting on Boxing Day, I'm a bit late this year, but I still forget elements about this one, because there is just so much squeezed in, without compromising on the story or the characters.Indy is brilliant, the typical hero. Mild mannered and a bit of a clueless teacher during term time and a whip cracking archeological genius on his days off. Harrison is superb in this role, we know from 'Star Wars' that he plays the scoundrel well and his roguish charm isn't lost here either.
Marion is certainly the least annoying of his female companions. There's far less screaming than the blonde and loyal, despite their history.
Marcus Brody is played so very well by Denholm Elliot and I love it when we get to see more of his character in the third instalment.
Jonathan Rhys-Davies is great as Sallah too. He has a real presence on film and once again his role gets further explored in 'The Last Crusade'.
The other members of the cast all do a great job as well. I think it's brilliant that Pat Roach gets to appear in all of the first three films and although only a small part in each, he gives his best every time.The story is excellent, a real journey across the map to chase treasure by plane, car and boat. Which child of the 80's wouldn't find it exciting to watch this film? I know other generations that enjoy it too - older and younger. The action is new and fresh and you really route for Jones as he suffers the odd setback here and there, but wins out in the end.I still can't find the C-3PO and R2-D2 references in the hieroglyphs, I think you'd have to watch it a frame at a time to find them and I just don't have that time to spare.It's quality is obvious as it has been parodied everywhere from Family Guy and The Simpsons to a Terry's Chocolate Orange advert.I'm not looking forward to the next film as much. It is the weakest of the four (Yes, I like 'The Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull'), but it does hold a certain nostalgia about it.I think I could watch every film ever made in the next 40 years and still include 'Raiders' in my top 100. I can watch this movie 1000 times and I won't get bored. Watch - and enjoy! What are all those freakin' bulls**t reviews with 7 stars and less?
Especially 1 or 2 stars? Persons who recommend garbage movies like The Mummy or Tomb Raider instead of this instant classic!
I consider them NOT to be cineasts and not to have any clue of filmmaking.Why is INDIANA JONES a classic character? Well, you see it in the first minutes of this one. It is simply one of the best and coolest introductions of a main character.
And hands down, Harrison Ford is so much better than all other "Adventurers", because he is charismatic, charming, cool and smart.RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK still is an cinematic experience. Not this rubbish modern CGI, shaky cam garbage, causing headache to normal thinking people.RAIDERS has a very good cast, with Karen Allen, Paul Freeman (especially him), Ronald Lacey, John Rhys Davies and Denholm Elliott.
One of John Williams' best scores! A soundtrack lke this one (or the Bond movies in the 60s, 70s and 80s, Rocky, Star Wars etc.), you won't find anymore.
These were the times were a soundtrack had tunes to remember and not just loud, dumb and monotone sounds.
Legendary composers like John Williams, Ennio Morricone, John Barry, Bernard Herrmann or Jerry Goldsmith.
The cinematography, by another legend Douglas Slocombe, is just fantastic. Real sets, real locations, suspense and humour...and not humour of the silly sort like half of the MCU or The Mummy, because Indiana Jones is a serious character with a lot of irony, but he knows his situations and doesn't dance in front of the baddies in a very serious and dangerous situation (just fpr some lame, silly laughs). At the time this movie was first released, I saw a lot of movies. I pretty much saw every new release as it came out.So, I went to see Caveman (was I the only one who saw Caveman?) and it was billed with a Sneak Preview. The Sneak Preview was unnamed. If you can believe it, I sat through Caveman and made it to the Sneak Preview. I am glad I did. Raiders of the Lost Ark was the Sneak Preview and I was able to view the film before anyone even knew about it. It is a great movie with tons or drama, action, special effects and even Nazis. This movie has everything. It is a real treat. Watched this finally and during quarantine of all times with family I really enjoyed it keen to watch the sequels. Great thrill ride from start to finish with Ford and Allen perfect in the lead roles. Full of ingenious cliffhangers and iconic set piece scenes. One of Spielberg's finest films. Imitated but never bettered. Indiana Jones( Harrison Ford), a famous archaeologist and professor is hired by the government to find the Lost Ark of the Covenant. He talks to Marcus Brody( Deholm Elliott) before embarking on his quest, knowing he must discover the headpiece that will help him in his discovery. He travels first to Nepal to obtain the Medallion( staff of Ra) which will help him uncover the Well of Souls. While there he meets Marion Ravenwood(Karen Allen). She own a bar and is a hell of a drinker. Indy asks her about the piece and offers her 5,000 dollars for it. She tells him to come back tomorrow, and he leaves. Once he leaves she meets Toht( Ronald Lacy) and his crew of thugs. Marion tries to play it cool; but things start to heat up- literally. Soon Indy appears and a huge gunfight begins as well as a fire. After the destruction of Marion's bar she tells Indy she's his partner until she get's her money and shows him the piece .Indy and Marion take a Pan Am flight to Cairo; and along the trip unnoticed is Toht. Once there they meet Sallah( John-Rhys Davis). He tells Indy about Bulloq( Paul Freeman)a French archaeologist , who is in the area looking for the Ark. While in Cairo chaos ensues, and Marion appears to have been killed. Indy is upset and vows to get Bulloq, while there. Indy shows Sallah the Medallion and asks Sallah if he can find a translator to translate the markings. Once translated they realize Belloq and his crew are digging in the wrong place. Indy and Sallah go to the Tanis area and blend in perfectly. There Indy discovers that Marion is alive and well, but is Belloq's prisoner. Indy and Sallah break away from the crew and find the Well of Souls. Sallah is Indy's look out while he descends into the Well. He puts the The Medallion on the staff, and uncovers the Ark, but Belloq discovers him. He along with Marion are trapped down there. In order to escape they have to fight the numerous snakes, various booby traps, and the discovery of skeletons. Once they find a way out there next challenge is an out of control plane. Belloq discovers the chaos and realizes Indy has escaped.Sallah finds them and with the help of an old navy friend Sallah gets them aboard the ship The Bantu Wind. Once at sea Indy has a plan to follow to out Belloq is taking the Ark. Indy needs to find where the Ark is being taken.Once a Nazi submarine surfaces, looking for him Indy boards it and discovers he is on his way to a secret Nazi island. Indy discovers they are planning to have a ceremony to uncover the power of the Ark. Indy follows them and finds out Marion is their prisoner. Indy follows them buffing about blowing up the Ark if he doesn't get Marion back. When he is discovered he among Marion are Belloq's prisoners. They are tied to a pole and Indy tells Marion to keep her eyes closed to avoid the power of the Ark. Belloq and Toht continue with the ceremony, not knowing what they are about to embark on. Once the Ark is open, a power is unleashed. It is so strong it leads to Belloq, Toht's and the audience of Nazi's to there demise. In the end the Ark is recovered and is stored in ta huge warehouse.A great movie with an outstanding story, a great cast, and best of all Harrison Ford. Harrison Ford Is Indiana Jones! One of the most iconic heroes in movie history. You got George Lucas fresh out of episode 5, you got Steven Spielberg with movies such as Jaws to his name and you got Harrison Ford who by the time Raiders had come out he was already a household name. I think that--is a formula to success. The first entry in the Indiana Jones franchise, Raiders Of The Lost Ark is a good example of a classic adventure movie. In this film, Indiana Jones, an archeologist, has been sent to recover the Ark of the Covenant before the Nazis can dig it up.The film is amazing. Harrison Ford does an amazing job as Indy, and Karen Allen did a good job as Marion Ravencroft, the female lead. Also, the film has some good special effects (like the famous scene where Indy has to outrun a boulder, and the ghosts that appear when the Ark is opened, causing the villains to die gruesome deaths). This is a movie that should be checked out. Steven Spielberg is back, better than ever! After the dismal failure that was 1941, the acclaimed director teamed up with George Lucas, coming off his Star Wars fame to create one of the most memorable heroes of all time. Raiders of the Lost Ark is my favorite movie from 1981 and is in my top 20 films of all time. This movie gives everything you could ask for. Strong, memorable characters, witty dialogue, fantastic set pieces, exotic locations, great action, and a John Williams musical theme you could never forget. Indiana Jones is my favorite fictional hero and this movie is the example why I believe that.This movie has fascinating origins. George Lucas was writing this movie the same time he came up with the idea for Star Wars. He decided to pursue his space adventure instead to great success. In 1978, while on vacation in Hawaii, he ran into Steven Spielberg, who was coming off Close Encounters of the Third Kind. Spielberg expressed his idea of creating a James Bond movie. Lucas showed him his character, which was named Indiana Smith at first, thus creating a collaboration which would lead to this movie and two sequels and a prequel. The film also takes influence from the works of Edgar Burroughs Rice, 1930's serials, and a 1950's comic about a globe-trotting duck named Scrooge McDuck.This movie really has it all. With Spielberg and Lucas at the head, screenwriter Lawrence Kasdan joined the project to help polish the script. Together they created memorable heroes in Indiana Jones, an archaeology professor who travels the world to protect or find ancient artifacts and his former girlfriend Marion who is strong female character who is able to protect herself. For villains, we have the horrible Nazis, drunken Sherpas, Frenchmen making alliances with the Nazis, and Jones's favorite animal, snakes! He hates snakes! For locations: we have the sands of Egypt, abandoned submarine bases, the jungles of Peru, the mountains of Tibet, and so forth. If you want a travelling experience from your own living room, look no further than this movie.I was impressed with the plot. The plot is simple and really is a framework for all the impressive action scenes and stunts there are. But in the end, everything is coherent and makes plenty sense. It is the year 1936. Indiana Jones (Harrison Ford) learns from his good friend, Brody (Denholm Elliot) that the Nazis are searching for the Ark of the Covenant, a golden casket that was used to house the Ten Commandments. It has also been known that this arc is able to give power to those who wield it. Jones's mission? To reach the Ark before the Nazis do. He goes to Tibet to pick up Marion (Karen Allen) who has a medallion that has a secret to the location of the Ark. Together, they head to that location where they will try to beat the Nazis-and scheming Frenchmen at their own game.The performances are all excellent. What is funny that when Spielberg/Lucas did the casting, Spielberg wanted Harrison Ford from the get-go, but Lucas was against his casting because he did not want Ford to be is "Bobby De Niro" which is in reference to Martin Scorsese always casting Robert De Niro in his films. In retrospect, I do not think anyone could have pulled this role off like Harrison Ford did. Ford was brilliant and created a memorable character with his iconic performance. He is kind and intelligent character, but he can be ruthless at times. However, he is charming. Charm may be the one word that can describe Indiana Jones. I really dug Karen Allen's performance. A strong-willed character with the ability to protect herself. I liked the villainous performances from the slimy Nazis. Paul Freeman as Dr. Rene Belloq as the scheming Frenchman who happens to be Jones's rival, and Ronald Lacey as the incredibly slimy Nazi, Toht.Even in today's cinematic world, the visual effects and the action sequences stand out. I honestly cannot say what I liked the most since everything was so well-done! The opening sequence set forth what to expect in this movie. That boulder chasing Jones is an amazing sequence. That chase scene is great as well, and it makes good use of an old, classic joke! Another sequence that stood out to me is when Jones and Marion are holding on to dear life in the pit of snakes. That was a scene that let you feel real horror. And don't get me started on the face-melting sequences! I am still in awe what the special effects team did with this film.Raiders of the Lost Ark is a true classic that spawned a franchise that is still going strong today. Adventure stories with some history mixed in are my kind of stories. I like travelling to these exotic locations through these characters. This film has a unique balance of comedy, action, stunts, and adventure. When Nazis are your villains, this is how they should be used. As slimy creatures that can get their butts handed to them by Indiana Jones.My Grade: A+ There are so many ways in which this film is perfect, most notably is the brilliant re-packaging of old-school action and war films; away from the James-Bond style of the late 60s; away from the Cold-War suspense and intrigue. One of the most endearing features of the picture is that the movie opens with the main character,Indiana Jones' at the close of his current adventure. The technique generates an immediate sense of personal history and intimacy with the main character, and in effect, serves the audience dessert twice.The atmosphere of equal parts impending danger and chronic screw ups is set right from the start, with a lit-fuse pace throughout the movie. Every scene is tight. The sound, the lighting, the dialog,the music, the performances. Every character actor is well-chosen. So many ingredients to enjoy: adventure, humor, mysterious locations, romance, explosions. Only a Nazi could not enjoy this film! My grandfather fought in WW2 somehow surviving D-Day. He was apart of Operation Neptune and stormed the beaches of Normandy. He told us a lot of war stories but rarely ever spoke about that day. Before he passed away he did an interview with a local newspaper and detailed what he saw despite it being very difficult for him to speak about. He loved watching war movies... not sure exactly why. Some about that soldier life never really leaves them I guess. He absolutely hated Pearl Harbor cause of the horrible way they portray the military to be a bunch of toothbrush wielding babies who don't know what to do in the event of being attacked. He had a friend stationed there who lost his life and thinks that movie is a disgusting display of ignorance. Soldiers don't take girlfriends on private plane rides. And they most definitely know how to swim. Maybe I'll give that movie a good ripping one day.But Saving Private Ryan was a respectable "I can't watch this" reaction. He said no movie has come that close to capturing what that day was like. He said it was too realistic. Whether or not the story is based on real or fiction, that intro was 100% realistic. I'm not sure if he ever did finish watching it but he appreciated it for capturing that chaos like no other movie has before. I watched the movie a dozen times now and keep it in my collection as a reminder of my grandfather. A scene he was technically in. Which makes me appreciate how strong of a person he really is.War is hell and this movie not only shows that while being an entertaining experience but also captured what soldiers are left behind with. My grandfather was not afraid of anything. I've seen this man walk into a cellar full of black widows to get firewood and not even shake them off. The only time he ever experienced fear was when he went to bed. His nightmares of his time during the war would haunt him in his sleep. This movie helped me understand why. The first 23 minutes of this film is rated at a 12.My good friend and I took our sons, 17 at the time, to see this in a theater. I am a senior military officer who experienced combat in 1967 - 68 - 69. We wanted the boys to see the horror of war, the slaughter.I have had to pack up the personal effects of my comrade to send back to his mother after he was killed in the Viet Nam war. Those of you who have not done this cannot even comprehend.After the opening combat scenes the film was an 8. Well done.War is hell and to those of us who have been there ... well I don't know what to say.Neither of our sons joined the military ... thank God. I have never been affected by a movie the way Saving Private Ryan affected me.  That movie really took me out of my seat in the movie theater and practically had me believing I was really in the battle with John Miller. When somebody was dying in that movie, it felt as if you could almost feel their pain.  Speilberg did an unbelievable job of putting realism into this movie with the camera-work and everything else.  Simply amazing.  An all time great. Possibly the most realistic depiction of gruesome war shown in film in Spielberg's yet another addition to his perfect films collection. I got emotional during the last scene in this film as it really makes you feel for the character. The story goes as Tom Hank's character is tasked to find and save the only Ryan brother as all of his other brothers are K.I.A. and Hank's performance as a soldier in World War 2 is possibly the most realistic as it shows the horrors that troops saw during the assaults. Matt Damon as Ryan is also very good as he was relatively young which adds to how young soldiers were sent to hell to fight the Japs. The last scene really hit the heart for me and creates the best emotional resonance. The incredible special effects really show the true gritty reality of war. This film is not like previous classic war movies such as Where Eagles Dare and The Guns of Navarone where they somewhat glorify being in war. Saving Private Ryan is among the greatest of Spielberg. Today, there have been similar gritty movies of war such as Fury and Hacksaw Ridge but for me, this is better than those. Overall, I highly recommend seeing this obviously take into count the lengthy running time but it is well worth it. It gives a million reason why no one should go to war and one very powerful reason to go to war. It is a soul numbing realistic depiction of what our grandfathers, fathers, uncles, brothers and sons have faced in humanities darkest moments. Not just in WWII but in any war. No one can see this movies without being altered in some way. No one should miss it with the EXCEPTION of those war veterans that have already been there. The surround sound puts the audience in the middle of the battle. Steven Spielberg has out done himself and effectively held up a mirror to civilization for events to which we should all be ashamed of, rather than appalled at the movie for its real life depictions. I suggest that this movie be made standard view for congress as well as the President each and every time the question of war comes up. This movie would not stop future wars but I would hope the objectives would be much more clearly defined. I say this as a US Marine. 21 years ago this movie was released and I finally watched it in 2019. I really struggled to watch and I cried and I wept through most of the movie. I did two tours in Nam. This movie was like being back in country. I will never watch it again. It's just eats my guts out. This film is an absolute masterpiece. It shows that war isn't always glamorous. Steven Spielberg won a Best Directing Oscar for his work on this film and the film went on to win four others. It is gritty and bloody and it shows that wars aren't won by weapons but by soldiers. The cast shine as the group of soldiers tasked with finding Private Ryan. Along the way they encounter the harsh truth and real meaning of war. It boasts impressive battle sequences and the stylish cinematography makes the film truly beautiful. The opening beach sequence is possibly the greatest opening scenes in movies. Tom Hanks is spell binding as the commander who has no idea about the harsh truth of war. Overall a truly amazing film. ........from Pasto,Colombia...Via: L.A. CA., CALI, COLOMBIA and ORLANDO, FLNumbing shockon a cellular levelmotivated me to return to the theater a week later, to experience it again. I was not in the least disappointed. Indulged myself by acquiring the DVD soon after its release and reliving the experience on numerous occasions! In RYAN, Spielberg succeeds in getting inside the viewer's head by immersing us in his ingeniously structured cascading time-lapse glacier of chaos, resulting in a 2½ hour free-fall rush into overwhelming impotence. RYAN seers the hell of war into every pore of your psyche, like no other war movie before or since. Watching it is a delightful exercise in masochistic pleasure.Certainly, anything but war friendly, Spielberg's 1998 classic, the highest rated war themed film in the history of cinema (#33-IMDb Top 250 today), only makes oblique reference to the diabolical nature of the Nazi juggernaut. RYAN tenaciously and consistently drives home the only "shades of gray" nature of the nuts and bolts, day-to-day, moment to moment decision options available in the heat of battle! I offer, as an example of this, various moments of on screen interaction with German prisoner of war, nicknamed "Steamboat Willie"Just watch, eventually you will understand!Also, I think a special note of recognition is due to Denise ChamianIf the name doesn't ring a bell, don't feel badshe did not register with me either! Her name appears for The CASTING Credit of RYAN. Superb job, Ms. Chamian!(Minority Report/Big Fish) She has been nominated on multiple occasions by the Casting Society of Americabut RYAN seems to be her only win! (An extremely well deserved one, in my opinion)The Ensemble cast also received a Screen Actors Guild Nomination in that category. After having seen RYAN at least 10 times, I stand firmly by this accolade: One of the BEST Ensemble performances ever! To anyone out there who hasn't seen RYAN, maybe because of its War or Action genre labelThis is one hell of a humanistic Greek tragedy that you simply must see! To those of you who have seen it once or twice, but who haven't in years.Please give it another lookYou won't be disappointed in the leastRYAN only gets better with each viewing!10*....ENJOY!/DISFRUTELA! Without looking, I am sure other reviewers here have headlined their article "Best War Movie Ever Made"" and I agree. However, before briefly discussing the film, let me just say if you don't have a decent 5.1 surround sound system, you aren't going to fully appreciate this movie (DVD).It's a great film to start with, and sitting in a room surrounded by five speakers with bullets flying from all directions around you - as in that spectacular 22- minute opening scene or in the final 45 minutes of action against the Germans in tanks - is an astounding movie experience. The sound in this film elevates it even higher.The visuals are outstanding, too. I've never seen so many grays, beiges and olive-greens look this good: perfect colors for the bombed-out French city where the last hour takes place, perfect for the faces and uniforms of the gritty soldiers, for the machinery, the smoke-filled skies, etc.My only complaint is the usage of Lord's name in vain 25-30 times, but, hey, when you consider it's tough men in tough times, that's what you are going to hear. In real life, the profanity probably was worse than the film. It's hard to picture the brutality of war being any worse than you see here, but it probably was. This is about as graphic as it gets. The violence and gore was shocking when this film came out in 1997 and still is when watched almost a decade later. It's unbelievable what some of the WWII soldiers went through, but that can be said for any war. I believe the purpose of this film was to pay tribute to the sacrifices these men made, and it succeeds wonderfully. Hats off to Steven Spielberg and to Tom Hanks, the leading actor in here, both of whom have worked hard for WWII vets to get the recognition they deserve, not just on film but in a national memorial.Anyway, language or blood and guts aside, this is still an incredible portrait of WWII. The almost-three hour film is riveting start-to-finish, especially with that memorable beginning action scene, probably the most dramatic in the history of film.As "entertaining" as those action scenes were, I found the lulls, if you will, to be even better. Listening to Hanks and his men discuss various things as they look for Private Ryan, was fascinating to me. Hanks is just superb in here and once again shows why he is considered one of the best actors in his generation.The most memorable and powerful moment among the "lulls," is the shot early on of the Ryan mother sinking to her knees on her front porch as she realizes she is about to get disastrous news from the war. Moments later, Harve Presenell, playing Gen. MacArthur, eloquently reads a letter by Abraham Lincoln that is so beautifully written, so profound that it is quoted near the end of the film, too, and I never get tired of hearing it.This is a man's movie, and shows the horrors of war as few others ever have. To say it is "memorable," just doesn't do it justice. It is the greatest war movie ever made....period. The opening beach assault sequences were the most violent, realistic, and upsetting filming I've ever seen; looked as though the thing was actual combat footage. The shushing noises of rounds cutting through the air was the most chilling part of all. Perfect portrayal of the insane stupidity of war and the anguish of all who enter this most foolish of enterprises. A must see. An amazing and compelling insight to warfare. Umbelievable camera shots/angles bring World War 2 to life especially for the US troops on D-Day. The use of flash bullets, and color saturation just add to the effect of a killing ground that not many people survive to come back from. This movie is so powerful. I couldn't watch it without crying, jumping, gasping, screaming, laughing, and cringing. It brought you through a whole array of emotion.I couldn't help but give my entire being over to each character as a stunning performance was drawn by each actor. Simply amazing. I can't describe it any other way.Easily the best war film I've seen. None was more realistic... Amazing amazing amazing.Recommended to anyone who enjoys historical fiction.LOVED IT! "Saving Private Ryan" is one of Steven Spielberg's most haunting and visually stunning films. As the film opens, you see an elderly man (Whose identity is not revealed until the end), standing at a headstone, in tears. Why? You soon understand the story as we go back in time.It is D-Day, June 6th,1944. You are soon caught up in the battle on Omaha Beach. And it is INCREDIBLY bloody. Soldiers are shot, drowned, blown apart or on fire during the battle on the beach against the Germany army. One of the soldiers fighting is Capt. Miller (Tom Hanks, in one of his best performances), who fights bravely, but you can see the terror that engulfs him. His hands say it all: an uncontrollable shaking.Soon after the battle, Miller is given a mission: seems that 3 of the killed men were brothers. A fourth is behind enemies lines and needs to be rescued and sent home to America. With his team members accompanying him, Miller starts his search for Private Ryan (Matt Damon).This is not an easy mission. Every single man knows that they may not survive the trek through the countryside of Normandy. Pvt. Reiben (Edward Burns)believes that Pvt. Ryan is not worth saving, at the cost of their lives. But with courage and determination by the team (although some members do lose their lives), they find Ryan. However, Ryan refuses to leave because a bridge in a bomb shattered town needs protection from the German army. With the assistance of the surviving team, they take a stand against the army. It is at this point that the surviving team members understand the importance of a lingering question through the film: will their sacrifice make a difference? By taking a stand to defend the bridge, the answer is obvious: yes.The performances of the actors are powerful; Including Hanks, Burns and Damon, you have Tom Sizemore, Barry Pepper, Adam Goldberg, Giovanni Ribisi, Vin Diesel and Jeremy Davies. John Williams, who always works well with Spielberg, provides a powerful score. The battle at the beginning of the film is one of the most heart wrenching scenes in cinematic history (And is not for the squeamish). It is a very moving film, and you will need plenty of tissue before you watch it. Saving Private Ryan is a military movie based during World War II. The movie starts with the invasion of Normandy at what is now known as D Day. Captain Miller, who is played by Tom Hanks, leads his troops onto the beaches of Normandy against the Germans. Once they are able to take the beach, they learn of story of Private James Ryan. James and his other four brothers are scattered throughout Europe battling in World War II. The United States Headquarters learns that all of James's brothers have been killed in action, leaving James the only sibling to survive. The United States Military learns that his mother will be receiving all news that all three of his brothers have been killed in action. In a plot to give his mother some type of comfort, the Military sends Captain Miller and his troops on a hunt to find Private Ryan and tell him what had happened and to get him back home.The theme of the film is courage. Throughout the film the soldiers show tremendous courage in their journey from the beginning until the end. The soldiers had to go through one of the most horrific and bloody battles from World War II and had to show tremendous courage to make it and take the beach. After they took the beach they had to go on a journey in order to find Private Ryan. They had to search throughout Europe to find Ryan while going through several battles and their own battles with each other. They lost many men including Corporal Caparzo. All of those men lost, just so that they could get Private Ryan and send him home to his mother.Lighting and sound effects were two major techniques used in the movie to enhance and capture the attention of the viewer, and to create a very lifelike impersonation of what those scenes were like in real life. When Caparzo was shot by a sniper the scene was very dark, it was raining and there was little visibility for the soldiers due to fog. The surround sound of the rain made it very intense and made it feel as if you were right there. The sound of explosions going off at every corner captures the moments of war that make it horrible to be in. It makes you after these scenes make you think to yourself what it would really be like in a war like that and if that's how it really was.Saving Private Ryan is one of the best military movies of all time. The courage that these men faced with themselves and to find someone that none of them knew was extremely heroic. They made it possible to help with a grieving mother who had lost not one but three sons in the heat of battle in World War II. This movie is a must see so that we can try and understand what these young men and women had to go through and sacrifice in order for us to live in freedom. Together with "Schindler's List (1993) and "Platoon" (1986), "Saving Private Ryan" ranks as one of the greatest war movies of all time. Like "Platoon" it gives the viewer an "in the trenches" experience.Spielberg has hit another home run with this one. The battle scenes are so realistic and gut wrenching that the viewer is left with the impression of what the real battles were actually like. Spielberg conveys the uselessness and futility of war as we follow Tom Hanks and his squad in their search for Private Ryan following a devastating battle on D-Day.Spielberg's two World War II masterpieces, Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan should be required viewing at the high school level in order to instill in our youth a sense of the sacrifices that were made over a half a century ago in order to preserve our freedom. Saving Private Ryan is a top WWII film and I've seen it a dozen times. As the film starts we are presented with a hundred or so ships coming across the sea. Suddenly violence erupts and soldiers are slaughtered on the D-Day Assualt. In the assualt, Captain Miller (Tom Hanks) leads his platoon up and around the German lines for a flank attack. Across the ocean, a mother receives three KIA letters in the same day but is promised that her youngest son, Private Ryan (Matt Damon) will be found in France and sent home. On the Normandy beach, Captain Miller and his platoon will be sent on a suicide mission across France to find Private Ryan and battle across the German lines. Through the whole mission the soldiers are pushed to the limit with the death of comrades and questioning of the mission.Steven Spielberg works his magic again with the presentation of one of the most honored war movies in film history. Tom Hanks is strong, smart and above all good as Captain Miller. There is also a surprise with one of Vin Diesel's first roles as Private Caparzo. The violence is brutal, bloody, and well crafted. Each character is interesting and their fears and weaknesses are each expressed in the film.Saving Private Ryan. Starring: Tom Hanks, Tom Sizemore, Edwards Burns, Barry Pepper, Vin Diesel, and Matt Damon.4 1/2 out of 5 Stars I'm starting to think that everything that Speilberg touches turns to gold. This is probably considered one of the greatest movies of all time and it is directed by Speilberg. The movie is incredable. The beginning was horrifying. I couldn't believe how accurate it was and painful it was to watch. When I studied WW2 in high school, I thought no one could ever re-create the Beach of Normady. But Speilberg did. I felt like I was there with the soldiers. I felt their fear, pride, and love for their country. I couldn't believe how much dedication our armies put into fighting and winning the war. And whenever I go to visit Washington D.C., I have more American pride then ever. I am more than proud to give this movie a10/10 This is truly the best war movie i've ever seen!!! Eerytime I watch it I cannot stop crying, I get goosebumps only by thinking of it; what makes it so special is that "Private Ryan" seems to have learned the lesson: "EARN THIS!", it seems that he truly respected a dying man's wish. About the scenes in the movie, I played the computer game "Medal of Honor - Allied Assault" and I was surprised to see a lot of the movie scenes in the game (Normandy, Sniper city - Caparzo, The bridge) or vice versa. I don't have to tell you that MOHAA is my favorite Computer game ever. All the respect to the genius of Steven Spielberg (I mean it's like he was there)Bottom line: if you haven't seen it yet, YOUR GREAT LOSS Saving Private Ryan is, without a doubt, the best war movie ever made and one of the best movies of all time. I wasn't sure what I would think of this movie before I saw it. I heard the gore and carnage was too much, and I heard the story and action was great.When I finally did see it, I loved it. The gore wasn't as bad, in my opinion, as everyone said it was. I thought the battles scenes were fantastically done. They were entertaining to watch, but with a certain sadness to it. I also think the moments of reflection among the soldiers was very good too. You got to hear their thoughts about the enemy, the soldiers and the war itself.The acting was great, especially by Tom Hanks. Tom Hanks certainly deserved the Academy Award for best actor, even though he did not get it. Matt Damon also did a great job as Private Ryan. Watch for a great cameo-like performance by Ted Danson.The storyline was interesting. Most of all, it showed what the war was like and how horrible it was. Some of the American soldiers were killed before they even entered the battlefield, some before they could even fire back, and some went down in a blaze of glory. Either way, you felt pity for the Americans and hatred for the Nazis.The mission the soldiers were on was to find a single man, Private Ryan, and bring him home, because all of his brothers were killed and he was the last male survivor of the family. You, along with the soldiers in the movie, will always be thinking about whether it is worth it to risk eight lives to save one man. Many things happen through the film that will keep changing your mind about it.If blood, guts and gore bothers you, you really should not watch Saving Private Ryan. Otherwise, I recommend going out and buying it right away. You will not be disappointed. Steven Spielberg's masterpiece. Tom Hanks most magnificent performance. Winner of 5 Oscars and more than 70 other prizes worldwide. Unprecedented true to life combat photography. Dynamic 3 hour long story that elevates this movie into the best tribute to all those American soldiers who died fighting for freedom in Europe during World War II. This is THE ultimate depiction of D-Day when the Americans freed western Europe. What a tragic and bleak, yet glorious epic war classic!The story is literally about the rescuing behind enemy lines of an American soldier called Ryan, played by Matt Damon in a small supporting role. Tom Hanks has to rescue the guy with a team of specially selected soldiers, among which are Giovanni Ribisi and Vin Diesel. Their journey to find and rescue private Ryan is a long, bleak and bloody one, in which soldiers are normal people with nervous breakdowns who go mental when confronted with so much cruel violence. This is not a gung ho funny action movie, this is how it really could have happened, with all the bleak and twisted soul shattering fears that soldiers have to conquer mentally, when they are in combat.The photography is stunning. Like I have never seen it before. Seen this movie many times now and it bewilders me every time how they have achieved such a level of true to life war combat photography. Even if you might not like the story, which I would find hard to believe, the action photography on itself is worthy of an Oscar, which it deservedly got.The soundtrack is dark and glorious. The sound effects were sonically blasting my ears when the tanks started rolling and the mortar shells were exploding all around. Editing is done with a fever pitch that keeps me glued to the screen. I can go on and on about the superb technical skills with which this movie was made, but the most important thing is that this movie has a got a pulsating righteous heart at it's core. This movie touches me profoundly. Only a few times during the last 40 years, have I ever been this fascinated by a war movie. Incredibly impressive! This film is an absolute masterpiece. It shows that war isn't always glamorous. Steven Spielberg won a Best Directing Oscar for his work on this film and the film went on to win four others. It is gritty and bloody and it shows that wars aren't won by weapons but by soldiers. The cast shine as the group of soldiers tasked with finding Private Ryan. Along the way they encounter the harsh truth and real meaning of war. It boasts impressive battle sequences and the stylish cinematography makes the film truly beautiful. The opening beach sequence is possibly the greatest opening scenes in movies. Tom Hanks is spell binding as the commander who has no idea about the harsh truth of war. Overall a truly amazing film. Even thinking about this film gives me the chills , well,like practically everything Mr. Spielberg has done in his career , lifting the American movie into the cinematic heaven . Hopefully , many movies are still ahead of him , the greatest artist ever, no doubt !There is nothing new to say about Saving Private Ryan , after so many years , except that perhaps it ought to become the must study subject for anyone interested in military history or history as such , because ,friend,it cannot go any gorier than this , that is, any more realistic than this ( watch Rambo 4 , When Trumpets Fade , Windtalkers ). Saving P.R. has somehow created a new genre of films , that is ultra-realistic war movie that transcends anything solely written, in fact , as has always been the case with Mr. Spielberg, literature gets its visual manifestation, where even Shakespeare would pipe down and bow in reverence ! Even 10 is not enough , simply no numerical quality, unit , exists to describe the sheer power of this cinematic experience , not even the designation 'film 'itself can do this ! Angelic, stratospheric , out of this dimension , Mona Lisa in cinema ! Read dedjim's comments on this movie. His are the best by far. I'm sad to see that this sight is mainly a place where people come to express their thinly veiled political diatribes in the guise of a movie review.This was a great movie about sacrifice, courage, loss, violence, revenge, folly, and most of all the strength of character it took (and takes) to defeat evil. The young people of that time defeated fascism (and later communism). Their children and grandchildren would not have their character forged in a worldwide depression dovetailed with a worldwide war. This reality explains much about the differences between the generations. Theirs was one of stoicism. The ones that followed were less mature, and generally lacking in accurate historical perspective - I say this as a retort to those who post on here mainly invoking their political bents.This movie is a more accurate "experience" of WW2 than most movies made on the subject. My next door neighbor for 15 years was one of the most gentle and humor-filled men I have ever known. He never once mentioned to me that he was a decorated WW2 bomber pilot. But he was. He came from a humble background; was wounded in the war; lost many friends in the war; and met his future wife (Army nurse) during the war. Then he returned from the war and instead of letting his experiences ruin him and the country, he and his compatriots helped rebuild a nation and a world. I came to know him better after his death by talking to his family about the experiences he went thru during the turning point in history known as WW2.This movie is a masterpiece made by one of the masters in Hollywood. Anyone who disagrees can run their car into a wall at a fatal 150mph. This is the greatest war movie ever made. 10 Reasons why. 1. Great Cast 2. Great Story 3. Great Set Design 4. Great Introduction 5. Great Closing Scene 6. Great Sound Effects 7. Great Realism (People die in war, not everyone lives in this one) 8. Great Score (by John Williams) 9. Great Purpose 10. Because I said so. This movie is so good that I bought the DVD. I don't buy many movies for three reasons. 1. Most movies get boring after you see them twice or more. 2. Rarely is a movie worth the 20 dollars. 3. Only a moron would waste money on a movie he or she would only watch once then throw it in a cabinet for the rest of his or her life. Anyway...this movie rocks, end of story. A very cool movie that contains the best movie editorial, a shocking ending, characters that the viewer has to watch, and a great acting representation Best movie ever. Heath ledger's work is phenomenal no words...... The actors, the script, the scenery make it one of the best movies I have ever seen. The best-played character of the joker is amazing. That's how I imagined him. In the film, he is portrayed as an ultra-intelligent person with a psychopathic "brain". Honestly, I was very surprised that someone known for their niche productions would play such a good role as one of the most important characters in the Batman series. Unfortunately, we will probably never see the joker so well again, because Heath Ledger, from unknown circumstances, died. This is sad news. However, back to the movie. The main character, Batman, played by Christian Bale, also shows the character very well. Therefore, my rating for this movie is 10/10. Totally one of the greatest movie titles ever made. Everything was great, filming, acting, story. Nothing to complain about Confidently directed, dark, brooding, and packed with impressive action sequences and a complex story, The Dark Knight includes a career-defining turn from Heath Ledger as well as other Oscar worthy performances, TDK remains not only the best Batman movie, but comic book movie ever created. It is just what you want for the best movie. Great story great acting, thrilling twist.
Just watched Joker in 2019, I just has to come back and give dark knight a 10. And thanks to Heath Ledger for the exceptional performs. I got to see The Dark Knight on Wednesday night, the reason though why I'm writing this movie comment this late is because I didn't wanna just jump and say this movie was awesome, I wanted to think it through, still today, I can't stop thinking about this movie! The Dark Knight lives up to it's hype and goes beyond it, this is the Batman movie that goes where no other Batman movie has gone before. It gave us a real sold story, we are finally told why the villains are the way they are, how all the injustice in the world can get underneath Batman's skin, how you have to believe that people still have faith in good on Earth. Heath Ledger, I absolutely loved Jack Nicolson's performance in the 1989 film, when I first read that Heath was signed onto The Dark Knight, I was like "What are they, kidding?", once you see The Dark Knight... Heath was incredible! I'm not going to compare Jack and Heath's performance, because they were two different versions of the Joker, but Heath's Joker was definitely the more scary and intense of the two nominations. You didn't know what he was going to do next, he was so crazy, he was also so charismatic to the point where you could relate to his character, and the worst part is not only that he's crazy, he's driving Gotham crazy and treating everyone like little puppets on strings that he can control, and guess what, he is doing it so well with a smile on his face. This was so much more than a Batman film, this was so much more than a comic book film, The Dark Knight truly delivers with drama, action, romance, horror, dark humor, the study of a psychopathic killer, a detective story. The force behind this epic movie is Christopher Nolan, who's previous film, Batman Begins, didn't really thrill me, but his incredible film making is truly shown in The Dark Knight, the shots that he got of Gotham City were absolutely fantastic and made you feel part of the city, part of the Batman story. One of the things that I absolutely loved about The Dark Knight is that normally with a comic book movie, you know it's not real, people don't dress up in costumes, and save the day, villains don't name themselves crazy names and dress in make up or crazy costumes, but The Dark Knight actually makes it seem incredibly real, like it could happen.Bruce Wayne is still learning how to be in his double life of Batman and himself, he has lost Rachel to the new district attorney, Harvey Dent, he's inspiring others who are dressing up as Batman and are trying to take on the villains of the city themselves. But things are much worse when the Joker waltzes into town, and he's going to bring Hell upon Gotham City. Constantly playing with Gotham's mind and trying to get Batman to reveal himself, Batman has never dealt with such a psychopathic genius before. The Joker has named himself as the "Classy Villain that Gotham needs", he also has brought a new thought into Batman's head of them actually being more alike than different, that Batman completes him, the Joker would be nothing without him. But Batman is relying on Harvey Dent, who is Gotham's "White Knight" trying to put all of Gotham's scum in jail. But when the Joker plays Batman and Commissioner Gordon, Harvey and Rachel find themselves in very horrific position and Harvey must discover if he will die a hero or live long enough to become a villain.All the performances are dead on in this movie, now everyone's going crazy over Heath Ledger's performance, but one performance I would also love to credit is Aaron Eckhart who plays Harvey Dent/Two Face, his performance was just as great as Heath's and made Two Face a human villain. You could understand his hatred and vengeance on what happened to him and why he became Two Face. I know that everyone is saying this but I truly mean when I say this is one of the best movies I have seen in a very long time. We had some great movies these past few years, but I think The Dark Knight is seriously something special, but I don't wanna build it up too much since some people go to the theater expecting my words to be the same as your own. In my opinion though this is not a great movie, I can't come up with a word describe how incredibly powerful this movie was, to be honest I would go above a 10 rating if I could; this is the Batman film that we have been waiting for. I've seen it twice in one weekend, I'm going to see it three times this upcoming week, I don't mind one bit. I can't wait for the sequel and I would just like to say RIP to Heath, wish he could have seen his breath taking performance as The Joker.10/10 The dark knight is the best movie I have ever seen in my life We've been subjected to enormous amounts of hype and marketing for the Dark Knight. We've seen Joker scavenger hunts and one of the largest viral campaigns in advertising history and it culminates with the actual release of the movie.Everything that's been said is pretty much spot on. This is the first time I can remember where a summer blockbuster film far surpasses the hype.For as much action as there is in this movie, it's the acting that makes it a great piece of work. Between all the punches, explosions and stunt-work is some great dialog work. All the actors have their moments.Bale's Batman is the definitive Batman because we see everything in this character finally on film. Martial arts skills, cunning, great tactical thinking, forensic application, technological genius to advance or improve Luscious Fox's inventions/technological breakthroughs, intimidating personality, and even a little swashbuckling. As for Heath, yes he gets credit for his performance as the Joker. But you have to also recognize Jonathan and Chris Nolan for the writing and treatment of the character. It's not just the fact that Ledger makes the Joker so menacing, but the Nolans have given the character this great manifesto that drives its actions. The Joker's stance on chaos, order, anarchy, the morality of the average modern human being make the character so interesting psychologically. The Nolans drafted a complex character and only a perfect performance could've pulled something like this off. That's how difficult of a role this was, and that's why Ledger's performance is so great.This isn't an action movie. It's a film that explores literary themes of the hero and villain, as well as order and anarchy. Yes, listen to the dialog because it's all in there. This is the best superhero movie ever made!!!! If you like to watch superhero movies then you should definitely watch this.However, I must say that this movie is much more than just a superhero movie. If you don't like superhero movie but want to watch a good drama/action movie then this is one of the best. I couldn't believe "The Dark knight" could live up to the hype. That's perhaps the biggest surprise. The secret, I believe, is a stunning, mature, intelligent script. That makes it the best superhero movie ever made. As if that wasn't enough, Heath Ledger. He, the newest of the tragic modern icons present us with a preview of something we'll never see. A fearless, extraordinary actor capable to fill up with humanity even the most grotesque of villains. His performance is a master class. Fortunately, Christian Bale's Batman is almost a supporting character. Bale is good but there is something around his mouth that stops him from being great. "The Dark Knight" is visually stunning, powerful and moving. What else could anyone want. I was never much for Batman movies but Christian Bale was by far the BEST Batman EVER ,paired with Heath Ledger and the dynamic was incredible, I believe that Heath Ledger was the BEST 'Joker, and his portrayal of the Joker in the movie of the same name was sheer brilliance.
The best coupling by far, in fact when I used to have my grandson over we watched Batman 'The dark night' repeatedly.
Loved this movie. Everything in this movie is perfect. Joker (Heath ledger ) nailed it. I love the cinematography. And nolans directing. Im just gonna start off by saying I LOVE this movie.Its one of my favorites of all time. I honestly cant think of too much wrong with this movie other than its a little long and Batmans by now infamous voice. But everything else is top notch. The acting,story,atmosphere,and actions scenes are all amazing. If you haven't seen this movie see it right now! I went into this not expecting to much but I came out blown away, I cant imagine any movie being much better. I'll just have to wait for The Dark Knight Rises to release to see if anything can be better. Until then, this stands as the best movie I've ever seen I saw the dark knight about three years ago when I was in the 8th grade. And I was blown away at how beautifully done it was, the camera work, the acting, the story, it all took me by surprise. It is to this day one of the best movies I have ever seen or will see. No other movie can impact you in such an intense way than The Dark Knight. It is a movie worth seeing due to the fact that the workers put so much time and effort into this one film and they did not want to waste money putting up garbage. So Christopher Nolan, thank you for not wasting our time, instead earning our time with this film. To this day I still am anxious to see the movie at home. I recommend it to anyone who likes action movies in general. To anyone who doesn't, don't waste your time write bad reviews about this film. My go to movie on a Friday night! Excellent all around! Christopher Nolan's second bundle of joy "The Dark Knight" EXCEEDED all  of my expectations!!! With the success of 2005's reboot of the Batman  franchise, they took what was already established and expanded it,  amped it up, and gave a deeper, darker and brooding story that is more  gripping and the suspense is likely to catch you of guard several times  throughout. Christian Bale delves more deeper into Batman, sworn to  fight evil and injustice, though also quite reluctant and uncertain if  his crusade can ever end and cleanse his inner turmoil from his  fractured soul due to the murder of his beloved parents. But with the  help of his trusted butler/ally Alfred (played superbly by Michael  Cane) grounds him, gives him moral support, and keeps him in check. But  the real star of the show is Heath Ledger as Batman's most deadly  enemy, The Joker. I can HONESTLY tell you that: as good as Jack  Nicholson was in Batman'89 he is CHILD'S PLAY compared to this Joker.  He is sadistic, psychotic, and downright SCARIER and PSYCHOLOGICALLY  disturbing than the previous incarnation of The Clown Prince of Crime  and Ledger gives it his all to do him justice. Along with the original  cast comes some fresh faces such as Aaron Eckhart, Maggie Gyllenhaal  and more. I must say though I liked Katie Holmes, Gyllenhaal gives a  much better performance and is a far cry from the "damsel-in-distress"  stereotype (though there's a little of it, THANKFULLY) that's common in  films. Bale and Gyllenhall have MUCH better chemistry this time around  more so than Holmes. Even better, the fight sequences are vastly  improved and feature more brutal and bone crushing combat than "Begins"  in addition to new technology at Batman's disposal.  Also worth mentioning is screenwriter Jonathan Nolan, who gives the  film an added frosting to an already delicious cake.  Simply put, The Dark Knight is totally more bad ass than "Begins." The  action is great, and the plot is more deeper and engrossing. I applaud  Christopher Nolan, Christian Bale, and especially Heath Ledger (who  sadly passed away earlier this year) and all those aboard for believing  in Mr. Nolan's talents for this second installment. Although some may  feel a bit of melancholy over Ledger's death, but as a final note I  will say this sincerely from my heart: Remember Heath Ledger and honor  him in your minds and hearts not only for his performances, but as a  human being and father to his daughter Matilda  Ledger. May we issue him best wishes for his family and friends and his  daughter for years to come. Remember . . . Honor him not only for this  role and past roles, but as an incredible individual and talented  actor.  Rest in peace. Heath Ledger: 4/4/1979-1/22/2008. This movie is hands down one of the greatest films ever created. Meticulously plotted, boldly directed, emotionally satisfying and grand in scale are just a few ways to describe this colossus of filmmaking. Heath Ledger easily surpasses even the hype with a masterclass, screen devouring performance. Christian Bale, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, and Gary Oldman are also incredible.You need to see this movie at least once in your lifetime - go see it now!! I watched the movie 10+ times and in many cases just for the soundtrack! I used to leave a theatre after seeing a highly anticipated movie, specifically a sequel, and be so revved up about what I saw that I would declare that movie to be the best of a series. After each of the prequel "Star Wars" films, I rated that one the best, as good as any of the originals...for a time, until my opinion balanced out and I had a more well-rounded take. For that reason, I steer away from that mindset, and did for "Dark Knight".Though my opinion is solidifying already after having seen a Warner Bros. screening last night, "Dark Knight" ably stands on its own with or without "Batman Begins". At a two and a half hour runtime, it's definitely an epic of a movie, but one that never runs out of gas. A delightful addition to this experience was a healthy amount of IMAX footage, which significantly adds to the feel of being on a personal, and gruesome, tour of Gotham City.Christian Bale plays such a well rounded Batman and Bruce Wayne, qualities that none of those who have donned the cowl before him have pulled off. I still have to remember that Bale is British since he speaks with such a spot on American accent. Bale has a particular slurring lisp that serves him quite well, charmingly for Bruce Wayne and threateningly for Batman.Countering him is the late Heath Ledger, who plays such a scary and creepy Joker that I found it impossible to NOT have chills half the time I saw him on screen. What really separates this brand of Joker from Jack Nicholson's portrayal is true unpredictability. It's obvious that, to be a good guy and think like the Joker, it really takes a toll, and it sure isn't easy. How exactly does one take him down when he's woven his harebrained plot around multiple hostages, explosives, or disappearing parlor tricks?Initially, I was uneasy about how the character of Harvey Dent would be handled. In my mind, there was really only one faithful portrayal of him, and that could be found in the "Batman" animated series of the early 90s. As well as Tommy Lee Jones COULD have handled him in "Batman Forever", he certainly did not, though it still was a highlight of that movie. Aaron Eckhart ably assumes the mantle here, delivering a performance out of this world, easily on par with the Batman animated series.Be it known, this caped avenger stands for the good of Gotham City that the police force and its counterparts can't represent, the good that has no jurisdiction, no procedures...and no rules, save for one. I can only hope that we've seen just the prelude to the Dark Knight's upcoming legendary battles with the worst of Gotham City's dark underside."The Dark Knight" gets a solid 10 of 10 stars. I must say I was excited for this movie since the instant BATMAN BEGINS appeared on screen at the end of the first film. It was always going to be good, and sadly, it was always going to be over-hyped by the advertising warhorses.It is rare though, that a movie can surpass all the hype and pass all expectations on the film. Nolan (The Prestige, Begins) delivers on more than the Joker we remember from the 'Old Days' of Burton and Nicholson. Instead we're given a psychopathic sadist who pleasures from sheer anarchy.All the hailing of Ledger's performance are grounded. Watching it will make you feel a different chill down your spine than you'd remember from any other film. It's impossible, quite literally to relate to The Joker. He gets inside your head with his stories of how he got his scars, makes you laugh at his sick jokes, then makes you instantly wonder why you're laughing.If Ledger wasn't enough to horrify you - wait for Harvey Dent. Brilliantly portrayed by Aaron Eckhart as Gotham's 'fallen White Knight' and Batman's direct counterpart. His transformation will put Tommy Lee Jones' portrayal look like children's breakfast cartoons. Gyllenhaal had perfect chemistry with both Bale and Eckhart, Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman both work well as Batman's 'conscience' and of course, Gary Oldman as Lieutenant Gordon were all solid.There are some major differences between The Dark Knight and Begins. Firstly, the music is extremely disconcerted compared with the 'majestic but unfinished' tones of Begins - but it suits the film's tone: Anarchy in every sense. There was a more solid singular villain (compared with the many in Begins) - but there was also a lot more henchmen in TDK. The martial art direction was faster and more efficient - as mentioned in the film, learning through experience.I was disappointed at the role of Scarecrow in this film, it just felt like a loose thread and wasn't quite closed up or explained, and the ending, while it wasn't what I expected (others have said that it was predictable, but for me it wasn't) was solid and suited the film well.All in all, this is a film that is quite close, if it isn't already, a masterpiece. Nolan has a great thing going and unlike previous 'Superhero' adaptations (Spiderman and Fantastic Four for example), there isn't campiness creeping in. In face, if Batman Begins was 10/10, The Dark Knight deserves a 12. Quite simply, the best possible sequel that could've been given.If you watch this (which I implore that you do), you certainly won't regret it. One of the best movies of 2008 (I'll wait till Quantum of Solace comes out before I pass judgement) - but certainly a film worth getting excited for. If you don't like it, then that's also fine - but keep in mind that you probably thought Meet The Spartans was a good movie, so the rest of us won't take it to heart.Stunning in every aspect, and exceeds all hype and expectation... Can't wait to watch it again, or for the Blu-Ray! I think the big question...or the question everyone actually cares about is this: Is Christopher Nolan's follow up to the critically acclaimed 2005 film "Batman Begins," The Dark Knight, as good as everyone is saying? Quite simply, yes, yes it is. There is no doubt about it, one of the most anticipated movies of the 21st century duly deserves every amount of praise lavished onto it. This is no ordinary superhero movie, this is a character and dialogue driven piece, not as action orientated as you might expect.I will not go into plot details, because there is a lot of it. However, a basic one sentence summary is: Batman now has to face his most cunning and psychotic enemy, someone with no real motives...The Joker. Now that that is out of the way, I will start off with the actors (and boy, is there a lot to talk about). Christian Bale has done a tremendous job as our beloved Caped Crusader, with him already blowing everyone else out of water with "Batman Begins." Bruce Wayne has a flawed personality that hangs on the balance between righteousness and criminal. His perception of justice causes an emotional and personal shift, whether he is a wealthy businessman who fights crime in a gadget-riddled suit or just a normal man who is sick of all the scum in Gotham City and decides to give the law-breakers a dose of their own medicine. Because of this, and Bale's tremendous acting, Bruce Wayne is justified, and we emphasise with Bale's flawed hero more than any of the other actors. If there ever was an excellent Batman, this is it. The theme of right and wrong is played well with his character here.Of course, I am sure you all want know if Heath Ledger was that good. And I can safely say that he most definitely was. Ledger's Joker is not only the best, but is now the greatest superhero film villain ever. His performance is truly terrifying, chilling, brilliant; any synonyms of the previous adjectives. Every scene he is in is stolen. The Joker truly is Batman's worst villain; cunning and psychotic, nothing quite matches his laugh and sinister makeup. If Ledger nabs the Oscar for Best Actor, I honestly will not be surprised. It is a true tragedy to see such a talented actor fall at such a young age...All the other actors cannot be forgotten, though. Aaron Eckhart has definitely proved himself previously ("Thankyou for Smoking") as someone to watch out for. Here, as Harvey Dent (and later Two Face) he is very powerful. All he wants is justice; to bring down every single criminal. Eckhart is the definitive Two Face. Maggie Gyllenhaal as Wayne and Dent's love interest, Rachel Dawes is much better than Katie Holmes. Gyllenhaal's performance has substance, I really cared for her and her future and she was terrific in every scene. Michael Caine can do no wrong, and as Alfred Pennyworth he provides some comical and emotional scenes. Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox, although a limited role, does inject some sly humour and much needed morals into the story. Finally, Gary Oldman's Lt. James Gordon is riveting. He at least needs a Best Supporting Actor nomination for his performance as another crime-fighting hero who faces some challenging situations.Wally Pfister's cinematography is simply stunning. Gotham has never looked so good, so big and deep. His wide shots purvey a dirty aura and contribute to the feel of the film. Without it, it may not have been the same. Another Oscar worthy portion, THE MUSIC! With Hans Zimmer AND James Newton Howard at the helm, how could it go wrong? The score sets the mood in every scene, giving an epic and thrilling tone. During the action sequences it really ups the adrenaline. And on the topic of action, The Dark Knight succeeds in having the best fight sequences and car chases in a comic book adaptation yet. With no obvious or over-use of CGI, the explosions and accidents are the real deal. Thrilling, edge of your seat and violent, this is brutally awesome stuff.Nevertheless, none of this would be possible without Christopher Nolan, the man behind it all. Pairing up with the writer (and brother) Jonathon Nolan, the darkest Batman movie yet is the best, and the best so far this year. This does not feel like a comic book film, the dialogue and situations feel so realistic. And, it IS the script that drives this film. The dialogue is very, very well written and is the centre of the conflict and the movie.It may be bold to say this, but this is the best superhero film of all time. There are others that are magnificent ("Superman" and "X-Men" are two examples) but this is the most complex, the most dark and the most spectacular and epic of them all. See it for Bale, for Ledger, for the music, the action and for Nolan's flawless direction.5/5 and the best film of 2008 so far!! Well here it is, one of the most anticipated movies of the year so far. How was it? It was excellent. By far the best Batman film ever made and of course it will be one of the most memorable action films for a long while.Everyone was waiting to see how well Heath Ledger performed as The Joker in this film. He definitely deserves an Oscar in his honor. The character was so dark and creepy that it sent chills up my back. Compared to Heath's other films like '10 Things I Hate About You' and even 'Brokeback Mountain' proves that this man could actually act, doesn't matter what character, he could do it.The film's storyline has many twists and all are rewarding, the story is developed constantly after each scene, making you wonder what's next. Excellent craft and flows well towards the conclusion.During the film on the scene with Batman against the Joker, Bike vs Truck. People thought this was the ending. No, it kept going which was awesome, the story kept getting darker and darker, I guess that's why they called it the 'Dark' Knight as well as the relation to Batman himself.The cast was great. With Christopher Nolan playing Batman, good performance, Heath Ledger played extremely well, Maggie was annoying at times, but still deserves to be praised. Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman had minor roles which satisfied the audiences. Aaron Eckhart starts with a minor role which slowly progresses and becomes evil which is quite surprising and entertaining to watch.Great directing made the movie enjoyable, they added more action this time which made the film feel powerful, lighting was done well especially showing Harvey/ Two Face's face in the many moods he displayed.Great explosions made it entertaining. Made you feel great that this is finally the best action to come in a long time.This movie deserves a 10/10 rating and credit on behalf of the great young actor Heath Ledger's life. (May he R.I.P) His performance made what this film is right now.I recommend this film for any action fan, especially a Batman fan. Or if your even a Heath Ledger fan. Go ahead right now and see this film. It's great! This is the Greatest Work of Cinema. A Masterpiece in All Sense.
Christopher Nolan Nailed In The Feild of Direction.
Heath Ledger'Joker is A Never Seen Experience.
It's just Perfect.
K Acting, script, music, action, and cinematography is all perfect. This is the greatest movie since The Godfather. This movie is a work of art. The finest sequel ever made. I don't think we will see another movie like this for a long time. Heath Ledger's Joker is the best movie charachter I have ever seen by far. Avengers Endgame is great, but The Dark Knight is much better. The best Batman ever! The best Joker ever! The best DC movie ever! The best superhero movie ever! Nearly hundreds of actors have played Sherlock Holmes and his sidekick Dr. Watson, and it may seem rash to call Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law the best Holmes-and-Watson-duo so far. But I've been a Sherlock Holmes fan my whole life, and most of the portrayals I've seen of the character only focus on an aspect or two of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's character. In Guy Ritchie's film, as in Doyle's "canon", Sherlock Holmes is an avid boxer, a martial artist, a dabbler in many sciences, and a master of disguise. Most importantly, he's an expert in logic and deduction. He playfully torments his housekeeper Ms. Hudson (Geraldine James) and shares an antagonistic but symbiotic relationship with police Inspector Lestrade (Eddie Marsan).The movie opens with Holmes and Watson apprehending serial killing Satanist Lord Blackwood (played broodingly by Mark Strong). Blackwood is executed, but when he seemingly rises from the dead, the deductive duo must determine whether it's a supernatural occurrence or if there's a logical explanation. It's exactly the type of mystery Doyle would have devised, with plenty of twists and opportunities for Holmes to show off his genius as he races to stop a plot to take over England and (gasp!) America. Everything from the experiments Holmes performs in his Baker Street flat to his climatic revelation of the mystery on the Tower Bridge seems perfectly in line with Doyle's writing.One of the only departures from the canon that bothered me was Sherlock's introduction to Dr. Watson's fiancée, Mary Morstan, played as a delicate English rose by Kelly Reilly. In the stories, Mary was Holmes' client in "The Sign of Four" before Holmes first encountered Irene Adler (Rachel McAdams) in "A Scandal in Bohemia." Then again, the continuity of the stories was rarely important to filmmakers, or even to Sir Arthur, so I'm just nitpicking.As a film on its own merits, "Sherlock Holmes" is almost perfect. The movie's opening shot grabs you, and Guy Ritchie's directing stays gripping all the way through the end titles. His version of Victorian London is moody and atmospheric. Hans Zimmer's quirky score blends well with the film's tone and Downey Jr.'s off-kilter Holmes. Meanwhile, Jude Law transforms Dr. Watson from the bumbling comic relief of most movies into a cool, competent sidekick. Perhaps owing to his own considerable acting chops, he's the rare Watson who manages to be as interesting and watchable as Holmes. When he leaps into action, he relies on a sword-cane and a trusty revolver, while Sherlock favors a riding crop (which die-hard fans will recall was his preferred method of self-defense in the canon). Rachel McAdams manages to tweak Sherlock's classic adversary into a feisty action heroine. All the while, another familiar adversary skulks in the shadows.Even when Sherlock Holmes feels a little bit more like James Bond, he doesn't feel any less like Sherlock Holmes. Ritchie finds a way to depict Sherlock's fighting as a mental exercise as much as it's a physical feat. In the same way, though "Sherlock Holmes" is grander and more commercial than Guy Ritchie's usual films, it doesn't feel any less like Guy Ritchie. What a ride. "Sherlock Holmes" left me giddy. I absolutely loved it. It was thrilling, funny, stylish, fast-paced and brilliantly acted.Downey Jr. is a delight to look at. He eats up the screen. He gives the character all sorts of mannerisms and nuances which really bring Holmes to life like never before. The chemistry and interplay between him and Jude Law is hilarious.I wasn't a big fan of Rachel McAdams's performance, but it didn't detract from the experience. I felt she just didn't bring as much to the table as the others. (Kinda like Katie Holmes in Batman Begins.)Guy Ritchie really outdoes himself here. The way he uses the camera, the motion, the fluidity, the snappy pacing - I loved every minute of it.A really fantastic movie. Well done. I cannot find out why people rate this so low. They must have not read any of the original stories. Holmes was indeed a childish man. Brilliant, but has a childish side. And he knows how to fight, as he does in a few stories. People need to read ALL of the books, and then make their assessment. Otherwise, they're just slandering a fantastic movie they know nothing about. A+If there is one genre I began to detest over the years, it was the 'buddy-action' flicks. You know the movies where two guys who aren't exactly friends are forced to form an uneasy alliance which leads to hilarious escapades. It's only been done a thousand and one times, note the long line of duos: Bruce Willis & Samuel L. Jackson ("Die Hard 3"), Will Smith & ("Wild Wild West"), Chris Tucker & Jackie Chan ("Rush Hour"), and let's not forget Jackie Chan and Owen Wilson ("Shanghai Knights"). Though many (but certainly not all) of the aforementioned films are indeed funny, few have any real lasting qualities and even fewer a challenging storyline. The best they can often do is throw an alluring female co-star between the two leads, but I digress.This film however, stands a monumental achievement. Firstly, the cast is really something else. Robert Downey Jr. as our titular character, and he does a bang up job playing a man who's a mystery in himself. Jude Law is entertaining and I'm glad Eddie Marsan was aboard. Mark Strong makes for a very impressive antagonist, and Rachel McAdams is a seductive femme fatale of sorts. The gloomy setting, 1800s London, couldn't be better realized and it definitely gives the film a darker tone. Most importantly though, the story is truly a one-of-a-kind detective tale. It really is a pitting of rationality vs. superstition, and to my heart-thumping exhilaration for the majority of the film you would think good old logic had been defeated. Moving on before I spoil anything. The plot twists and turns menacingly, and leaves one astounded by the effort put into the writing.Lastly, kudos to composer Hans Zimmer who did a very catchy leitmotif that fit the film perfectly. The gray-blue cinematography is great, and I've got to congratulate Guy Ritchie on his feat. How fitting for an intelligent hero to emerge in theaters on Christmas to dispel silly superstition. Guy Ritchie did a great job portraying this master detective based on the actual Doyle stories and did not rely on the old Holmes movies. In other words, this movie was a good adaptation, not a remake ten times over. He made Holmes more than an armchair detective and focused on the crime fighter that Doyle intended.I especially enjoyed the visuals, including London with its filthy unpaved roads and the flat at 221B as it probably should look with two bachelors living there, especially with one with an intensely curious mind. I liked how the movie focused on Sherlock's ability to fit in with criminals as well as his ability to fight—both of which are hinted at many times in the fifty plus stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.I like too how Ritchie dispensed with the curved pipe and deerstalker hat, neither of which really is mentioned much in the stories. The violin was a big part of Holmes' stories, and I like how he strummed the instrument in the movie while thinking about his cases. Something a thinking person would do.Finally, this was cast in an interesting way. The actor who played Lord Blackwood (Mark Strong), and even Jude Law, have physical features more identifiable with Holmes and they may have thought they were going to play the role when hired for the film. Instead, Ritchie cast an unlikely actor, American Robert Downey, Jr. This worked because Downey comes across as a mind that it always busy. Downey might also relate to Holmes' drug addiction, which was not shown in this movie but is hinted at (sloppy apartment, disheveled appearance, experiment of drugs on dog, bored when not working, etc.)The music in the movie was up-tempo and musical, suggesting a busy mind. The plot was a little bland and a lot like the plot of The DaVinci Code, but the feel was right for Holmes. One of my favorite aspects of the Holmes' stories was that there was always a mystical element thrown in. Doyle was a spiritualist and brought a certain otherworldly darkness to the mysteries, until Sherlock's keen brilliance illuminated all the swindles and schemes, just as he did in this movie. Everything about "Sherlock Holmes" is stunning, from the gritty, realistic Victorian London, to the wonderful performances by the film's fantastic four; Downey Jr, Law, McAdams and Strong. I enjoyed every minute of the film, and found that it matched the mental images that I had created while reading the books far better than any previous adaptation, and I include the celebrated Granada television series starring Jeremy Brett in that list.Robert Downey Jr's Holmes is not a starched, middle aged gentleman with every hair in place who sits in an armchair and looks pensive, but as the man from the stories; a younger, rougher individual who is perfectly happy to play dirty to get what he wants, and whose body is as powerful as his mind. He's brilliant, and so is Director Guy Ritchie, who keeps Holmes' incredible deductive powers at the forefront of the movie by showing him using them to neutralise his opponents. And Watson...Jude Law is perfect. Fat, bumbling old man? I think not. He never was in the books, and he isn't now. Instead, he's young, handsome, intelligent and not afraid to tell Holmes just what he thinks of the great detective's bad behaviour. His friendship with Holmes is everything it should be – not the hero/sidekick dynamic created by Rathbone and Bruce, but rather a friendship between two men who are as close as brothers, and who can't live with each other, but can't live without each other either.As for Irene AdlerRachel McAdams is pretty good. She didn't quite feel like Holmes equal, and she was a little young, but she certainly was a femme fatale, and had plenty of guts and gumption. She was also capable of getting down and dirty, which earned her a gold star in my book. Her relationship with Holmes is believable, and not nearly as romantic as some would claim. She flirts; he resists; she does something nasty to him. Like chaining him to a bed. Naked. Last but not least, Mark Strong does a wonderful job as villainous Lord Blackwood, considering that he has to be a plausible antagonist, but not bad enough to outshine Moriarty, who is set to appear in the sequels. Strong has certainly set the benchmark for future Holmes' villains – whoever is going to play Moriarty is, will have to be really evil now. Overall, the film is gripping and very believable: the sets are beautifully detailed, none of the stunts are overdone, the actors all play their parts to perfection, and Guy Ritchie certainly wasn't the wrong man to direct; his confidence in his abilities is what allowed him to make the film dirty and gritty and fresh. When coupled with an amazing score by Hans Zimmer, this film is certainly the best film of 2009, and will continue to be great through 2010, and well into the future. I have been a Holmes fan since I first started reading Sir Arthur Conan Doyle in 8th grade. I have been disappointed with other filmed versions of the past, and I was skeptical of this "newer" Holmes. My children took me (as a gift) on Christmas Day. I was prepared to be silently critical. Imagine my surprise when I was speechless with joy. And what was most surprising, my sons, who are not Holmes savvy, enjoyed the movie as well. It was a delight to the eye, a heartfelt, wistful return to adventuresome reading and a bit of jolt to the adrenal system. Congratulations to Guy Ritchie for this fabulous recreation of Holmes and gang. And to Downey and Law, special appreciation, it was like falling in love again. I was gleefully entertained and thoroughly satisfied. Bravo ! Sherlock Holmes.An amazing movie, action packed, stocked with very funny jokes and a great cast. The chemistry between Jude Law and Robert Downey Jr. is one of the best I've ever seen in a movie, and trust me, I've seen loads.To me, this movie is a Sherlock Holmes Movie finally the way it's supposed to be!! The story is interesting and keeps you amused and engaged, it's definitely impossible to doze of during this movie.I love the way Watson and Holmes are so different, but they are still best friends. They can't live with each other, but they can't live without each other. They feel they have to protect each other.If you haven't seen this movie yet, go to the cinema's NOW! This is a must-see! With films such as this I feel stuck in the middle of targeted audiences; I love it when a series gets restarted but I'm always on my guard and at my most cynical.If you've ever had the hours of your life stolen from you with films like Wild wild west or The League of extraordinary gentlemen, then you know exactly what I mean when I say that it is rare indeed to see a movie set in the 1800's that isn't a load of historically inaccurate, technologically ridiculous, propriety insulting garbage.Sherlock Holmes (much to my great relief) has forgone that pitfall by a giant leap; the technology in the movie fits the time period very well- we are allowed the pleasure of seeing 'the future' of that time, but nothing absurd like a giant mechanical spider or a machine gun crossbow. The settings are wonderful. I'm not a British historian, but I know quality sets when I see them, and for once it's not Tim Burton that's responsible (meaning that they're good Gothic settings, but not unnecessarily bleak.)The fact that Robert Downey Jr. stars as Holmes made me even more on edge; he's just isn't who would come to mind at all. But the humor and intelligence he brings to the role is refreshing and wholly natural. We're not subjected to the unbearable smugness of your average super-protagonist, but rather an almost childishly humorous grown man, weary but curious of the world around him. Downey's English accent flows comfortably, so well in fact that I would risk getting a beat-down from his bodyguards to hug him for not putting me through another Nicholas Cage type accent abomination. I was never really in to Jude Law or Rachel McAdams but both of them also fell into their characters with winning performances, Law being the sidekick that keeps the hero in line without being annoyingly mean, and McAdams the love interest/femme fetale without being over the top, clingy or trashy.The story itself will wind your brain around a bit until the end, but isn't that why people have been in love with Sherlock Holmes for so many years in the first place? It will not bore you for a second, and it wraps up very nicely at the end (although you'll probably want to go over it your head again after you've left, which is a good thing)And last but not least, anyone who's ever read Sherlock Holmes will notice a plethora of accuracy, hints and homages, from Watson's limp thanks to the Jezail bullet that passed through his leg in the Afghan war, to the photo of Irene Adler that Holmes kept as a reminder of the only woman who ever outsmarted him.So take my advice and don't miss out on something this rare in concept; a quality revamp that pushes boundaries instead of ignoring them. People who complain about this film tend to be people who just don't get Sherlock Holmes at all or stuffy Sherlock Holmes fans who believe they have managed to figure out the character in all entirety and that no one can defy them that.Well I found this film extremely exciting. The direction was very good and the fight scenes well placed and humorous. Also I thought Hans Zimmer's' soundtrack could not have been improved because it was absolutely superb. Not only all this but as a big plus it had amazing special effects.As soon as I had seen the film and had been transported back to my childhood by this excitingly fast paced movie, I sat down to reading The Return of Sherlock Holmes. The books I had to say surprised me, for of the little criticism I had read of the film it was doubts on how correct the attitudes were to the books. Now taking that into consideration I expected to begin reading a very dull long story about a righteous, stroppy gentleman, which was the image the criticises had given me. However I found Sherlock Holmes to be very much more like Robert Downey Jr's performance (which was amazing by the way), he was quick witted funny and always having little banters with Watson, teasing him.So Robert Downey Jr I believe really brought out the true Holmes. Also Jude Laws performance defo improved Watson by giving him more backbone, brains and making him all together a lot less worshipping of Holmes, which was obviously a good thing. Rachel McAdams played a very good Irene Adler. :D To be frank, this film has been given some massive amounts of publicity. As well as the reputation of the name Sherlock Holmes, this film is bound to be successful in the box office. Not to mention the actors and director, in which we expect a lot from.I haven't read any of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's books about the great detective Sherlock Holmes. So this review will be based upon whatever I have seen and I will rate it for what I saw, not how accurate or how there is a miscasted Sherlock Holmes is. To be honest, I have seen many of these Sherlock Holmes fanboys complaining about how inaccurate this film is, I really don't care. We live in the 21st century, things change, just because you think how perfect that actor 40 years old played Sherlock Holmes should be casted, sorry, his dead. There have been films of Sherlock Holmes which are played by the 'more suited' actors, but sorry, how successful were they? This one is going for a wider audience.The film starts instantly with a crime, all of a sudden with questions and gets into the point fast.I've been a Guy Ritchie fan ever since Lock, stock and two smokin' barrels. And I can easily say that he is one of my favourite director. Guy Ritchie adds his own touch of 'first do, explain later' which really made the film more interesting. You always wanted to you know why, how, or when.I really don't have to talk about the actors, with reputation for all four actors you guess they'll do an exception job, which they did. I found the chemistry of Judd Law and RDJ really real and it felt they belonged to together. Not for the second did i think that they were lovers, as some people argued. They are just two good mates.Guy Ritchie depicts the Victorian times perfectly. From the clothes that were worn, to the way the streets were paved. The costumes were top notch (I hope I see them getting an Oscar nomination for that category). The CGI scenes, which were not overused nor needed for most parts were done excellently. I found them feeling really realistic. from the ship scene and the bridge.Humour was a big part in the film. I found it to be quite funny. Although most of the 'laugh out loud' scenes were exclusive to the trailers, It still had more humour than I expected. The theatre laughed at almost all the jokes and I laughed a little extra.In conclusion, the film has shown some great acting by the lead roles, a magnificent setting of the Victorian times along with a good plot with tasteful humour. Sherlock Holmes is a franchise that will make millions not matter how crap the films are. There are always people will want to watch it. Guy Ritchie has implemented his trademark directorial skills which made the film more interesting.Acting/cast: 5/5 Plot/dialogue: 4/5 Music/score: 5/5 CGI/depiction:5/5 4/5 "Sherlock Holmes" is part-comedy, part-thriller, part-romance, and part-buddy movie. It is also completely brilliant.The film's plot concerns a mysterious plot by the menacing Lord Blackwood. Holmes (Downey Jr.), Watson (Law), and an alluring past love interest (McAdams) must work together- sometimes reluctantly- to crack the case. It sounds simple, but a number of ominous supporting players and adrenaline-inspiring set pieces make it constantly entertaining and riveting.The perpetually likable Robert Downey Jr. takes up the torch as Sherlock Holmes. There's no need to compare his work to that of Basil Rathbone- the two performances could not be more different. Downey Jr. makes Holmes both comedic and competent. His accent is convincing, and his delivery is as dead-pan as ever. In Guy Ritchie's revisionist take, Holmes has become a comic action hero, and Downey Jr. pulls off both the comedy and the action seamlessly. Jude Law lends great support as Watson; his take on the character is more traditional, but he makes a great comedic straight-man as well. McAdams also does well as an American femme fatale whose allegiances are always in question.Stylistically, the film combines Ritchie's "guns-blazing" sensibilities with period detail and witty dialogue. The quick-cut shots and fast-paced visual flashbacks/explanations suit the source material surprisingly well. The musical score is effectively creepy; it evokes the air of the Rathbone films and the Sir Arthur Conan Doyle novels. Similarly, the costumes and art direction capture the time period, and arrest the audience visually. The script is chock-full of funny lines, and the cast delivers them well.While purists may shudder at the sight of Sherlock in the boxing arena, Ritchie's "Holmes" is fun, fast-paced, and fresh. Case closed. When we first saw the trailer to Sherlock Holmes, my wife and I both got the impression that this film could be really good or really bad. Then when the reviews came out, I breathed a sigh of relief that we hadn't wasted our time and money running out to see it on opening night. We would have avoided it entirely if she hadn't suggested we go see some chick flick, causing me to grasp at "that silly Sherlock Holmes action film" as an escape hatch.Now we are both furious at the critics for keeping us away from this film for so long. Robert Downey's Sherlock Holmes is the most compelling and authentic portrayal of the Holmes character I've ever seen. One of the first things we find out about Holmes in the Conan Doyle stories is that he's a manic depressive drug addict who engages in aberrant, self-destructive behavior like firing bullets into the walls of his apartment when he doesn't have a case to distract him from his inner demons. All Guy Ritchie does is emphasize this darker side of Holmes' character and use it to portray Holmes as a man of action as well as creature of the mind. That is a far cry from the wholesale reworking of Holmes that the critics accuse Ritchie of.Ritchie's Holmes is a lonely misfit who lives with one foot in "respectable" society and the other in London's vast underworld. All of that is true to the stories. As for Watson, he is Holmes' only friend and the one person trying to save him from himself (again, true to the stories). For that reason, Watson's impending marriage is a threat to Holmes, and brings out some wonderful comic relief with Holmes acting the part of the aggrieved "wife" trying to overlook "her" husband's dalliances while working hard to undermine them and save the "marriage." That may go beyond what's in the stories, but it's a great way to make the two characters come alive in a way that a 21st Century audience can relate to. Failure to re-imagine their relationship in such a way runs the risk of treating Holmes and Watson as Victorian museum pieces; something that's been done quite enough.Throw into the mix a supernatural plot with a villain in the mold of Aleister Crowley, and you have a superb film that shakes off the dust of 20th Century screen adaptations and gives us a fresh new Holmes for the 21st Century who is still 100% faithful to the character. I hope to see Downey and Law in many Holmes sequels to come. Guy Ritchie is like the English Quentin Tarantino. Except, well, not as good. Ritchie has had some great films, some OK films, and some terrible films. His first,Lock,stock, and two smoking barrels, was OK. His second, Snatch, was great. His third, Swept away, I never saw. But it bombed. I don't know what he did after that. But then he did Rocknrolla, which was OK. It had it's moments but not art. But now he returns with his newest movie. Sherlock Holmes. Which is his best movie since Snatch.Ricthie changes the iconic characters Watson and Sherlock. Both are now ass kickers. I know, it's an odd twist. Well, if it makes the movie work, then I guess not. The film works anyways. I was never bored by Sherlock Holmes. It was funny, some of the action sequences were spectacular,the acting was good. It's exhilarating entertainment that you must see. Robert Downey Jr. stars as the title role. Like most of Ritchie's plots, I have a hard time explaining what it's about. There is a lot to it. But I will tell you that the cast to it is very good. And it has a lot of what Ritchie uses.I will tell you a few details. The plot at first seems like it will be something paranormal. It's not quite paranormal.It seems like it but it's not. I will not give anything else out besides that the movie is a lot of fun. See it.Alright now I have come up with a way to describe the plot. The film starts off with Sherlock(Downey) and Watson(Law) going to save this woman from some sort of evil ritual. They soon learn it's a guy named Lord Blackwood, a priest or something. Eventually, Blackwood is put in prison and hung by the neck. And also more murders start to occur around the town. And they believe it was Blackwood. But how could he be back from the dead?Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law have a strange kind of romance. Or bro-mance. Though Rachael Mcaams plays his mysterious love interest of some sort, Irene Alder, I always sensed that Law ands Downey had a bit more of something.Another thing about the plot. Watson always feels tempted to go with Sherlock. Even when he is going on a date or something. The film is never boring, funny, and exciting., As I said before, see it. Although some might disagree, I believe that this adaptation of Sherlock Holmes is truer to the original than any of its predecessors. Downey's character seems to stand out quite well without being overshadowed by Jude Law who also played an excellent Watson. There was more action in this one that in previous version of the franchise, but I think that it was aptly suited for this day and age, where anything short of that might end up as a BBC miniseries. Overall its was fun, exciting from start to finish, had fair acting. I wish it could have lasted a bit longer and I sure hope, there is a sequel with the infamous Professor Moriaty. Overall good family film for all the ages. If you liked the Young Sherlock Holmes in the 80's, you will like this too. No matter how many times directors have tried to make a Sherlock Holmes film that's as accurate as it is entertaining, none have managed. At least, before this one came along.Robert Downey Jr does an extraordinary job in playing Sherlock Holmes. His accent is perfect, his tone and attitude are spot on, and his physical demeanour is just fantastic. They couldn't have picked a better actor for the job. The same goes for Watson. Jude Law is brilliant at portraying himself as the doctor that we know and love from the books.The film is historically accurate, true to the books, and it brings to life the writing that has entertained people for generations. If you haven't seen Sherlock Holmes, then go and buy it on DVD now! You won't regret it! What comes to our mind when wit meets excellence - Robert Down Jr...this fact is well explained in this movie. From the plot, storyline, action, drama, comedy everything seemed to be so perfectly placed. The interconnections and not a missing link leave the viewer amazed with excitement.
The brilliance lies in the creativity of Sherlock and his ability at seeing things with a different view. That is reason he benefits at finding the logical explanations of Lord Blackwood's evil activities. Lord Blackwood is shows himself as the Lord of the dark using the marvels of science. 
The first encounter of Sherlock and Mary at dinner and Sherlock using his intelligence at deciphering the details is one of the most comical moments. Dr Watson, a good friend has to suffer being a companion of Sherlock but is a die hard friend who never backs out. 
The cinematography and portrayal of the 19th Century civilization is done as a marvel and so is the acting. The most brilliant was the fight at the dockyard and release of the ship and gear almost killing Sherlock---realistic. 
But the most beauty was the sound effects that were perfectly timed and executed. From the subtle movement to the action packed fight one could find the brilliant sound effects. 
The little Puppy, Gladstone....he is the real sufferer....OMG
Desperate to watch the next part. Opening on Christmas Day, Sherlock Holmes showed itself to be worthy as a blockbuster hit. To be frank, I came with an expectation that the movie would be terrible. But I was proved wrong.Sherlock Holmes seems to be like the new James Bond: gritty, hardcore, and always ready for a good fight. He is not only intellectually sophisticated but also quite a brawler. Watson his side kick who is his loyal friend is always there to save his dear partner from harm's way. Irene plays the notorious thief and lover of Mr. Holmes. She is a wily character who keeps the reader guessing her motives.The cinematography of the movie was special because it showed parts of the film as Holmes' future logical deductions. The movie also used the tradition method of explaining the Sherlock Holmes deductions after given the facts and clues.Sherlock Holmes' evil nemesis play his part well. There were many humorous antics and displays of ingenious traps. The other minor characters also added to the crude humor and laughter.Overall, this movie deserves to be watched. It comes with sparkles of spontaneity and fun. And it may even leave you wanting a sequel! Give it a try! Wildly clever and wonderfully entertaining, Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes surpasses all expectations I had for the film, and takes a place as one of my favorite mysteries of the decade. Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law play Holmes and Watson, and both do so with great ease. Downey Jr. is by far the greatest standout in the film, truly capturing the mind of the character, while also giving him some much needed human qualities. Rachel McAdams also gives a grand performance as Irene Adler, and is certainly a character I will be hoping to see in future sequels. The film is quite enjoyable, with the pacing never seeming too slow, and the story keeping together quite well, despite some hard-to-follow attempts of showing certain events all the way through. The music in the film truly adds to the atmosphere and is quite delightful, as well as the costumes and set pieces throughout. Mark Strong's character of Lord Blackwood does seem a bit overdone at times, but it's all in good fun for a truly engaging and delightful mystery. In the end, Sherlock Holmes is one of the most enjoyable mysteries I have seen in quite a while, and I will be looking forward to what this duo uncovers next.
My Rating: 9.75/10 After seeing Robert Downy Jr as Iron man I thought that the character Tony Stark itself is a very funny person.
But just after watching this movie I completely became a fan of Robert. Reading the Sherlock Holmes' stories gave me a view of Sherlock Holmes that is completely maintained by Robert. If you went to the cinema anytime from early September last year, no doubt you would have seen the trailer for Guy Ritchie's first film not to be rated 18, Sherlock Holmes staring Robert Downey Jr as the enigmatic Mr Holmes, Jude Law as the faithful Dr Watson and Rachel McAdams as the only woman who has ever beaten Holmes twice, Irene Adler. Sherlock Holmes sees our favourite consulting detective and military doctor arrive just in time to save the latest victim of a string of ritualistic murders lead by Lord Blackwood, the only villain not mentioned in the original books by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Blackwood who, after being hung and miraculously manages to resurrected makes a plot that becomes a threat to all of England. Using all his knowledge and cunning Holmes must find and stop Blackwood before it's too late.Downey Jr is simply fantastic in this movie and one which introduced me to his talents and the whole world of Sherlock Holmes. Watching Downey, it's easy to forget that he is actually American with his superb attempt at the English accent that could put native Englishmen to shame. Downey brings a certain charm and charisma that is a far cry from the Deerstalker wearing, pipe smoking stuffy Victorian man the public remember. However, I do have one problem and that's with his pronunciation. As I've already said, Downey is American to play Holmes, at some points I do have to rewind it back and listen again with the subtitles on to work out what he's saying.Jude Law also brings Watson bang up to date. Gone is the fat baffled man we usually think of, to be replaced by one who can and will get stuck into anything he encounters. In this, we see Watson about to get married to his love interest Mary and it is quite clear that Holmes is finding it hard to let go of his best friend and work colleague.Jude and Robert's chemistry is phenomenal in this movie, with hints of bromance laced throughout; it's enough to make the all audience feel comfortable without getting too much like Brokeback Mountain.The Canadian actor Rachel McAdams, best know for her work in Mean Girls, The Notebook and Time Travellers wife, is also brilliant, making her character charming, dangerous and quite alluring at the same time. Men want her and women want to be her and looking at her co-star Robert Downey Jr who wouldn't? She probably had the hardest job as she had very little to go on for a character that had been in the original books.The best scene involves Holmes fighting in a low end bar to vent out his frustrations using slow motion camera movements where Holmes details exactly how he would beat his opponent with bone crunching results , literally.Some Sherlock Holmes purists may argue that the film is too far away from the books, but I disagree. If you watch carefully the movie refers to a lot of the detail without being an exact copy. Overall I thoroughly recommend this movie and can't wait for the sequel that begins filming this autumn. MAGNIFICENT.This is a hugely enjoyable adaption of Sherlock Holmes. Adaptations depart from their originals in movies through necessity - movies don't work like prose so new elements have to be introduced and ineffective ones removed, simple as that. Adaptations should be assessed on their own merits. A good rule of thumb in a re-imagining of an old story is to see how people who don't know the original react and my friend who didn't know much about Holmes thought this film was excellent.It's a funny movie! Most of the movie's driven by its humour and most of the humour comes from Holmes being wonderfully obnoxious.Many complaints will be/have been made regarding the new Holmes/Watson dynamic - I think it's hilarious. What would be the point of just re-filming the Brett take? The whole point of doing the same stories/characters again is to find different things and see if they work. I say this version of Holmes works! In fact...I'm really REALLY impressed with RDJ's and Guy Ritchie's take on Holmes - an OCD maniac with manipulative tendencies, impatient to the point of despair with what he must see as the slowness of those surrounding him, incapable of switching off his brain, never still. RDJ has made a Holmes that is frankly superhuman, not merely an elegant, witty and superbly disciplined intellectual, but some kind of freak that just can't stop analysing everything around him. It's actually more faithful to Conan Doyle's vision than a lot of people are going to give it credit for.And I'm ANNOYED with people complaining about the extra weight placed on fisticuffs in this movie - Guy Ritchie goes entirely out of his way to include a scene wherein Holmes wins his fight hands down not with superior brawn but with superior *knowledge*. And then has the sense to balance this with that huge French guy later in the movie to show that even Holmes isn't indestructible. The physical violence isn't predictable in this movie, it matters and adds weight and power to the story. It simply isn't comparable to the silly Matrix-styleeee fight scenes that have plagued the movie industry of late! AND they had Irene Adler. And they mentioned Mycroft. AND a certain someone else "appeared" who was portrayed very cleverly, oh yes, and oh YES, Mr Ritchie, if THAT'S what he's going to be like, I WILL come to watch your sequel! There's just one quibble. RDJ's Holmes was a teeny bit too cool for Mark Strong's Blackwood to confront convincingly. But never mind. with luck, Guy Ritchie will ramp up the baddie a notch or two in the next instalment... wink, wink, Mr Ritchie... EXPERIENCE THE REAL SHERLOCK HOLMES This is the authentic Sherlock Holmes, not the antiseptic version played by Basil Rathbone or Jeremy Bretts. The Robert Downey Jr. Holmes is closer to the Holmes created by Sir Arther Conan Doyle than any other portrayal I have seen. Holmes was a mess. An addict of many things and almost uncivilized. Holmes was also brilliant and expert in many things which this movie shows when no other have. As most genius characters, he did not fit in his world or his world's expectation of proper behavior.In this film, Guy Ritchie has left his marks, for certain and one of his marks is to portray life as it was or is in any period his characters are set. London itself was a filthy dirty city during that period. Good personal hygiene was pretty much found only among the upper class. So the setting is authentic as is the character. For those who have trouble understanding the story, or finding the mystery to be solved, that is, in itself authentic to the books. Frequently Holmes is solving a different mystery than the readers (and in this case the viewers) are led to believe. Twists and turn-abouts abound, authentic to a Doyle plot. In the end...well in then end I will not spoil it, but will strongly recommend this movie as the best Sherlock Holmes I have seen to date. If you want to experience the authentic Holmes - a genius misfit, then see this movie. The last man you would imagine as the ideal producer for "Sherlock Holmes" is none other than high-octane "Lethal Weapon" producer Joel Silver. Nevertheless, between action movie maestro Silver and audacious British director Guy Ritchie, the English counterpart to Martin Scorsese when it comes to making English mobster movies, Silver and Ritchie constitute a dynamic duo. Similarly, American actor Robert Downey, Jr., would seem least qualified to incarnate Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's immortal sleuth, but the "Iron Man" star makes it a neat fit. Well, neat might not be the appropriate word. While hygiene proves to be an annoyance to him, Robert Downey as Sherlock Holmes is nothing short of brilliant when he comes to making flawless deductions that would never occur to the less observant. Holmes notices the minutest detail, and he is forever cataloguing facts as well as experimenting with his own inventions, such as a handgun silencer. Silver and Ritchie have assembled a top-notch cast, including Jude Law, Mark Strong, and Rachel McAdams. Mind you, Holmes purists may hoist their supercilious eyebrows when they learn that Downey shuns the indispensable Basil Rathbone deerstalker cap and maintains a disheveled appearance. Incidentally, Rathbone played Holmes more times than anybody else in the Twentieth Century Fox/Universal Pictures franchise between 1939 and 1946. Meanwhile, Silver and Ritchie have lovingly recreated the Victorian setting in London during the 1890s, complete with Holmes' rooms at 221B Baker Street. The latest Holmes strives to be more charismatic and less haughty than either Nicol Williamson in "The Seven Per-Cent Solution" (1976) or Robert Stephens in "The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes" (1970). Freshman scenarist Michael Robert Johnson, "Invictus" scribe Anthony Peckman and Simon Kinberg of "X-Men: Last Stand" have penned a preposterous but wholly entertaining screenplay that bristles with 130 minutes worth of serpentine twists and turns. You will definitely get your money's worth. "Sherlock Holmes" pits Holmes with his faithful colleague, the dapper Dr. John Watson (Jude Law of "Cold Mountain"), against the Voldemortian-style villain, Lord Blackwood (creepy Mark Strong of "Body of Lies"), who conjures up more evil than Holmes has ever faced. The maniacal Blackwood invokes dark magic and kills helpless women to enhance his powers. Initially, Holmes and Watson thwart him from slaying his latest female victim. Scotland Yard's Inspector Lestrade (Eddie Marsan of "Miami Vice") packs the predator off to the poky for the inevitable date with the gallows that Blackwood so richly deserves for his dastardly crimes. Watson officiates as the doctor who confirms Blackwood's demise and signs the death certificate. No sooner has Blackwood been safely buried than the bugger shatters his tomb and walks the earth, creating hysteria in London, and making Watson look incompetent. Like any worthwhile villain, Blackwood has ambitious designs now that he is back among the living. Blackwood convinces everybody in London but Holmes that he possesses paranormal powers that make him indestructible. He plans to implement some sweeping changes in London as well as the world unless Holmes can thwart his evil designs.Robert Downey, Jr., and Jude Law generate the same chemistry that made Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce in the 1940s Sherlock Holmes movies so popular. Unlike Bruce's bumbling Watson, Law is treated as an intelligent equal to Holmes and they carry on some lively conversations. Usually, Watson isn't given much to do in these adventures, but Law shares a greater part of the burden. In "Sherlock Holmes," Watson dresses like a GQ Victorian gentleman and plans to marry Mary Morstan (Kelly Reilly of "Pride & Prejudice"), and Holmes does everything possible to prevent it. Incidentally, the character Mary Morstan appears in the Doyle novel "The Sign of Four" as Watson's lady friend. Meanwhile, Holmes has his own hands full of a seductress, Irene Adler (Rachel McAdams of "The Notebook"), who likes to slip knock-out drops in his drink and leave him in embarrassing predicaments. Indeed, Adler appeared as a character in multiple Doyle stories about Holmes. She has been sent to confound Holmes by an unknown individual in a carriage who wears a derringer up his sleeve.Holmes and Watson's bickering seems even more amusing than the larger-than-life action set-pieces that Ritchie orchestrates with vigor and aplomb. The funniest scene has Holmes battling a towering French ruffian who literally destroys a dry dock. Ritchie doesn't direct "Sherlock Holmes" like an ordinary mystery, but spruces it up with flash-forward scenes that dissect the action—usually Holmes' startling deductions—like something you would see in a "C.S.I." television episode. For example, in a "Snatch" like scene where Holmes boxes with a superior opponent, our hero explains how he will topple his adversary with various blows and then Ritchie presents it in real time. People who hate the idea of Holmes as a pugilist should go back to the source material. Doyle describes Holmes as a formidable bare-knuckles brawler in the novel "The Sign of Four" and Holmes even used martial arts against Moriarty in "The Adventure of the Empty House." Consequently, Holmes' boxing exploits are not a great stretch since his literary counterpart performed these feats in literature. When Holmes makes a deduction, Ritchie draws us back in time to when Holmes acquired his insight that prompted his deduction. The finale on the London Bridge, which is under construction, caps off this sprawling adventure. Whatever the case, "Sherlock Holmes" represents the first time in twenty years that a film about Doyle's eccentric amateur detective has illuminated screens in America since the 1988 comedy "Without a Clue" that starred Michael Caine as a fraudulent Holmes. Ultimately, your decision to see "Sherlock Holmes" will rest on your willingness to accept the makeover that Holmes received. It is really not that radical a stretch when you remember the 1985 movie "Young Sherlock Holmes" where Holmes and Watson were teenage colleagues. Most of what happens here with both characters can be traced back to the literary Holmes. Boasting brains and brawn, "Sherlock Holmes" is anything but elementary. We saw "Sherlock Holmes" on Christmas Day with a packed audience. Judging by my reaction and those in the theatre, everyone LOVED it! I was on the edge of my seat during the entire fast-paced and action packed movie. Unlike other reviews, I was surprisingly able to hear and understand the quick dialogue and English humor. I don't think I missed anything. I encourage anyone reading this to go see the movie and don't wait for it to come out on DVD. It is definitely one you want to see on the big screen. I loved the music too. Couldn't wait to rush home and order the soundtrack off Amazon.com. Great movie Guy Ritchie. Well Done! John Wick (2014) is the best revenge flick from Keanu Reeves of 2014 from The Matrix (1999) to John Wick (2014) another action fast paced, Entertaining slick action packed film, which kind I have never seen before. It is a very fun, straightforward action movie with an 80's sensibility. It's nice to see Keanu doing these types of roles again. It is one of my personal favorite Keanu Reeves movies. Keanu Reeves is a bad ass what a great action packed blood packed film. Movies should really learn from this on how to make a decent action film, especially with the crap we are getting today like escape plan bullet to the head and such. This film to me is the greatest action film to come out in this century. Keanu was phenomenal the action was so fast paced and exciting my jaw literally dropped as Keanu took out all the bad guys! I personally think this film is better then all Taken films combined. It was simply brilliant, it was made for 20 million dollars and I am glad it made 40 million in the US. I think this film deserved to make 100 million!Old school action with no shaky cam. Definitely the best stunt-man-turned-director-debut I've ever seen. The story is set about John Wick (Keanu Reeves) a retired assassin, who gets dragged back into his field when the Russian Mob put a hit out on him, but instead of killing John, they steal his classic Mustang and kill his newly acquired puppy. This sets John out to exact revenge on the whole mob in a no nonsense kind of way...multiple shots to the chest and one to the head for good measure type of justice. I've never seen a film where the gun play is this to the point and precise as this. I don't know what the body count is, but it's gotta be up there...way up there. Oh...and another thing...they actually reload the guns. Don't see that that often in films. It's got an all star cast of cameo/small roll characters, from Ian McShane, William Dafoe, and John Leguizamo, and I swear one of the bad guy henchman is that "Mayhem" Insurance guy. One of the Best Movie, that Keanu Reeves ever made. From start to finish. Non stop action, all scenes look very realistic. ( The best action movie of the year. ) I Love this movie so much I think the people behind this movie made a great astonish action movie. There are other things in the movie that I love so much. I even think John Wick is so much better than 47 Ronin (2013) that Keanu Reeves made. The most that I love in this movie is Adrianne Palicki as Ms. Perkins I think she did one of the best job portraying and playing the most memorable female assassin I have ever seen. Ms. Perkins made me realized and inspired me that there are a lot of women who choose occupation as a female assassin hired by the mob. There were a lot of female actresses who played an assassin but I have never see any women portrayed like that. Adrianne Palicki is a bad ass! She even played Lady Jaye in the G.I. Joe Team's covert operations a specialist in the movie G.I. Joe: Retaliation (2013) one of my favorite movies. The fight sequence between John Wick and Viggo Tarasov is real and very realistic I did not see any CGI in it. This wouldn't be an action movie without some action. There's plenty of it, and it's perfectly done. The The stunts are completely insane in scale. There is a lot of gun play and powder even the guys reload guns. There are even Daniel Bernhardt from Bloodsport II and The Matrix Reloaded in it. And he was perfect in here and the fight scenes with Keanu Reeves were well done by him. This is the first time In the movie I see Willem Dafoe been the good guy. I haven't seen him in decades playing the good guy since Platoon (1986) my favorite Vietnam war movie! The last thing about the movie I want to say that John Wick was a dog lover and I love dogs. I love how he avenge the puppy's death by mobsters who killed him and than he saved another puppy from the animal shelter when he was wounded. He wasn't a superhero without any bruises on him he was wounded. Keanu Reeves did a wonderful job better than he did in Knock Knock (2015) I only hope they want screwed up the sequel and making much better action movie than the first was.When sadistic young thugs senselessly attack John Wick (Keanu Reeves)-a brilliantly lethal ex-assassin-they have no idea they've messed with the wrong guy. With New York City as his bullet-riddled playground, Wick embarks on a merciless rampage, hunting down his adversaries with the skill and ruthlessness that made him an underworld legend That is the main plot the rating I am giving this movie is a 10/10 because It deserves it. John Wick is something special. It takes as much time setting up elaborate action sequences as it does the world with which it all takes place in. And what a world it is. It reminds me of Millers Crossing and it is cooler than any other recent attempt at noir. We are shown a criminal underworld where, if you are connected, many powerful people know who you are and show you respect. John Wick was connected but he got out. He is the rare killer who has found peace, and he is grateful for that peace. Some young kids steal that from him and he does what he does best, he wages a one man war against the Russian Mafia. It might sound like the film takes quite a leap but it all makes sense. The motives of John and the people who get in the way of his bullets are all very clear, even if it does come across as rather simple. That's the plot at it's most basic. Then there's the action. The film is directed by Reeve's stuntman from The Matrix, so this guy knows action. There are sequences that flow so smoothly it puts other action films and their quick cuts to shame. Keaunu moves so fluidly throughout the film and comes across as such a natural that the only disappointment is that we have not seen him like this before. Along the way are plenty of character actors, fans of The Matrix and The Wire will recognize a few people then there are more obvious ones like Ian McShane and Willem Dafoe. Everyone seems to be having a good time. That is another plus for this movie. It get's dark at times but overall it is quite fun, not very chipper, but fun. I cannot recommend this movie enough. I believe it is a must see for action fans and for anyone looking for something a bit different from the usual fare. What a great movie, This movie is a non-stop fun roller-coaster ride. I love Keanu Reeves. He is perfect in this film. This is the type of movie people will see over and over again. Waited in a long line to see it but it was well worth it. Amazing special effects, great acting, great everything. Best movie I have seen all year. Keanu Reeves is back after a long break and he is better than ever. This is like a combination of Speed and the Matrix combined. Directors Leitch and Stahelski have created a beautiful looking action picture, one that is large enough to deserve the IMAX experience.John Wick is the real deal. It is a amazing action picture, filled with strong performances by a cast, along with superb action set-pieces and a genuinely interesting world to boot. Reeves commands the screen and reminds us why he is still a genuine movie star. This movie is filled with action, highly recommend it to someone who loves action movies. I got to go to a press screening last night! The movie is brilliantly paced, with fantastic (nonshaky cam) action that all feels fresh, new, innovative and unique. Had the theater gasping through each action set piece. the main character despite his unique skill set is very relatable. Keanu was at the top of his game and the director used Keanu's strengths and didn't bring up any weaknesses. Also Don't WATCH any more than the first trailer because I thought it spoiled a major part of the first act MINOR SPOILER ALERT (but was mentioned in the trailer so it shouldn't be a spoiler) the fate of his dog is revealed and would be better not knowing it going into the first act of the film. The supporting cast was great, except whenever i saw the State Farm guy (Mayhem), it took me out of the movie a little bit. But the film brings me right back in! I can't wait to see this again! It doesn't necessarily need to be seen in theaters but any movie is better in the theaters. The most surprising thing about the movie is how funny it is. i found myself grinning and laughing along with the rest of the theater throughout. Yet it doesn't drown out the Intense Drama that is the sturdy shell holding the movie together smoothly. The world that was set up was done perfectly and even though i don't want a sequel i would definitely see one either set in same universe or continuing the story arch from this movie. However the movie does stand on its own two feet as one that has a conclusive ending. The only flaw i found leaving the movie was that the dialogue at the end was a bit muffled. but this was a test screening so i'm sure that will be fixed by the time the movie is released. So for that i give this movie a 9.5/10 and recommend this to pretty much anyone with a like of action movies (yes even if you're female you will still enjoy this movie at least for the first 2 acts) No major spoilers. If you like the action genre done well. Watch John Wick. Vehicles flying around at high speeds, great gun play and kungfoo stuff. This is an action movie! Yes a very violent one and done well.Its been a few years since we have had a well made action movie for a mature audience that could warrant being a new trilogy. Unlike The Expendables. This one is it. But if it dose not happen. Its sure to be a singular cult classic. Especially with its refusal to be a shoot em up style of show, but a shoot em in the face style of show. As well that one of the main plot features, put simply, is that Wick is seeking out vengeance because of the murder of his puppy. Any way no more info. Watch and enjoy. It's pretty much a comic book. The John Wick Universe. Step up from the Matrix. Minimal CG which was cool. It's over the top because that's what it was going for. Finally! An actual action movie with good action in it and an absolute diamond in the fluff. Instead of the usual Hollywood action films as of late, they managed to not sacrifice quality for wokeness-diversity-oppression-de-jour.This needs to be cancelled immediately. I didn't know what to expect out of this movie. When I saw the trailer, I wasn't really impressed. Nothing about it really caught my attention. But then I started hearing things about John Wick, very good things, and ratings for it were high. That's what really caught my attention for it.John Wick is a former hit-man who retired from his profession when he found a woman he loved. When his wife dies suddenly, John wishes to grieve alone until a few days later when he realizes his wife left behind one final gift for him; a puppy. After a minor altercation leads to an even bigger one when thugs decide to break in, steal his car, and kill his dog, John Wick decides that retirement would have to wait until his revenge is fulfilled.What makes John Wick different from other shoot em' up movies is that we're provided with details of John's former life, including old partners and a hotel front which leads the audience eager to wonder the many tales that can be told about John Wick. The movie is fast paced, never really a dull moment, and it always keeps you wondering what he's going to do next and how. Also, his style. John Wick loves using the double tap to his advantage.What else can I say? John Wick is an amazing movie and I can't wait to see what the sequel(s) will provide for us. Bad asss movie I love it, it was totally worth the watch. Forget all the Nancy's that want a movie with meaning. If you're looking to get some kind of emotional connection or value out of this movie, then this is not the movie for you.However, if you're a guy that ever enjoyed renting VHS or DVD action flicks with your pop, then THIS IS ONE THRILL RIDE YOU WILL ENJOY. Cool music from Marilyn Manson, as well as some techno, accompanies all the great action. If you like 'The Replacement Killers' or 'Running Scared' (Paul Walker flick, not the 80's movie), then you should enjoy this also.Keanu Reeves plays one serious bad azz, and could potentially become the next action star. John Wick is an incredible action movie. Keanu Reeves gives an incredibly committed performance, emotionally as well as physically. Ian Mcshane, Michael Nyqvist and John Leguizamo all give great supporting performances. The world is interesting and well explored. The direction by Chad Stahelski and David Leitch is incredible, especially the action which is amazing, beautifully filmed and the best part of the film. The music by Tyler Bates and Joel J. Richard and the songs are both amazing. why a ten? let me tell you why this movie got a ten from me, and i'll try to keep it short.it got weather forecast, it got tragic story, hence the funeral, it got a Mustang, it got a dog, it got some Russian punk, it got tharshy songs, it got some V8 soundtrack, it got house burglary, it got more funeral, it got chop shop, it got Russian mob, it got assassin squad, it got guns, it got clean up crew, it got gold coins, it got a Camaro, it got nightclub, it got some techno songs, it got hot chicks, it got more guns, it got systems, it got old friends, it got old acquaintance, it got bad blood, system got f*cked up, it got more, well,you get my point. and i haven't finish drinking my soda just yet.try watching this movie in your nearby cinema. i promise you, its money well spent. cheers If you don't like action movies, don't bother. However, if you do like action movies, this is a must.This movie fixes everything they screwed up in Jack Reacher. I'm quite proud of Hollywood on this count. If you liked Jack Reacher, you'll love John Wick. If you didn't like Jack Reacher but still like action movies, you will like this.This movie belongs in the greats for male character development, right up there with Crank and Riddick, but somewhere below Army of Darkness, Gladiator, Rambo, and Die Hard. I know it's been a while since Keanu Reeves has done something good (thinking Matrix Reloaded), but he has seriously redeemed himself here. Smart, edgy, quirky and action packed revenge film highlighted by a stellar lead performance by Keanu Reeves and equally effective supporting villainous role by the late Michael Nyquist. As good a shoot-em-up action film as there is. John Wick is one of the best action-pack film of the year. Keanu Reeves is at his best since The Matrix. "Lots of Action", "Badass" "Incredible Story" and " An Unforgettable Thrill Ride" and this is why you go to the movies, with the Best Action Movie of 2014 Fun, just fun. Not your typical action movie. Not messy like a lot of them are typically now. The fighting and gunplay is very smooth, yet also highly graphics and violent. The story, about a retired hitman seeking revenge over the death of his dog, is simple, but since Jon Wick is portrayed as a tragic, sympathetic character, its good enough. Reeves also turns in a surprisingly good performance. If nothing else, this movie deserves respect for its attention to detail. These filmmakers really know what they are doing, they craft and layer this thing with a passion that makes it highly pleasurable to view, right down to the subtitled conversations, being very in sync with whoever is speaking, to a degree that makes reading them faster. That's what this movie is, fast, quick, constant action, with a simple effective story and great performances, also with a passion and professionalism that makes it stand out from the rest. It has earned its spot as a milestone for the genre, based on that alone. A film with everything you need!Filled with Karma, violence, good story and a hint of sadness.What else can you want? This is a Badass movie with a Badass main character called John Wick played by Keanu Reeves and this actor gave a good performance and his character was so cool and he kicked everyone's ass in the film!. I thought this was a very good film it was fast paced and action packed from beginning to end which is what makes the film so good. Also the story is straight forward and to the point. The film may not be perfect or Great but it is a fun action packed film that Never gets boring. The acting was good from everyone and I liked the John Wick character despite the fact that he used to be a hit man. John was just a very cool character he's a character you will route for while watching this movie I know I did. This film has no major problems in my opinion.the only negative thing I can say about the film is the story was not great or original but who cares about originality when a film is this action packed!. This is one of the most action packed films I've seen all year!.it was just as good as captain America the winter soldier.The story to John Wick is pretty simple it's about a retired hit man who loses his wife and he is so miserable after losing her that he wants to leave his old life behind. John Wick tries to leave behind his old life and just be a normal guy and he receives a gift from someone which turns out to be a puppy and his wife wanted him to have it when she passed away,it was her final gift to him. John Wick bonds with the puppy and grows to really like it but one night a group of gangsters break into his house and kill his dog and beat him up then they steal his car and get away.The next day the boy tells his dad what he did and his Dad figures out who the person is and tells his son that he messed with the wrong man!.we find out the boys dad is actually a gangster too and he knows a lot of dangerous people including John wick. I love the dialogue he spoke.(its not what you did son it's WHO you did it to.) That nobody.that nobody is John Wick!.Nobody messes with John Wick!. The son says I'm not afraid of John Wick.The Dad says you should Be.then the boy says who is he the bogeyman?.The dad says he's not the bogeyman he's the man you send to kill the bogeyman!.I thought that was really funny dialogue and I laughed at that.The film has touches of dark humour in it which I liked but the best thing about this film is the Badass over the top action!. John Wick basically goes after the same men that attacked him and killed his dog,he's angry and he wants vengeance and he takes his vengeance and beats up and kills dozens of gangsters. Without a doubt John Wick is one of the coolest gangster revenge films I've ever seen.the fight scenes were well choreographed and the directing and editing were also good and the film has a good idea about a motel for hit men which I thought was funny. In all honesty John Wick is more of a serious film and not a funny one but I noticed small bits of Dark humour in it. One of the best scenes in the movie is when John Wick shoots and beats up dozens of people in the night club!. John Wick just blows his way past all of them! Like a killing machine! and he keeps going until he gets to the boy that killed his dog. The story may sound ridiculous but it's not,it actually WORKS in this film because of the seriousness of the situation. John Wick also has fun lines of dialogue like people keep on asking me if I'm back well yeah I'm thinking I'm back!. John Wick knows how to fight and he is a Badass killing machine in this movie! And I wanted him to get his revenge on the gangsters that ruined his life. John Wick was a brutal character but he's also a character you want to see kick ass and get revenge because the bad guys deserve it. Basically the John wick character snaps and goes on a massacre. It was obvious that losing his wife was hard enough for him but when he lost his dog too it sent him over the edge which is why he did what he did. To sum things up the film has good fight scenes and good gun fights. There is never a boring moment in this film it's pacing is great it was always moving and it was a blast to watch.it is a very Entertaining Badass Action Film!. The movie was one Kick-Ass movie, I recommend it to everyone! (SPOILER ALERT)The special effects were off the chart (still had to close my eyes for a fair amount of the head shots). On top of that, the wrestling maneuvers and the focused shots were a thing of beauty - EXCELLENT choreography. Damn it, Keanu you just keep getting better and better. LololWatching the Mustang fly was just beautiful - I pray he got to keep her - WOW! Beautiful '69. The SS Camero, isn't my favorite by a long shot - clunky tanks, but if you got to go out on manhunt maneuvers, you might as well as have one of the toughest, civilian tanks with you - especially if it had the positraction. :) The last car, a gift from the hotel, was a blank slate - both in it's lack of detail, and my knowledge of new cars. Fortunately, I saw one on the way home and it ended up being a Dodge Challenger. Blew me away and it was a real crime to see it get pushed over the side of the dock. The car was just a thing of beauty.The plot was unassuming, romantic and sentimental and perfectly in line with the main character - an assassin who bought his way out of a nightmare shitty world into of normalcy for the Ultimate Meaning of Life - Love. If you spent most of your life with your emotions completely cut off, what would you do to keep that emotional connection alive? Cut out the maggot promoters of that worthless life, and regain the emotional connection that helps you live? "Hell, Yeah."In this case, a gang of old-school Russian pigs, not unlike some I've met in the past, but thankfully rarely exists today. Since the John Wick story is a case of self-protection and a commitment to family emotional ties, it fit perfectly with our Texan philosophy. A woman would do well to have such a man as the John Wick character to protect the one gift she gave him - Love. The death of the long-haired vixen and the manhunt of the sniveling Ruski, was just icing on the cake. Bottom-feeders, self-promoters and stealers of lives - well, enough said.Get out there and see this movie. You will love it ! ! ! I don't have enough words to say about this movie.It is perfect i love action movies and this movie has everything to be a great action.The story is very nice,the acting is great,the fighting and shooting scenes are great and everything else is awesome.I waited so long for a movie like this.Keanu Reeves is a great actor and the way he played John Wick is great.Also they worked very good on the back story in the movie which makes the movie perfect and enjoyable.I know some people always have doubts about action movies because some of them can be boring not a good story lame characters and etc,but not this one this is a masterpiece. This movie is one of my favorites.And i think a sequel would be great. This is the perfect middle-aged progression of the ass-whipping genre. We've still got it! We can still kick booty! The movie doesn't pretend to be anything it isn't, and delivers everything it is supposed to; graphically violent, but hey, its gangsters getting offed, so the heart strings stay intact while the pulse-pounding action ensues. The fight scenes were well executed, unique, so the predictability didn't matter. One does find oneself saying, "Really? Get another car and dog". I would have changed the dog explanation, instead of "it gave me hope", which didn't make sense, something about it being the last gift from beyond the grave of his beloved wife to remind him of her wishes for his future, thus a personal reminder of walking away from dirt like Ioseph, which would have been a better segue for Viggo's speech. The gas station scene could have made it a little clearer Wick was tenuously hanging onto inexplicable aggressions after losing his wife prematurely, later made clear when we discover the truth of his occupation. Gripping fingers white on the steering wheel? It also needed some explanation why Wick only had a beagle puppy for an alarm system, unlikely for a former hit man. Former, not ex. Ioseph might have explained when Viggo is chastising him for riling the Boogeyman, "That explains why his security system was so good; we almost didn't get in". One line. Then show Wick disarming it before the big home invasion. So many intriguing touches like the "dinner reservations", the gold coins, the Carlton, and Ian McShane running it. Although I don't think he should have called John "Jonathan", totally different name unless they spelled it Jon Wick. Great to see Keanu Reeves in a movie that he was perfect for and in. Totally believable in the roll. Like many attractive men, his looks have evolved into "distinguished", and more awesome to watch on the big screen. He has that star charisma that never fades and it's too bad we don't see more of him. Almost no role was a throw-away: John Luguizamo; perfect, Willem Defoe; spot-on, Michael Nyqvist; riveting. Really well cast all of it, although Dean Winters' role seemed strangely superfluous. And, of course, we wanted Wick to get his car back! Maybe when the hotel manager slid car keys across the counter and said it was a gift, Keanu recognizes his Mustang keys, slides them back and says, "Hang onto that for me, I'll take what I came in". Definitely buying this when it comes out on DVD. Yes I love John Wick to death it is a Non-stop action, I am a huge Keanu Reeves fan I love his movies. But John Wick from 2014 is one of my personal favorite action films of all time. It is bad-ass fast paced action revenge movie about a new kick-ass action hero one man army type. Directed was by Chad Stahelski and David Leitch who both did well job done. The story, the action, the gun blaze action is all in here. Explosions heavy automatic weapons who are used well.The only thing I did not like are the characters not all, but some of the characters I did not like in here and I did not care for. One of the reasons is why I have enjoy the sequel much more it was more creative and passed than the original John Wick. The was made for 20 million budget in 2014 and made 40 million in the US. Keanu Reeves, Adrianne Palicki, John Leguizamo, Willem Dafoe and Michael Nyqvist R.I.P. did a good job playing their characters.A retired assassin seeks vengeance against a mobster's son and his cronies for stealing his car and killing his puppy, a final gift from his deceased wife.This is a revenge film about retired professional lethal assassin who retired years ago with honor for his wife. He made impossible job for Russian Gangster to get out. His wife died by a disease after the funeral John received a present a beautiful puppy from his wife. When sadistic young Russian thugs senselessly attack John Wick and kill his puppy and the last hope of redemption. John bury his puppy and armed him self like an one man army as Schwarzenegger Commando and goes after bad guys like a pure bad-ass he is. He kills all hit-mans who try to take him out until he get's the mobster son.One of the best bad-ass action films of all time since 2014 the same time come out The Equalizer with Denzel Washington and that movie sucked I hated it. It was major disappointment John Wick proved it was no major disappointment but it was major improvement or lack of actions today. This movie was old school action with no shaky cam. So creativity in which in the movie is seen The Continental for members of the city's underworld. It is frequented by many hit-men and notorious murderers who live by code and rules in this hotel, if they break those rules, they die on horrible way and they are revoked. That is what I mean we see a world with assassins members who live in The Continental Hotel.Keanu Reeves become new kick-ass action hero on his own mission of vengeance. I am a huge Keanu Reeves fan I love this movie to death, I love Keanu's performance and also Keanu does not want the movie become a spin off or series. This movie should have three movies so that trilogy will end well. I support Keanu Reeves so much from The Matrix movies, Speed, Constantine, Street Kings and John Wick both of the films I love those movies to death.Adrianne Palicki as Ms. Perkins was great villain as lethal assassin who was hired by Viggo Tarasov to kill John Wick that is one of the reasons why I love this film to death. The fight between Ms. Perkins and John Wick is bad-ass I love it. I love Ms. Perkins to death I love, love, love and admire Adrianne Palicki so much.John Leguizamo had a little role in the movie but I like him and Willem Dafoe plays a lot of characters villains such a Green Goblin / Norman Osborn in Spider-Man and John Geiger in Speed 2: Cruise Control. Most memorable to me is Sgt. Elias in Platoon (1986) who plays a good guy and in this movie he plays Marcus a retired assassin and a friend of John Wick who saves John Wicks life.I love the beautiful songs played in the movie Killing Strangers by Marilyn Manson feat Tyler Bates, In My Mind - M86 ft. Susie Q, Think by Kaleida, Who You Talkin' to Man? by Ciscandra Nostalghia it has beautiful songs in the movie I love. The movie has tons of action , multiple explosions and tons of bullets fired. The film wouldn't be an action movie without some action there is plenty of it. You see a lot of car chases and cars flying over cliff stunt-man is crazy driven a car in the movie.John Wick is about entertaining action about a world of assassins who lives by the rules of The Continental is all about the action and it goes above and beyond in every respect. John Wick has the potential to be the next great action franchise. This is my personal favorite action film I would defiantly put between The Terminator and the Rambo movies. The original John Wick movie is a creative action revenge movie that goes beyond the limits. I wish we would get action movies like this more. I have this movie on Blu-ray disc in my collection. Yeah, corny title for a review of a very not corny movie. I knew going in that it was going to be a solid frame of gratuitous violent action, and I was not disappointed. I've re-watched this movie a number of times and I love it every single time. I hate the dog killing scene (as I have dogs of my own) but root for him the entire time he takes his violent vengeance (as is completely justified and should anyone ever harm one of my dogs, they should expect similar response from me ;) ) but it honestly makes the plot so much more. It actually engenders an emotional investment from the audience, as they cheer on John in his quest to avenge his fallen pet.The best part though, is the fact that Keaneau Reeves actually understands what he is doing and it shows. That little bit of authenticity (there's video of him training for this on YouTube, and he does it every bit as well as the pros do) just takes this movie up and over the edge to awesome!!There's not a lot to think about here, but when you just want a nice chill evening with no deep thoughts, this movie will definitely work, and it won't put you to sleep. I just finished watching this movie.I can only say that I tremendously enjoyed it from start to finish. It is one of Keanu Reeve's best performances since Speed and the movie itself is exceptionally good...I repeat. Exceptionally good.If you liked Taken 1 (Liam Neeson) then you will love this. I would have to even say this is a notch better than Taken 1 as it has a lot more action and the fight sequences are very well done.Anyone that says this movie is bad or complains about the plot or acting etc. needs a reality check. Action movies have never been known for their story lines and all the drama etc., it's an action flick so it won't win any big Oscars for acting etc. but it will give you a thrilling joyride.I highly recommend this movie and congratulations to the film and crew on making this instant classic. The best film in the era of Daniel Craig as James Bond. Supremely well acted. The best performances are by Craig, Dench and Bardem who are prize. Great action scenes, big issue that touches past Bond and M which little is known. Sam Mendes does a masterful job directing this installment of James Bond. Realmete with this film you can compare Danie Craig Sean Connolly. 'Could we discuss the next part of your performance over that drink?' asks the glittering Severine (Berenice Marlohe) from a suave tuxedoed James Bond (Daniel Craig). And indeed, this 23rd Bond outing, superbly directed by the usually reliable Sam Mendes, does just that, pausing appropriately to settle down leisurely over a drink, for some flirtation, some tense verbal confrontation, some self-reflection and brooding just before cutting away to some clean-cut, thrilling action. The result is the uniquely named 'Skyfall' a Bond film so full of the vintage charm and charisma yet fashioned in modern, urban and instantly accessible style that it ends up being one of the finest films of the franchise.Yes, Mendes' film is a solid revamp of the Bond franchise, bringing in welcome dollops of humor, luxury and sensuality that went missing from the franchise with the last outing. And impressively enough, there is enough emotion without slowing things down, enough tension and action without making it too frenetic and the pacing is so, so perfect that you seldom feel the film falling short or dragging too long.Pretty much everyone would agree that the 60s were the heyday of the Bond films. Those Sean Connery-starrers were primarily all about the leading man and his ladies but each was fashioned with such a slick ease, wise-ass humor and layer-cakes of moments that we embraced them all as subversive classics. 'Skyfall' fortunately, is a film that reaches up to that caliber.Clearly, the best thing about the film is the pacing. Mendes is in no hurry to let the film unravel. The story begins in Istanbul, with Bond and his side-kick Eve Moneypenny (a sharp-tongued Naomie Harris, smarter than ever), chasing down a man with a list. The action scenes come in neatly and the opening pursuit shifts from a hectic bike chase on the rooftops to the cliff-hanging fight on top of the train and it all looks truly spectacular.The plot is simple enough- MI6 is under attack from a former agent- a renegade named Silva (Javier Bardem) who has a knack for orchestrating terrorist attacks with a simple click of the mouse. But trust me, this has to be one of the smoothest Bond outings in recent years; Mendes smartly and adroitly navigates the action from Istanbul to alternately grey and sunny London and from the stunning Shanghai to the villain's lair- ideally an abandoned island and finally in Bond's ancestral home in rural Scotland's foggy moors, setting the stage for a truly dramatic experience.And, boy, it delivers. For all the charm that it delivers, this has to be one of the most intimately dramatic Bond outing since ages. The plot is about how the ubiquitous computer can be used as a weapon for security breach but more importantly, this is a film that pairs both Bond and his nemesis in the same light- both are tortured souls, both were MI6 heroes who had been left for the dead in the name of protocol and duty and M, played superbly by Judi Dench, looms like a domineering matriarch over both the men. Silva's angst is against M's cold-blooded dedication to her duty, and Bond feels some of it as well but the latter clings to his morals out of loyalty to his nation. The stakes are downright personal and high and clearly each scene of action or searing tension feels immediate, urgent and the film gels with us on a personal level.But none of it jars. Smartly enough, everything is on an even keel- the action feels perfectly urgent but it does not stretch, the drama is poignant and painful, the humor comes in like a fresh breath into the taut proceedings and it all works impeccably as smoothly as the click of a mouse itself.'Skyfall' also proves quite what everyone is saying since 2006's 'Casino Royale- that Daniel Craig is the best Bond we had since Connery. This is a film where he is never as before- instead of the hardened, brutal action hero we were handed last time, here is a more relaxed Bond, clearly at greater ease, flirting with women and sparring with M and Q (an impressive Ben Whishaw) with equal dry charm and sarcasm. He makes his one-liners blaze and his quieter moments are played out with a subtlety. He rules the film without trying too hard. It is a solid, compelling act.And he is matched by the villain as well. Super performer Javier Bardem shows up in an unforgettable role as the menacing Silva, a man whom you might cringe at yet a character who stays with us as long as he is there in the film. He flips between smooth talking to a nasty edge with superb ease and his confrontation with Bond is clearly the highlight of the film. This is also an action film where the cinematographer also stands out. The work of veteran lens-man Roger Deakins is clearly one of the best things in this film. Deakins bathes each frame, from the action and suspense to the more reflective and emotional sequences with a fantastic play of light, shadow, shade, texture and perspective. Everything looks stunning, perfectly placed and in balance yet urgent and explosive.'Skyfall' is clearly a Bond film for the ages. The layer-cakes of vintage moments are perfectly underlined with a modern style- the scene between Q and Bond is a moment of self-reflexive humor, clearly revealing the generation gap between the two and the one between the new and the old Bond. Clearly, this is a film that has something for both the fans of old and fans of new. And that is a grandstanding achievement itself.Thank you, Daniel Craig. Thank You, Javier Bardem and thank you, Sam Mendes, for making me believe in James Bond again.Now, give us some more. Ah! It was worth the wait. "Skyfall" is loaded with jaw-dropping awesome stunts and special effects, one of the most beautiful and tragic Bond girls ever--the stunning Bérénice Marlohe, and a brilliant theme song from the fabulously talented Adele and producer Paul Epworth lushly orchestrated by J.A.C. Redford. There is sizzling homo erotic tension between Daniel Craig's perfect Bond and Javier Bardem's Silva, a villain the likes of which have never been seen in this franchise. Dame Judi Dench's marvelous "M" is set up for retirement from the onset of the film. Dench, who has portrayed M for seven Bond films--a record- -is given the screen time she deserves to honor her character. While Craig's "Casino Royale" remains my favorite with its bloody and raw portrayal of the spy business and most tender Bond romance since "On Her Magesty's Secret Service," "Skyfall" is full and satisfying and among the best films of its kind released this season. It has been a long ride for the Bond series, since the creation of the character there have been 15 novels by Ian Fleming, plenty of spin-off novels, comics, cartoons and video games and the film series is now 50 years old. There have been an extraordinary 23 official films, but few as extraordinary as Skyfall.After a mission goes wrong in Istanbul, MI6 loses a hard drive containing a list of all NATO agents within terrorist cells, and James Bond (Daniel Craig) is presumed Killed in Action. M's (Judi Dench) competence is questioned and the Chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee, Gareth Mallory (Ralph Fiennes) plans to replace her. Making matters worse, a cyber-terrorist targets MI6 and M personally, getting a hold of the list and causing an explosion within MI6's headquarters. An older, more damaged Bond then returns to duty to serve Queen and Country, having to prove he is in shape before going on the search to find the terrorist.Skyfall is a long-awaited film thanks to MGM's financial woes, but it delivers. Skyfall takes a darker approach as we've seen with the past couple films and it's very character driven, yet Sam Mendes and the screenwriters still provide a massive injection of fun. Like most Bond films, Skyfall starts with an incredible chase sequence in Istanbul and continues strongly from then on, including a very stylish silhouette fight in Shanghai. The action scenes sequences were pristinely shot and practical effects were at the forefront.A challenge for the Bond series has always been real-world relevance. The series has faced down all challenges, from the end of the Cold War to the War on Terror. Skyfall tackles the changing nature of espionage. MI6 is no longer the shadowy organisation that the British government denied existed; it has to face the realities of the 24-hour media age we live in and the democratic accountability that incurs.The nature of the threats have changed, Bond faces a cyber-terrorist and along with the new Q, both could cause more damage than Bond can. In the real world, we have seen what Anonymous is capable of and seen how the Stuxnet worm affected the Iranian nuclear program. But there is always a need for people in the field to investigate. As M says, she is scared of this new world because many of the West's enemies are now faceless and nationless, and this element can work in the series' favour. Versatility has always been a Bond hallmark, which is why it is so enduring.Skyfall also goes full circle for Bond, as the filmmakers reintroduce popular characters, gadgets and humour. In Casino Royale, Bond is a young man who is bold, arrogant and reckless but can get the job done; in Skyfall, Craig is playing an older Bond who is both physically and emotionally vulnerable.The idea of an older Bond was briefly touched on in the unofficial film Never Say Never Again, but that was more to accommodate a 52-year-old Sean Connery being in the role. In Skyfall there is actual thematic reasons behind it. Craig gives another excellent performance, cementing his reputation as both a great actor and a great Bond, and the script treats him more as a character than an archetype. Along with M's character arch, the film tackles a theme of facing the past so it can be cleansed.The casting of Javier Bardem was a coup for the series and we as Bond fans are rewarded with a great villain. Bardem makes out Raoul Silva to be a man with seemingly camp mannerisms, but the master planner has a very sinister delivery. He has a complex, tragic background but he is not like other Bond villains looking for control, world domination, money or even self-preservation: he simply wants revenge.Skyfall is a great milestone to celebrate Bond's 50th birthday on film, and the Easter eggs for fans aren't overbearing, but rather nice touches. The last anniversary Bond film, Die Another Day, was a disaster and regarded as one of the worst Bond films. It felt like it had to keep referencing the previous films. Skyfall features a few major references to previous Bond films: Bond getting injured (The World is Not Enough), Bond faking his death (You Only Live Twice), the gun that can only work with Bond's palm print (Licence to Kill) and a similar villain to the one in Goldeneye. But these are references you would want to find, not being forced upon you.Skyfall felt very much like end of one chapter and the start of a new one. Mendes and the writers were able to reintroduce many tropes of the Bond series and still give them a modern and believable twist. For a film that has a 143-minute running time (the second longest Bond film), Skyfall never felt like it dragged and it was an exciting, entertaining film.Please visit www.entertainmentfuse.com Skyfall is a special James Bond Movie. Suddenly there was a 964 Astin Martin and Bond said "we're going back in time" to M, thats very neat. The story line has a car chase near the beginning, Bonds obituary shown in the trailer so no spoiler intended. There is Bonds road to recovery and testing. Bond thinks he passed by the skin of his teeth. The Villain brags that bond failed all of the tests, range, psychological, medical other. The bottom line is that the head of British Intelligence saw Bond as fit for the field. The screenplay is very good. One of my James Bond short stories was called Golden train with a fight on the top of a train tunnel and a sniper aiming at the train written in 2010. Commander James Bond celebrate 50 years of the Bond movie franchise with style the most successful movie franchise ever. It's James Bond's 50th anniversary, and the 23rd Bond film, Skyfall, proves that there's still some bullets left in his Walter PPK. The plot of Skyfall is simplistic, a hard drive containing the identities of every secret agent embedded in terrorist organizations around the world is stolen, but it's how director Sam Mendes turns the film more so into a chess match than a whodunit, that marks this entry. The flamboyant villain, Silva, is an aggressive mastermind, manipulating the actions of MI6 through cyberterrorism, forcing M, MI6, and Bond to play defense the entire film, trying to keep out of checkmate, and in the end Bond and M retreat to Bond's boyhood home, Skyfall, to try to get Silva to drop his defenses.The thing about Skyfall, is that it is different than any other Bond film before it. It's a somber experience, almost melancholy. It's not cranked up to 11, it's not a simple bad guy wanting to take over the world story, in so many ways it's a character piece. The biggest action sequence is the Istanbul opening where 007 chases a bad guy across cars, motorcycles, and trains, and the rest of the film gets gradually smaller and smaller in scale, until all that is left are Bond, M, and Silva. It's the way their pasts come back to haunt them that is the spine of Skyfall. Bond still clings to the death of his parents, M is questioning her past decisions to sacrifice agents when the ends justified the means, and Silva is bitter over M having sacrificed him on a mission long ago, like she does with Bond in the opening. Unlike any other Bond film, it's about the relationships that these characters have with one another that shapes the narrative and the action. Bond's trust in M is tested, leading him down a certain path of action, but then it's reinforced, and then he stops at nothing to protect her from Silva. That is the true brilliance of Skyfall, it doesn't shy away from showing the humanity of these characters, or how their actions have repercussions, but rather it shows how they use those repercussions to carry on and finish the mission.Daniel Craig proves he is once more a more than capable 007, utilizing a dry sense of humor to deliver lines that Roger Moore would have hammed up. Like he did in Casino Royale, Craig finds a way to make Bond relatable and human to the audience. In the film, James Bond is portrayed as slightly older, having lost his edge, and not necessarily hip with the times where espionage is mostly done by computers and not field work. As a matter of fact, Bond is injured throughout most of the film, not at his physical peak, due to gunshot wounds sustained in the opening. Therefore, he's not really a superhero, but rather a human being who is constantly outmatched throughout the entire film, but as he proves by the end, it's not age or old school methods that define the job, but his commitment to see it through. As well, Judi Dench delivers her best turn since Goldeneye, Bond girl Naomie Harris really adds some much needed levity at times to keep things from getting too dark, and Ben Whishaw fills Desmond Llewelyn's shoes as Q. The true standout performance though is Javier Bardem as Silva. He's not just creepy or flamboyant, though he is a man whose sexuality is in question, but it's the way that he fully commits to the role that makes every line and action that he performs creepy and flamboyant. His performance has been likened to Heath Ledger's Joker, but I really think Silva is his own messed up breed that Bardem plays so brilliantly, perhaps besting his performance as Anton Chigurgh in No Country For Old Men. Not to mention, the fact that the script really builds up his character, where everyone talks about him in fear, with him manipulating in the shadows for the first half of the film, so that when we finally meet him, we're terrified of him.All in all, Skyfall is a marvel. Featuring superb action scenes, a traditional Bond theme song supplied by Adele, one of the better scripts ever written for a Bond film where every character has an arc and a purpose in the story, and some of the most stunning cinematography ever shot for an action flick, Skyfall is a home run. Not only that though, it's a great, personal film that is smart, tense, exciting, and surprisingly emotional. It uses the 50 year history of these characters to stir the emotions in the viewer, and in so many ways, if this isn't your first Bond film, you will be even more rewarded for it. But quite simply, the Bond family has outdone themselves here. Skyfall is a true blue James Bond adventure that surpasses nearly every other film in the storied franchise.I give Skyfall a 10 out of 10! Let me say that I am am James Bond fan. I have seen all of the movies and multiple times. They have been a part of my youth from seeing For Your Eyes Only in a theater as a little boy and almost every other movie since then the same way. They hold an important place in my familial history as it's a common love of a good number of my clan who may not agree on much but sure love 007.Skyfall is the single most entertaining Bond movie I have seen in theaters ever. I can say this because as I am 34 I wasn't alive to see the Connery movies and of course they are considered (rightfully in my opinion) to be the gold standard.The ongoing problem I had with the franchise as a whole was that from my perspective the movies had become dull and boring. They were becoming parodies and Pierce Brosnan has just so smooth and snarky he just didn't fit the bill for what I wanted to see anymore, the issue was that I didn't know what it was I wanted until I saw Casino Royale.What I got in CR was Daniel Craig as a (dare I say it?!) rebooted Bond. He was newly minted in his double "0" status and learning his way through things. But Craig brought a brutality and a menace to Bond, something I'd always wanted because after all he is a KILLER first. I remember hearing the groans when he was hired and how the internet blew-up with scorn and fear and I kept hearing about Layer Cake and how that one movie had gotten him the gig. So, I jumped up and rented the movie and was simply riveted by the performance he gave; cold, calculated and straight-up cool. After that I knew that I was interested to see what they did and boy I was happy with the outcome.Skyfall sees Bond as a well footed and established agent, he isn't learning the ropes now, he's maybe now a bit long in the tooth for a field agent and coming to grips with what he and others wonder if he can do it much longer. It is this sense of humanity that I love so much about the movie. Bond is shot in the first 10-15 minutes and thought dead. He comes back to MI6 when Silva (Bardem) attacks and threatens the lives of M (Dench) and deep cover agents true identities around the world (typical Bond plot so far right?). The kicker here is that Bond is weakened and unfit for active duty but it is his resolve and intensity that is called for to save the day.To say that Craig is my favorite modern Bond is pretty obvious, he is amazing in a modern age in a franchise that has embraced a more realistic approach (no invisible cars here). It is Javier Bardem's Silva who is the truly remarkable performance here and needs to be seen to be appreciated. My thoughts on the matter are this: Silva is Bond's Joker in that he is the perfect mirror image of him. A former agent himself and just as cold blooded he is a true menace and a match both physically and mentally for Bond. Not sense Ledger's performance in The Dark Knight have I been this entertained by a villain. It should be noted that this is the first post-Dark Knight Bond movie and I think it shows in the writing and in the execution. We like seeing our hero's struggle with their own mortality and the days of capturing spacecraft with another spacecraft to try to start WWIII are over. This is a Bond movie that knows the history of the franchise and respects it but is throughly modern in it's approach.Some will say the movie lacks action, and while I don't feel it misses it I can see why they say it does. This isn't a ton of car chases or gadgets and crazy evil plan movie that people have become accustomed to and for that I think it's the reason so many are turned-off to it. It's more human and for the first time in any of the Bond movies makes James and M actual people. There is history here and there is a soul and that is the most compelling part of the movie.In summation this is the first Bond movie that isn't a traditional Bond movie. This could have been a stand alone film and stood up just as well without the connotation or expectation of what a Bond movie is. Sam Mendes should be commended for strong direction and for making this better than a Bond movie 10/10. Right, let's dispense with the rubbish I've had to endure over the last few months: "James Bond wasn't funny in the last 2 films". Oh, yes he was, you just weren't paying attention."Sam Mendes only ever does dramas, he'll be crap at action". Wrong again and Road to Perdition hinted on what he can bring to the table. Plus, if you had reservations about Sam, then you're an idiot! "Is this Daniel Craig's last outing as Bond?" No. He's contracted to do two more. In fact, why do people think this is the last Bond??? After the hype and mild disappointment that was The Dark Knight Rises, Chris Nolan will have to contemplate that he's missed out on the Big One here. Yup, Sam Mendes, Oscar winner supremo for American Beauty was by far-and-away, the only man for the director's chair (with a solid recommendation by Craig himself). What I love about Uncle Sam is that he's not afraid to be bold (we see more blood in this film, despite the 12a rating, but it's subtly done) and he's definitely found some niches with DC's reluctant hero (which Martin Campbell kick-started with Casino Royale). A pivotal ingredient of a Mendes film is the cinematography and with Skyfall, my jaw was dropping at Shanghai (a nod to You Only Live Twice). In fact, my jaw dropped a lot (and that wasn't even Bérénice Marlohe!) And despite the absence of David Arnold, composer Thomas Newman, doesn't disappoint. It's the 50-year-old debate: Who Is The Best Bond? Daniel Craig: 3 films in & by the time you see Skyfall, there is no doubt in my mind that DC's Bond is the most fleshed-out and three dimensional. His cavalier attitude, his down-and-dirty assassin on the mission, and a very affectionate lover of the ladies, are some of the reasons he scores all the ticks. Sean Connery just wisecracked and shagged birds, but had that physical prowess which DC has equalled, if not bettered; George Lazenby was more of a pantomime; Roger Moore started out well with his debut, but romanticised 007 to the point where he wore flares and befriended steel-toothed villains who were baying for his blood; Timothy Dalton brought back the hard edge Bond was missing and very underrated (kudos to Jason Segel who acknowledged him in I Love You, Man); Pierce Brosnan carried on that darkness with GoldenEye, which was sadly lacking in future outings, along with a suspension of disbelief audiences couldn't buy any longer. DC is Bond, he now owns the role. He's comedy timing is impeccable, his reactions to the littlest things will have you laughing and he knows how to wear tight fitting clothing (thanks to TOM FORD). More importantly, DC can act which is what this role demands...and if like me, you've all watched the Bond films (as DC & Mendes did), Skyfall has done a tremendous job in avoiding past mistakes. The screenplay acknowledges why James Bond is the World's Most Successful Movie Franchise. From the opening credits that references past entries, to Adele's amazing vocals (someone shoot Madonna & Lulu for me; oh and Jack & Alicia too), Skyfall is peppered with nods that may anger or erupt knowing laughter from its devoted fan base. For the record, I laughed, quite a lot.Javier Bardem as Raoul Silva, is probably the best entrance you'll ever see for a Bond Baddie. He is also by far, my favourite villain of the series and will be a hard act to beat. I really cannot say any more about Bardem, as he is one of many high points that Skyfall has to offer. A stroke of genius from Mendes to give him blonde hair (not only did he remind me of Scaramanga) but the hair does reveal a back story. Javier is proof that grade-A actors do get the best villainous roles, if they're written properly (remember what the Cohen brothers did for him a few years ago?) As I write this, I'm still grinning at Javier's comments...hahahaha! A great actor, just love him and so much going on in that masculine skull of his.Nothing will touch Bond. Sure, you'll have the wannabe franchises out there (did someone say douchebag, toothless vampires? Not me) who will claim to be the movie event of the year (more like non-event) and the likes of Marvel Comics may one day, catch up. Stan Lee has to look at the accidental success of 007 in relation to his own creations. Sure, I love Spidey, Captain America and Daredevil, but I'm not a sweaty arm- pitted virgin with a fondness for pies and acne; I'd much rather be the man who's dressed to kill, with a Licence To Thrill and smells of the most decadent cologne that my wages will allow. No shame in admitting my inverted snobbery and can thank Ian Fleming for that. If he were alive today, I'm sure he'd approve of Skyfall (considering it's an original screenplay that relies on his healthy diet of sex, guns, snazzy wardrobes and fast cars). Happy 50th birthday, James Bond (you don't look a day over 40!)Bond will return in October 2014 (I've already booked my tickets!) Both by the film's magnificence and the multitude of negative reviews for this Movie! And I'm not just saying this because I thought this was a masterful film, which it was, but because the reasoning behind these arguments is just ridiculous. From misconstruing what's actually happening in the movie to not being able to accept a change in Bond. First off, Bond wasn't made to stay the same forever, change is a real thing people, ACCEPT IT. Secondly, this is a story that's different than previous films. Skyfall is much deeper as it hits Bond's childhood and exposes his dark past. Sorry if this is too hard to comprehend so far.The plot holes that exist are minor and are really only noticeable if one is really trying to bash a film without real reason. The key to a successful film is if it depicts a moving story and enthralls its viewers, and if one does nothing but to criticize a movie without an attempt at appreciation at any level is, again, appalling.Away from the blind opposition, Skyfall is made great through its exceptionally well-acted cast on all sides, especially Dench's and Bardem's performances (I mean what do you expect). The cinematography is done exceptionally, because if Roger Deakins has anything to do with anything, it's gonna look beautiful, shown here at the Casino in Shanghail and especially in the building surrounded by neon lights. Thomas Newman is another veteran who does the score the justice that such an iconic theme deserves. The production design, especially between the Shanghai and Scotland scenes, adds to the momentous effects the film is able to create. The plot is more than intriguing, as it continues to develop and captivate the attention of its viewers more. Mendes has been an impressive director since '99 with American Beauty and Skyfall showcases his mastery is still applicable now.Do not let the negative reviews on here push you away, Skyfall is no waste of time and will create an experience that you surely will not forget soon. So, we have a James Bond film that stars Judy Dench, Javier Bardem, and Ralph Fiennes, along with a song by Adele. This movie should be a success.And, good enough, it is.The movie stars Daniel Craig as James Bond, but, to tell the truth, it doesn't seem to be ABOUT Bond. Yes, of course, he's the reason why we want to see the film, but the plot of the movie hardly revolves around him. Rather, Dench, who plays the Mother character, has a sort of Norman Bates-like fellow trying to kill her, and has herself and Bond in a vengeance plot that affects quite a lot of innocents.Speaking of the Norman Bates-like character. I love Bardem as an actor, especially the chilling role of Anton Chigurh in "No Country for Old Men". Here, the creepiness levels are through the roof; having an unhealthy obsession with Mother and cyanide eating at his brain, he's quite a twisted, but interesting villain.The references to older Bond films are genius. Everybody in the theater actually clapped when Bond's old car came out, and everybody laughed when Bond gave a cutting line about the Union Jack bulldog. And of course, Eve Moneypenny was another great throwback to the old days as well.Let me talk about Bond. Whereas before we had a cheesy, perfect, and charming 007, this time we have a complex Bond who is armed with only a gun (of course, a Walther PPK) and radio. It makes this Bond seem more human (or as human as a top secret agent can be) and he does have a sort of charm and humor about him one typically associates with Sean Connery.The plot itself is rather clever. While there are a few throwaway moments, like that woman working for Bardem and the new Quartermaster, they are usually enjoyable in their own right. The main plot is strong, seeing some of the inner workings of MI6 and it's connections with the British government.So, combine this with classic and new Bond themes, a brilliant changing of the guard in MI6, and some big name actors, and we have one of the best Bond films to date, up there with Goldeneye and Goldfinger. It truly balances out the bad films this year, and reenergizes a classic fictional hero.And frankly, I believe it deserves more than the 8.1 IMDb ranking it has at the time this review is being written. Daniel Craig has now starred in the two greatest James Bond movies ever made (let the criticism begin), and although he also starred in the worst ("Quantum of Solace"), it wasn't all his fault and can be forgiven. But enough comparing, because "Skyfall" needs no comparison, and would embarrass its competitors anyway. Sam Mendes has delivered a riveting thrill machine of a movie, with a rich character at its heart – James Bond. That's right, the cold, calculating killer reveals even more of his soft side as we delve deep into his past. The emotional feeling we get from the famed agent is entirely due to Craig's acting, who has brought more to the psychological side of Bond than the rest of the players combined. Sure, his films may lack some of the quirk and humor of the earlier offerings, but the character is still finding himself (six years ago he didn't even know what drink to order). And trust me, there is plenty of humor, and a dash of quirk, in this fantastic entry. "Skyfall" gives us a compelling story that we can actually wrap our heads around, as it is nearly as simple as revenge. We get a wildly sinister villain from Javier Bardem (who reminds me of Ledger's turn as Joker, and Bardem is equally Oscar-worthy), a multi-dimensional M from Judi Dench, the introduction of Q and Money Penny, as well as some throwbacks towards the films of old. Directed by Oscar-winner Mendes and filmed with a master's touch by Roger Deakins, this is a Bond film that redefines Bond films (after "Casino Royale" rejuvenated them in 2006) and offers up something for everyone. Two amazingly choreographed (and photographed) action scenes and Adele's soul-stirring theme song, with the accompanying and superb opening credits, are the icing on the cake. So I suppose the 23rd time's the charm. "Skyfall" drops strongly in first place as the best of Bond.-Thomas Bond So, last night sitting in the Royal Albert Hall and literally trembling with excitement... the MGM lion roared... Two hours and twenty five minutes practically flew by.Hyperbole aside, Skyfall is a bonafide masterpiece.Whilst most are familiar with the capsule synopsis that's been floating around since late last year (which really doesn't need to be repeated AGAIN), the decision to mine the relationship between Bond and M is a masterstroke. Judi Dench and Daniel Craig have unbelievable chemistry together (you utterly believe they've been working day-in-day-out together for years), and the banter they share as they set off on their redemptive journey together is the beating heart of the film. Emotionally, this is the most mature of any of the Bond films, and draws upon some of the greatest (yet curiously overlooked) Bond moments. There are shrewd elements of On Her Majesty's Secret Service, Licence To Kill and The World Is Not Enough in Skyfall's DNA, and the central relationship between Bond and at this point a mother figure of an M (who he will mercilessly kill to protect) is beautifully realised. Suffice to say the final act in which Bond and M face their fears and demons is *shattering* in every sense of the word and lifts the film into the highest echelons of the series.Of course, the rest of the cast are every bit as brilliant as the press reviews have stated. Javier Bardem turns in frankly an award-worthy performance as Raoul Silva. Not in memory has there been a Bond villain whose determination is as terrifying as his character. Silva is alternately camp, hilarious and horrifying. His screen time is admittedly limited, but he makes every gesture, word and action count tenfold. His introduction is just sublime, modulating between flirtatious, businesslike and viciously brutal with as little as an eye movement. Naomie Harris and Berenice Marlohe bring a refreshing touch to the Bond girl routine, actually adding presence rather than simply visual appeal. The new MI6 crew are also a HIGHLY welcome addition. Ben Whishaw clearly had a hoot in the role of the 21st century Q (his interactions with Bond are one of the many highlights) and Ralph Fiennes seems born to fit into the MI6/Bond world.There will *certainly* be those who will balk at the fact Skyfall doesn't cling ultra-tight to the Bond formula. Well, thank God for that! Sam Mendes and the writing team intelligently pull the conventions apart, before reassembling them just enough to be recognisable (with a satisfying wink) to the fans but not enough to alienate newcomers to the franchise. The film is primarily a 'buddy movie' of sorts, but a captivating one that exhibits all of the best parts of Bond fitting around a riveting political/spy thriller whose central Wikileaks-esque story is ripped from the headlines.It's the Bond film I've always been waiting for - and hopefully the team behind it aren't planning on a single collaborative effort. Skyfall is something very special. A cursory look around the room saw faces contorted in rage, horror and devastation, but also the undercurrent of humour generated a thunderous round of applause whenever skillfully applied. Judi Dench and Daniel Craig give BLISTERING performances (a finest hour for them both) and I only hope some of the more priggish award ceremonies actually pay attention to that fact this time.An unashamed 10/10. Skyfall will be a LEGENDARY Bond film. Without question. After Quantum of Solace people behind the Bond franchise probably found themselves at the crossroads – where to go and what to do next? Shall we chase Mr. White and his Quantum or do something else entirely; perhaps going back to Bond's roots would be more successful strategy? After all, Bond's got his heart completely crushed and had some kind of revenge, isn't it time to get a bit light about everything that happens to him? The decision of filmmakers presents itself this year as Skyfall, a most wonderful 180 degree turn of the film series.In my opinion, this is a beautiful and playful reload of the reload Bond film experienced since the coming of Daniel Craig. Skyfall adopts careless mood of the pre-Craig era with as many bows to the fans and various fetishes of the series: Q and his catchphrases, Miss Moneypenny, Aston Martin with guns under the hood, physically defective villain, frightening with his ambiguity and offering Bond a traditional game; and M, of course.Bond in his family house, wearing a kind of cardigan and with a rifle reminds of an aristocrat out hunting, a likely symbol of good-old England, the empire spreading good and fighting evil. Not only Bond deals with his childhood trauma by burning down the house, the filmmakers mark their return to the traditional values of Bond film series, and to the black-and-white vision of good people and bad guys. Thus also constant collision of black and white in the film (e.g. at the hearing scene: M is the blonde wearing black, Prime Minster is a brunette in light clothes, Severine has lighter complexion comparing to Moneypenny but they wear contrasting to their skin color dresses, black silhouettes fighting against bright neon lights , etc.) However blurred and shadowy the villain appears both on screen and in the descriptions of characters, no more villains with inner conflict, as it is clear who is bad and what is good and how to act.At the same time the characters are symbolically discussing the problems of their creators: who is better – the old guy or the young spotty kid, should we stop the bleeding and how safe do we feel with our new approach to security (or – Bond). Being old and young, experienced and innovative, end and start, leaving and carrying on are constantly being talked about, with the formula finally announced – old dog with new tricks. A wonderful combination, I find.Having suffered enough, Bond enjoys both his weakness and strength, is drinking and looking good, in tuxedo as well as in tight jeans, and finally is not taking the beautiful girls seriously. Well done, Bond, never thought you could after two previous films! Only one question remains – what next? Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace were great and interesting with their attempt at fashionable seriousness, are we going back to the ridiculous again? To the invisible cars and exploding pens? Will the filmmakers be able to balance newfound playful mood against some kind of credibility, find a worthy story, an interesting mission and a matching villain? What an intrigue! Can't help but wait the return of Bond, James Bond. My first viewing of Skyfall left me a little frustrated at the slow pace in the first half. However the story did catch speed in the second, and by the end i felt it was overall slightly better than Casino Royale. On reflection , however, there was a lot to appreciate from this Bond movie. An ageing James Bond , with his powers in apparently terminal decline, refuses to give up against all the odds, even against a fitter, though older , villain.A lot of the action is without any fancy gadgets . Similarly, M's unwavering belief in Bond's ability to do his bit when the time of reckoning comes is commendable. The reference to Lord Alfred Tennyson's Ulysses was heart touching, and remains my favourite scene from the movie. The movie showcases Bond as a human being first and a secret agent next, and shows a human side of him which many thought never existed. The movie has a lot apart from just action sequences ( which are aplenty , mind you) and that makes me feel in retrospect that this is the best Bond movie I have seen in my lifetime (have only seen them in the last decade). 50 years of Bond! I've been a Bond fan since the beginning. This is the best Bond Film since the days of Connery. Daniel Craig is finally allowed to be James Bond and not a clone of Jason Bourne as he was in Casino Royale and the dreadful Quantum of Solace. Given this chance, he makes a good Bond.Skyfall combines the elements of the classic Bond films with all the modern ingredients and the film is highly entertaining. Bardem makes a menacing villain too.The other thing I appreciated was being able to see the action instead of the awful Bourne like cinematography that was used in Quantum.Bond is back.....Bond is alive......Looking forward to the next! James bond operates on a mission to kill a bad guy who seems to be able to hack everything. One of the best parts of the movie came in the very be beginning that always catches my eye in bond moves especially Casino Royale which I recommend seeing. in this beginning scene bond is running after a person who is probably a criminal and he gets on a train and starts wrestling this criminal, and in the meantime his partner on the job is trying to get a good shot on the criminal. then she takes a risky move and shoots... it hits bond he goes down criminal gets away and how did bond survive after the shot and falling to the bottom of a body of water ? no one even the creators probably don't know so. but to the story Daniel Craig playing James bond is extraordinary in the movie and Judy Dench playing m was great. Speaking of M she has a amazing dramatic part in the end where the hacking criminal kills her and then bond gets the criminal back with a throwing knife, you should really see it . these two make a great pair and showed it in Skyfall. another thing is I love the song. I don't understand why so many people hated it I thought it was amazing I first saw this with my family in a theatre in 2012.Revisited it recently on a dvd which I own.This is my all time fav Bond film.This is the twenty-third in the Bond series n the third to star Daniel Craig as James Bond.This time Bond returns to service after MI6's servers are hacked and M receives a taunting computer message moments before the MI6 building explodes.Inspite of failing a series of physical, medical, and psychological examinations, Bond returns to the field to pursue an assassin known as Patrice n to recover a stolen hard drive containing details of undercover agents which is in the hands of Patrice's employer, Raoul Silva, a cyberterrorist seeking revenge against those he holds responsible for betraying him.I love the pre credit scene in this one, the motorcycle chase on the rooftops is awesome, the train chase sequence is adrenaline filled n the scene at The Varda Viaduct is amazeballs.The climactic action is more old skool n filled with solid atmosphere.The title track along with the picturization n Bond's fall from The Varda Viaduct is very gothic like.The abandoned palatial house, the vast moors, the chapel, the secret passageway, the isolation n the sky almost touching the ground, is filled with top notch atmosphere.This time Bond faces Raoul Silva n lots of his henchmen n a komodo dragon.Bond also faces Patrice, a mercenary working for Silva.This time Bond gets to cool off with Naomie Harris, Tonia Sotiropoulou n Berenice Marlohe.In this movie, for the first n last time we get to see Moneypenny doing field work along with Bond and later how she opted for the iconic desktop work. All you guys giving negative reviews, you have no business watching Bond films. You need to watch JFK, or Platoon, or Saving Private Ryan, or some other reality based film. Bond is a FICTIONAL character, who lives in a FICTIONAL universe that uses real life SETTINGS. The movies are about a FANTASY SUPER SPY. Let me say that again. F-A-N-T-A-S-Y S-U-P-E-R S-P-Y. He's supposed to supersede logical expectations. The things you don't see depicted on screen are supposed to be left to your imagination. I LOVED the movie. I am a true Bond fan. I've seen EVERY movie a MINIMUM 3 times. The way they tied SF to classic Bond was perfect. If anything, the first two movies weren't true Bond films. They were character driven action films whose main players just happened to be based on Bond movies. This, however, is a real Bond movie, with a 2012 edge. Again, I LOVED it. You guys need to stop being so anal and just enjoy it for what it is. I mean, we know the Avengers are not real, but we enjoyed the movie just the same..... This was one of the best bonds films I have ever seen. Daniel Craig as the famed 007 agent who is on the run of his life against possibly the most evil man on the planet. Silver, (Javier Bardem) who was once an agent affiliate to the UK was given up by 'M' (judi Dench) to the Chinese militia rather than to use him as ransom bait. During his incarceration underwent torture for months to try and give up names of contacts. But as with all agents, rather than giving in, he decided to take his cyanide pill to end his suffering. However to everyone's utter amazement, survived the attempt to end his own life and became a new super evil for which he swore revenge against 'M' for his transformation. Bond who with other sections of MI6 became targets by the British minister because of continuous violent acts for which all were placed on trial. During this crisis it was learn-ed that silver was to try and kill 'M' at those proceedings. Yet bond with his usual style and audacity helped stave off the hit to try and catch silver once again. So to end this complete charade, bond led silver to his old estate where he grew up as a child. A place known as Skyfall manor. There the showdown of his life ensued with bond on top once again, but at a heavy price, for 'M's last days were counted with a mortal wound. I have to say it was a great chapter ending to bonds secret life, where he grew up, what 'M' learn-ed about him and why bond never liked his past in the first place. The music was top notch, the action left me riveted, and the story to his past had been nothing less but intriguing. Ralph Fiennes played an excellent character as well for his role as the new 'M'. A man who thought the old ways were still above the new as a sort of guide rather than to be a hindrance. Old and new collide in so many ways since the computer chip became the dominate species, but to so many others in the field, experience will always be considered as the end result. Fantastic film, highly recommended to all who are fans of 007. When I first saw Casino Royale I remember enjoying it, then after processing it I felt as though the film itself was just not even comparable to any of it's predecessors. Not because it was bad, (although it's successor was not as intriguing),but because it decided to stray away from the Bond formula I came to understand, that and even the tone and style had a different feel to it. I was also confused as to whether or not Craig's run as Bond was an entirely new take on an all too familiar plot, or if it was a continuation of the Bond series with a new "Bond" whose filling in the position of it's previous title holder. (Which if that were the case he would have technically only been the third 00 agent to fill in as Bond, seeing as all Bond's, but Brosnan, mention the death of his wife Tracy Draco. I am pleased to say that I finally have the clarification I was looking for, and that all of Craig's previous outings as Bond have all boiled down to this one... A reboot is what this new franchise is, and a damn good one if you ask me. Although these past three Bond films have been rather grounded (unlike the fun and thrilling Moonraker), his instalments are still exciting to watch with even Quantum of Solace having its moments of sheer pulse pounding excitement. But I must admit that Skyfall in particular had it all and writers Neal Purvis, Robert Wade, and John Logan really brought the story back to it's roots, and yes all back to where it started from. Credit must also be given to its director Sam Mendes, and cinematographer Roger Deakins. Skyfall brings back the classic bond, at times with humorous references made, and homages to the franchise that it just sends a shiver of nostalgia down your spine, that makes you say to yourself "Bond is finally back!" The classic Bond series mixed in with the modernist interpretation of the series, really make it one of the ultimate Bond films since (insert favourite Bond film here --->______________!) Before I risk spoiling anything, I will conclude by saying this is a Bond film worth viewing, and is definitely is one for both fans of the franchise and those who have only been recently introduced. I went to see this film on the day it came out in theaters, and the seats were leather, the sound was so amazing, that I could feel every vibration of every gunshot or explosion! But what made the experience great was the movie itself. It has two knockout performances by Daniel Craig and Javier Bardem, Lots of action and laughs, and to top it all off, it threw some OLD Bond in the mix!While watching it, I listened to the sound of the people in the theater. They laughed, they gasped, they cheered, and at the end everyone applauded! So for me this could be the Best Bond Ever! After a long four year wait for the next 007 film to come out due to MGM's financial issues, SKYFALL finally hit cinemas and it was more than worth the wait. It's obvious that the crew behind the movie took a lot of time and effort perfecting what could be considered as the best Bond movie in years. What unfolded before my eyes wasn't just a movie but an experience.What made SKYFALL great was that it took everything that makes a James Bond movie great (exotic locations, action, a threatening villain, etc.) and improves every single one of them while at the same time adding new ones. SKYFALL finally returns the franchise back to its roots so no longer do we have the boredom and excessive BOURNE influence seen in the previous two installments; this is a James Bond film just like the old days where entertainment and story are balanced. The movie also serves as a love letter to the fans with the numerous references to the old Bond movies and its old-school style; anyone who's seen Bond since the start will love SKYFALL, all the way from the nostalgic theme song opening to the climatic confrontation at the end.The cast fit their roles perfectly and redefined established characters in the Bond mythology. I have no doubt that Daniel Craig can be a great James Bond but it was only now that he was given a good James Bond script to work with; Bond is still the playboy and efficient MI6 agent but now, he's also a human being. The same goes for the rest of the cast; one of the new things added into the film which was rarely seen in previous Bond films was the complexity of the characters. They're still the usual mainstays of a Bond film (a terrorist mastermind, M, a bureaucrat, the Bond girl, etc.) but now they're all human beings with motivations that drive their actions. They don't rely anymore on simple politics but now they rely on personal issues to drive them. This addition only made the drama of SKYFALL more engaging and believable.Another addition that I appreciated was the overlying theme of the secret service's relevance in the changing times. Such themes were mentioned off-hand and never fully explored in the Brosnan movies (especially GOLDENEYE) so now that it gets full focus, it helps the movie become more relevant in our time period. The problem with reviving old franchises is the task of making the aged characters work in a time period different from the one they were originally envisioned in; in the case of Bond, he was born in the golden age of espionage of the Cold War but now, in an age that relies more on a computer for intelligence information, those like him have close to no purpose at all. SKYFALL successfully overcomes the problem in a masterful way with its impressive dialogue between the old guard of espionage and the modern age believers. The dialogue between the characters is powerful enough to make even a James Bond fan (like myself) question the franchise's relevance now that the Cold War and the need for spies is long over; what makes the script great is not only in how it will get you involved in the story and its characters but it will definitely make you think and reflect a lot many other things.My only complaint with SKYFALL was the CGI. The green-screen effects of some scenes were pretty obvious and while it doesn't dent the movie at all, it was a bit distracting and annoying to look at. Hopefully, in the next bond movies, the crew ditches or at least improves the CGI to make things look more realistic. I personally hope they go back to practical effects but that may just be me.SKYFALL is the best thing that happened to James Bond in the new millennium. By far, this is the most emotional and exciting James Bond in recent memory and none of the drama in the storyline felt forced as everything worked well in the film's context as it did in CASINO ROYALE. Those who are worried that SKYFALL is only a James Bond movie in name will have no reason to fear. SKYFALL is an old-school Bond movie with all the improvements and additions the 2000's could provide and it works well, molding SKYFALL into a masterpiece in the long history of the James Bond franchise. It just goes to show that, indeed, (quoting Kincade in the movie) "Sometimes the old ways are the best." You are going to travel. London, Istanbul, Shanghai, Macao, and Scotland of course, the castle of Skyfall. And hurry up about it because Skyfall will be completely destroyed in the operation.You have the stunts, the car hunts, the chases, and all the physical elements necessary in that film. Istanbul is one city splashed with this mission and that's the second time in three months, after Taken 2. But it is hardly really said. You recognize Turkey if you know it. Shanghai is more in the tradition of Bourne and his films. But no Eastern Europeans, not even Moscow nor Berlin. That is rather clean after all. The main damage is in London and Scotland. They even cut the Eiffel Tower out, but not Big Ben.The British respect their borders and like their country. We are speaking of the MI6 of course but there is a big leak in the system and that leak does not come from outside but from inside, in fact from an agent who was one of the best, if not the best in his 1980-90 time, but he got caught and in the MI6, the famous M, the lady boss of the service, decided to trade him. When someone very faithful survives such a treacherous decision, you can expect difficulties.And difficulties they got. But the main difficulty came from the government and Parliament who started criticizing the work of the service and the security of the country in the name of modern technology that should be used instead of secret agents and shadowy maneuvers. And no one has the courage to bring to light the simple facts. Yet this simple situation of a treacherous agent within the system is the main idea in this film: danger is not from outside but from inside and the solution can only come from inside too.That's why this film is better than most other films in that field. It is not targeting foreign enemies but a national agent that turned bitter, sour, rotten, self-motivated by vengeance.The point is not even to know whether he is going to get his vengeance or not, but how it is going to happen. And that you will have to look for it in the film. I hope you enjoy the marvellous Scottish castle that is destroyed like a house of cards built by kids.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU "Skyfall" is unlike any James Bond movie you've seen before. While the film pays homage to the previous installments, first-time Bond director Sam Mendes reinvents the superspy's story, taking him into far darker territory. The result? Arguably the most well-crafted and thrilling film in the franchise's 50 years.This time around, Bond -- who has been publicly pronounced dead but remains in hiding after a botched mission -- is brought back to "life" to recover a hard drive from a cyber terrorist named Silva (Javier Bardem). While his mission seems simple, loyalties are questioned between Bond (Daniel Craig) and his superior M (Dame Judi Dench), for she might be responsible for the previous near-fatal mission. And while M is hiding secrets of her own, she's also the target of Silva, who will stop at nothing to bring her and MI6 to their demise.When "Casino Royale" was released, Craig immediately jumped to top of everyone's favorite Bond actor list for his grounded, man's man portrayal. He's got the chops with his physicality, sexual machismo, and cool demeanor. So what's left to develop? "Skyfall" presents Bond as an aging and wounded soldier, who doesn't blame the organization for his pain but rather accepts it as part of the job. Revealed to be an orphan, Bond seemingly continues to function as if MI6 is his family and M as his mother.Dench paves the way as the true Bond girl of the film. Strong-willed and determined to get the job done, M's quip-filled scenes with Bond explore their professional yet symbiotic relationship that's based on trust and mutual respect. For Bond, it's not about his service to her Majesty, but rather filling the void in his otherwise empty soul. For M, she may come across as cold and manipulative, but like Bond knows the stakes of the game they are playing.It's hard to discuss "Skyfall" without mention of its memorable villain, Silva. After delivering a chilling, award-winning turn in "No Country for Old Men," Bardem gives another standout performance as the bleached blonde, impeccably dressed terrorist. Like every Bond villain, quirky mannerisms and odd physical traits are present. He's playful at times and whimsically sadistic at others. Like the rest of the film, Silva's motivation feels more believable than previous villains as he simply wants revenge on those who wronged him rather than being hell bent on world destruction.The man responsible for delivering us such a thrilling entry to the series is none other than Academy Award winning director Sam Mendes (American Beauty). I was shocked to see that his new approach to the material isn't necessarily out with the old and in with the new. Mendes gives plenty of winks and nods to all the Bond classics: the cars, the girls, the gadgets, the exotic locations, the dry one-liners and the occasional over-the-top stunts are all present. He even resurrects the old but familiar character of Q (Ben Whishaw), to provide some comedic relief and self deprecating humor to the series.But what Mendes does differently is that he presents the story as if it were actually a real world scenario. The atmosphere is dark, the drama is amped up and the characters feel real. The icing on the cake is cinematography. The action sequences are crisp and coherent and will literally have you jumping out of your chair. And whether it's the neon skylines of Shanghai or the grey skies of London, the shadowy landscapes set the stage for a bleak espionage-filled world. And also worth noting is the obligatory opening credit sequence that visually arresting and equally haunting with Adele providing vocals.Mendes' approach to Bond will be undoubtedly compared to Christopher Nolan's Batman redux, both humanizing established material and presenting it in a sleek and stylish way. It's just a shame for future entries because the bar has just been raised high. Not only is this new Bond entry the most thrilling and emotional to date, but it is responsible for bringing new energy and excitement into a franchise that doesn't seem to quit ... just like the central character. After the depressing letdown of Quantum of Solace in 2008, I was really anticipating an amazing return to the way the James Bond movies should be. And Sam Mendes delivered it on a silver platter. The movie starts off in an intense chase scene between Bond and an unknown character. With M on Bond's radio, she mentions the villain having a list they need and immediately you're hooked. With the exception of the first chase scene in Casino Royale, this is my favorite chase scene in Bond history. In the first 5 minutes you already have action, great characters, and exotic locations, which are three things a Bond movie can't prosper without. The rest of the cinematic shots in the movie are the same, bringing more great cinematography and locations. In one particular scene, Bond is fighting one of Silva's henchmen in a pit with a Komodo Dragon. Now any action star like Bruce Willis or Tom Cruise would have unconvincingly wrestled this beast to the ground, but does bond do that? Nope. He casually hops on it's back and propels himself out of the pit. Classy James, classy.The seriousness of the last two films are still present in this newest installment, but they are combined with the old classic one-liners of the days before Craig. This is by far my favorite Craig movie yet, because in this movie they take Bond no where he's ever gone before; to a personal level. Craig carries this change in character with ease and makes you believe Bond is getting rusty. He's no longer the man that can jump of cliffs and buildings and land like a cat. Now, he clumsily falls like any normal human being. This is also a very different bond movie for Judi Dench who is wrapping up her role as M in her seventh bond movie. She seems to cancel out the majority of the screen time that the bond girls would usually have and replaces it with her undying determination to stop terrorists from destroying her country. M is as much of the main character as Bond and she handles that well considering that in real life her lines are read to her because she can barely see. Javier Bardem plays Silva, who is a villain to stand next to Goldfinger and Blofeld, only he's ten times more terrifying. His role convinces you that he can kill anyone and feel no pain. Even when he isn't on screen your still worried by his ominous and creepy performance. His main conflict is with M however. He believes it is her fault that he became what his is and there is where his delusional, twisted plot lies. He is one of the few antagonists that are actually equal to Bond. Supporting characters such as Q (Ben Whishaw) and Gareth Mallory (Ralph Fiennes) carry important roles that needed to be filled and played them well and should be noted. The bond girls in this aren't very important to the main story line, but they both carry their smaller roles well.The cultural and memorabilia references in this movie are worth mentioning as well. In many scenes, Bond, M, and the new Q. They talk about exploding pens, ejector seats, and there's even a shot in this that is almost taken straight out of one the early Sean Connery movies. They don't hit you over the head with this idea, but it makes the true bond lovers smirk from time to time. Overall, I only had one or two minor complains with this movie that nearly weren't enough to change my review at all. These only had to do with speeding up the plot a bit, but it wasn't a big deal considering Skyfall is already the longest Bond film, clocking at 2 and a half hours. In conclusion, I must say that Bond isn't one of those movies you'll want to see for the heck of it. It is intense, but amazing. It is action-packed, but witty. It is the true follow up to Casino Royale. Double-0-Seven reporting for duty. The most thrilling movie I've seen in a long time. Neeson is what we would fear if James Bond went to hell and came back for revenge (I doubt big budget Quantum of Solace will top this). I loved Jason Bourne; but where Bourne is confused for half the movie, Neeson is looking down a barrel of a pistol 3/4 of the time. In a three way spy battle, I would put Neeson edging out Bourne, who would be a step ahead of Bond.Between the jaw-dropping action sequences was the subject matter of international trafficking, which was pretty miserable to watch. Although killing is wrong, death was never more satisfying to watch. I'm still under the influence of this movie, so my comment is likely to be superlative! I went to this movie, knowing that one of the writers and the director were both French, and since I've seen some not-so-impressive movies (almost fell asleep), i was really skeptical.BUT this one proved to be a great action movie. The best movie to compare with Taken is Hit-man. The idea is somewhat the same (lots of action, shots, flying bullets etc) - though the motive for the actions are not money. But the level of realism, the motivation of the character, the cold blood which moves him on makes this flick a good option to choose when selecting a movie.Liam Neeson does a great performance, perfectly interpreting his role of a former spy. As he says in one of his lines, he's "retired, but not dead", having an opportunity to show everyone what he knows to do best.The movie covers a hot topic too, kidnapping young women to force them to prostitute, and all the business this involves. You get to see the kind of people are supporting these arrangements and what it takes for the victims to be there.Of course, the movie has (very small, almost invisible) drawbacks, like some lines in a wrong language (english instead of french) and some Rambo - stuff, but the overall impression is simple: a strong recommendation! Gone to see Liam Neeson, I've just seen a great movie. Much action, some American humour (you Americans don't take it too serious, and that's just as pleasant taht way !), a Liam Neeson at the top of his art and as a background a very hard subject that makes you think about it (procuring). I don't know how the critics are reacting in USA, but in France they are vilifying this movie. So, whatever your American critics are saying, just do as usual : don't listen to them ! And enjoy this ninety-minutes show. Regarding Liam Neeson... Well, I am a huge fan, thus I can't be unbiased. Yet, I found his interpretation very convincing, he is still the same : one of the best actors ever, along with... Hum, I'll stop there, don't want to be controversial. Have a good sitting ! By the way, do excuse me for any mistake I could've made, as I'm French (I imagine you could've guessed it, since we are the lucky ones who are the first to be able to see this film !). I hadn't heard much about this film but it was on TV one day and I decided to watch it. I have now seen this film about 5 times and it is one of my favourites.It is full of non-stop action, shooting, fighting, car chases, you name it, this film has it. A 90 minute thrill ride. So gripping, leaving you speechless at how good the action on screen is.Liam Neeson is brilliant, he was born to play the role of Bryan Mills and he executed his role to perfection. Maggie Grace as his daughter was also good. The plot was fairly simple and a little bit predictable but the action was just amazing. Bryan Mills went to extreme measures to get his daughter back, you just knew he would do it, no matter how long it took and no matter how many risks he had to take. It was exhilarating, I couldn't take my eyes off the screen.It was a short lived film but I think that made it better, it just hit the spot perfectly. It was breathtaking. I could watch this film any time and it would still be great. I would highly recommend it to anyone.We're also left with one of the greatest quotes from a film - Bryan Mills "I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills; skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you." to which the villain replies down the phone "Good luck." - This is so memorable and really sets the film up for a thrilling ride.Overall, one of the best films I have ever seen. 10/10. Seeing as most revenge movies take place after a tragedy has already taken place and the "hero" has trouble dealing with the aftermath, Taken deals with a protagonist who takes his revenge while fighting to prevent the tragedy from becoming irreversible. I kinda felt it was a fresh take on the brooding and lonely "hero" on a suicide mission to get revenge, as in Taken he isn't really on a suicide mission as he has to make sure his daughter is safe and make sure she gets home. The fact that it tries to be authentic with both real world problems and a more realistic approach to the action sequences makes it very rewarding to watch as you keep rooting for him to save her and take out as many bad guys as possible. It's very clear he's the good guy and the bad guys have no redeeming qualities.All in all it works really well for what it is and feels very rewarding when watching it. It does a lot of things right no matter how accurate things are portrayed as it conveys them as though they are. A fantastic action/revenge movie. One of Liam Neeson's best performances. Taken was the movie that helped me discover that Liam Neeson is one of my all time favourite actors. It was brutal and gripping, with great cast. A 90 minute thrill ride for me, intense and action-packed. If you didn't think that Liam Neeson could be an action star, you were wrong. After Schindler's List, Neeson's performance in Taken is the most memorable of all his performances. I've happy that they're making a 3rd Taken film. The first 2 were great, especially this one. Taken is one of those movies that you can watch over and over again and not get tired of the action. I was surprised that Taken was an 18 certificate in the UK when I've watched films like Kick-Ass 2 and Prisoners which are rated 15 but have much more graphic violence in.No complaints for Taken, a definite must-see movie. Taken is an action movie full of suspense and starring Liam Neeson,who plays a retired CIA agent.Liam Neeson who has impressive skills, and tries to save his kidnapped daughter from Albanian web of prostitution and drugs,his adventure starts in Paris;he has a few clues but a prodigious memory, and with help of his CIA partners and after a lot of events an troubles,he finally found and save his daughter.the Movie doesn't have a lot of special effects but the plot was very very exciting and addictive,have a good music and the locations are wonderful,amazing and fantastic. In our opinion its a very gripping film, we recommend to everyone to like,action,suspense and mystery movies.YOU WILL BE HOOKED BY THE PLOT I watch it 3 times in the past few years, and still enjoy it.Don't want to spoil anything so I will keep this simple.I can't complaint on anything, and that is something very good to say about a movie.The story is very original. The main character is like James bond, but at the same time "the guy next door". Let's say a retired James bond. But unlike James bond movies, Taken is more realistic. Is like all could happen in real life. Maybe a few exceptions, but not a deal breaker.Even with a good story, the action also by itself is enough to enjoy it. That is why I can watch it many times and still enjoy it, like I watch Die Hard.You should watch it if you like action movies like Die Hard. My sister don't even like die hard and she like Taken. Maybe because Taken is even better than die hard? More updated? Who knows. But my point is that you might like Taken even if you don't like die hard. This role is the best for Liam Neeson. I love this movie and him. Everyone must watch this! This is the first time I am writing a comment on IMDb and that's because this movie has compelled me to do so. This movie shows how a thriller should b paced. But more than anything I loved the way Liam Neeson has portrayed the role of a protective father. Being a father myself, I could feel the pain in his eyes. He completely overshadows everything and everyone in this movie. Absolutely breath-taking!! Another aspect of this movie that I loved is that it has its heart at the right place. Superb acting, pacing and very believable storyline make this a must watch. I am going for 10/10 for this movie thats just blew me away. This is one of the best suspense/action movies I've ever seen. The actors all did an awesome job. If you like action and suspense I promise this movie will keep you on the edge of your seat and at the end you'll be begging for more. The car chases, the explosions and all the gun play!! And yes even special ops technology. And plot twists you'll never see coming. Did I mention the unique killings and torture treatments? Oh yes, it is a good movie. Next to Batman The Dark Knight its got my vote for best movie of 2008 - 2009. Go see this movie or rent it now. You will go buy it the next night I guarantee it. Liem Nealson for best actor 2009 all the way. I give this movie 10 a perfect score. For me this film was amazing.I have read many reviews giving this a negative, and all the negatives stem around the stereotypes. What action film nowadays doesn't have stereotypes... it's as if any film has middle eastern or Asian characters in it everyone shouts "my god stereotype" seriously lighten up. IT'S A FILM!! Someone mentioned product placement of oringina when he give it to the girl for shock. WOW it was in shot for like 10 seconds. What about all these films where all laptops used are from Apple! That was probably the only product placement in the film and tbh i didn't really notice.Anyways This film is great, neeson isn't what would come to mind as an action star but he performs great... he is like bond but more realistic and less oooooooooh look at me! You really need to see this film, very entertaining.Anyone giving it less that 8 is silly :) or just being negative about it because they are overly picky, being overly intelligent. Liam Neeson in an action role that makes Steven Seagal look sleepy and tired? Who wudda thunk it! What a well made movie and a joy to ride.I agree with the previous comments on this movie. It is well paced, the action is mostly all believable, and once the fun begins, you hardly get to catch your breath.Famke Janssen is perfect as the ex-wife you love to hate but besides a bubbly performance by Maggie Grace as daddy's little girl, this movie is all Liam Neeson. Now, he has never really impressed me before in a movie but he gets kudos for his performance here. It wasn't what I expected and I was pleasantly surprised.One thing that really impressed me was the lack of strong language and gratuitous sex. If not for the violence, this movie could be rated PG. Even then, except for one scene which caused my wife to turn away, the violence was tastefully done, not needing gory effects to carry the film. This just proves that a great action movie does not need vulgar language and unnecessary sex/nudity to succeed.Basically, a man's 17 year old daughter is kidnapped by a sex slave/prostitution ring and he goes to get her. All I can say is that they picked the wrong girl to snatch; her dad is an ex-Federal agent who hasn't lost his touch.If you don't go in expecting too much after all of this glowing praise, I believe that you will be pleasantly surprised as well. I freakin love Liam Neeson and this movie does him justice and more. If you want an awesome and I mean awesome revenge story then this movie is for you. The story is so gripping and it's the type of movie that you can't stop thinking about after you watch it. Great use of the story premise, plot devices and very believable build up. The dialogue is precise and idiosyncratic to each character. The characters are incredibly well fleshed out. The acting is great; Liam Neeson did this role incredibly, everyone else doesn't have that much but at least they didn't ruin the film because of it. The cinematography is excellent and the editing masterful. Action sequences are beautiful and deliberate. The soundtrack/audio is specific but not deterring. This movie reeks of "Leon" or "The Professional" or even "Ronin" and will have that cult following who will rant about it for years. Specific details made me think of "The Professional/Leon" (for example the sleeping/sitting in the armchair by Neeson) and I was not surprised to learn it was written by Luc Besson (director of "The Professional/Leon"). I thought that many action films fail because of the lack of attention to detail, but this is not the case for "Taken". It is a must see for action fans. An absolutely brilliant film! A really enjoyable film, one of my favourites! Made me see Oskar Schindler in a different light! For those that enjoyed this: Taken 2 is a good sequel, but not as good as this one (as many sequels aren't). Neeson has also released other action films and more of him being a BadALiam Neeson is obviously the main star in this film, and this has been the stepping stone for him to being cast in other action films. His performance in Batman Begins in 2005 was good, and I was disappointed that it didn't shoot off his action-film career, but I am glad this has! Can't wait to see his film coming out in February (Non-stop) nor see what humor role he has in Anchorman 2 (has anyone else seen that Ricky Gervais video??)Couldn't ask for a more action-packed-thrill-ride-more-bada film. One of the best out there! This movie takes us back to the good old street justice days of movies.We all remember Death Wish and Out For Justice, and not forgetting Payback. These movies gave us that raw and pure violence without any remorse or feeling, just raw good old violence. And who would have tough Liam Neeson to be the one pulling this off so generously. Well, here my friends we have something so good, it's just to good to miss out on. I sat on my couch, eating chips and having some max, while this killing machine of a man just took down one after another, and it seemed it should never end. To my satisfaction I might add, I enjoyed the killing quite much. The last time I had a blast like this were when I saw Out For Justice and Under Siedge, maybe even Bloodsport or Death warrant. These aren't the acting standard one might hope for, but non the less good old violent action at it's best, just like this good flick is. So, to stop babbling and answering the question at hand, yes, this is the movie you want to see, and yes, it will make you wanna take up karate again in the garage... It is unfortunate that 'Taken' is automatically regarded as clichéd by hearing its plot alone. In a nutshell, the daughter of an American secret agent is kidnapped and so he goes after her kidnappers. Sounds like a movie-made-for-TV doesn't it? Well it's not! The writing is excellent. Very tight, it gets to the point really quickly. It is obvious that they worked on the script a lot, to ensure that nothing boring or redundant is left inside. The rhythm of the plot picks up quickly and you don't want to stop watching.The action scenes are filmed to perfection and they are all convincing and interesting. The European set gives a kind of exotic vibe, adding to the value of the movie.Finally Liam Neeson is perfect for the role. You might think that someone like Bruce Willis might be more cut out for this, but Neeson proves he is an excellent actor and his performance is truly enjoyable.Do not miss out on 'Taken'. It is one of the best of its kind. I just want to say Taken is the best movie about dads' love. The more often I see this film, the better it gets (and it was terrific the first time I saw it!). The acting is first rate, with Liam Neeson perfectly cast and giving an outstanding performance as the ex-spy Dad on a rampage to rescue his kidnapped daughter from euro sex merchants. After the opening set-up, the action is non-stop and amply displays Neeson's training and an athletic skill that belies his late-fifties age. Written by Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen, the dialog is crisp and compelling. All in all, a wonderful action film that has you pulling for the protagonist from beginning to end. Although many other reviewers cite the similarities to the Bourne franchise, they are probably too young to fully appreciate how closely the flow of the film parallels the Death Wish series, particularly in the efficient and dispassionate manner in which Neeson's character dispatches "the enemy" to meet their maker. Overall, a great movie you can watch again and again. Liam Neeson is really fantastic in this as a hard man who's daughter (Maggie Grace) gets kidnapped while she's on holiday in Europe. Liam really captures the acting in this brilliantly. with him being an ex spy the interrogation of the men he knows has something to do with the capture of his daughter really have a bad time of it...... torture, painful deaths and some very skillful overkills are among what Liam Neeson's character offers. he really goes all out in the search of his daughter which i think any man would try to do if they were in a similar problem.there really isn't much more to say on this. its fairly straight forward but is very effective. the high points of this movie is the smartness of Neeson's character and also the high octane action that goes with it. everyone should see this awesome movie..........9.6/10 It's been just too long waiting for an action thriller that will knock my socks off, given too many bland attempts that left me wondering if the genre is too tired for my liking, with nothing left to wow. Then comes the Europa Corp team of Pierre Morel directing a Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen story, and Taken now ranks as one of my contemporary favourites for its simple story executed with so much style and gripping pace, that you'll be left breathless by the time the end credits roll.The trailer had one of the best monologues that I'm sure would have put many in the theatres, and probably be representative of the film. You have a stoic looking Liam Neeson as a father who tells the stranger at the end of the other line the conditions that the game will be played in, with perhaps bluff calling against bluff, only for the challenge and gauntlet to be thrown. From then on it's a non-stop adrenaline rush because this daddy happens to be a top ex-covert operative for the US government, so the bad guys essentially have chosen a wrong opponent to play the game with.The story worked well in dipping into some familiar fears, where daddy's little girl Kim (Maggie Grace) tells her dad lie after lie so as to cover up her tracks in wanting to do things she knows he would disapprove of. Such as, in this case, going on a tour of museums in Paris supposedly, rather than letting him know of her intent of being a groupie with friend Amanda (Katie Cassidy) chasing U2 all over Europe. Some may dismiss this fear as paranoia, but I think that heightened sense of awareness is a by product occupational hazard, and it's always better to err on the side of caution. For any parent who are confident of their kid's conduct, there is absolutely no guarantees that their kids' friends would toe the same line, and there are often those who are magnets for trouble due to their thrill seeking. As is in this case where you see supposed safeguards to lower risks being systematically peeled away.With his reluctant consent and lessons being thrown in on very simple survival tips (that would even serve well in real life), things still go wrong according to Murphy, and Liam Neeson's Brian has to race against time in finding a needle in the perennial haystack, relying on contacts and skills built over the years in carrying out government missions of prevention to save masses, now to put them into something more personal when addressing what could be any parent's worst nightmare, in having their daughters sold to the sex slave trade.Action-wise, Morel employs a whole host of fights ranging from gun battles, knives and the good ol' fisticuffs, with Neeson employing some cool Shinsai Goshin Kai moves for close quarter combats to take out opponents. You might balk at how it's probably another one man army movie with the hero ripping through the streets of Paris, but this borders close to the Jason Bourne movies in the way opponents are dispatched without remorse and without much bullshit. It's clinical as it is deadly, just the way I suppose anyone would do so without the very hokey monologues that plague lesser films prior to each kill. The action direction was top notch without resorting to cheap MTV styled quick cuts, and had kept the shaky-cam syndrome at bay, which in turn provided for a pure adrenaline rush for action junkies out there.Taken well deserved its accolades and I say again, one of the best action thrillers to have hit the screen of late after a number of bland peers. I highly recommend this and it's a shoo-in as a contender for top films of this year. See if you can spot that SQ plane flying overhead in a scene too! Bryan wants to spend time with his daughter, Kim; but his relationship is strained by his ex-wife and her rich husband. So when Bryan is approached by Kim to allow her to go to Paris, he refuses but comes around to the idea....When Kim arrives in Paris she and her friend contemplate on what to do....As Kim makes her phone-call to Bryan, something awful happens men kidnap the two young girls, Bryan listens helplessly on the phone, he warns the kidnapper that he will find him....Like any father would...But what makes Bryan different is that he is in fact a CIA spy...Bryan arrives in Paris with a vengeance, destroying anyone and everyone in his path to find his daughter.The film at first is very slow but you become attached to the nice and calm Bryan, the average guy who probably lives next door to you; and then he explodes with rage; Liam Neeson provides a great performance as the desperate father, while Maggie Grace takes on a change of character, away from the hot blonde...she plays a 'sheltered' young woman who is almost child like...I was brought in straight away by the trailer, the scene when his daughter is kidnapped, his threat to the kidnapper...and then the scene when he finally finds the kidnapper...Beautiful.... What can i say, great movie, one of the best i have seen for a long time, probably at the same level of enjoyment with the Bourne trilogy. Luc Besson is one of my favorite action movie Director and he knows how to keep you on your seat for the entire length of the movie. Neeson is playing one of his best action roles and the entire casting is there to support him. To bad i didn't see it at the movies but even at the comfort of my own place on a DVD, i was still glued to the screen. Imaculate storyline, revenge is not a plate eaten cold but an action TAKEN now, and immediately. The problem of watching such a good movie is that you'll be judging everything else based on that and from the movies that i've watched lately i can assure you it will be some time until the next good one. Just great. Okay, I put a 10 out of 10 as my rating, more like a 9.5 out of 10, but whatever. I've watched many, many action movies and usually when I find one rated PG-13, I'm always wishing it was R because of the material that's left out. Most of the time it feels PG-13 and you can't believe anything's real in a feeling like that. But this movie really pushed the boundaries of a PG-13 rating with the violence and let me tell you, I'm glad it did! I know violence doesn't make a movie better, but in this case, it really adds to the intensity of Liam Neeson's character, which is Dirty Harry mixed with John McClain and a little dash of Jason Statham in Transporter mode. It's a very taut thriller with an interesting setting and story line, filled with outlandish (yet effective and very cool) fight/shootout sequences that only Luc Besson of The Professional fame could bring to the screen. I highly recommend this film to anyone wanting a good revenge thriller with an aging man who can still kick some serious butt! 