Guardians of the Galaxy is just another mediocre film. Under the pretence of future, it sneaked in embraces of the past. Perhaps it tried to be both, but it was neither a serious film nor a comedy. It failed to trigger any deeper emotion inside me. Its humour was out of context. There were too many characters, most of which were not properly developed. The purposes of existence of those figures were very confusing. I'll comment in detail on the triggering of deeper emotions and the humour in the following 2 paragraphs.Someone commented that the films like the Dark knights series set a standard that superhero films must be deep and thoughtful. That person further commented that this film, Guardians of the Galaxy challenged this standard. I generally don't like dogmas. But here it's not at all about dogmas. It is just the fact that those "deep" ones could trigger deeper emotions, or provoke thoughts, or inspire the audiences, or help the audiences learn something, or help the audiences learn themselves better. By these, the audiences like, think about, involuntarily recall, remember and give high scores for those "deep" films. Of course different people have different opinions on deepness. So, I don't comment on the deepness of Guardians of the Galaxy. Just commenting on triggering deeper emotions, or provoking thoughts, or inspiring me, or helping me learn something or learn myself better, unfortunately, Guardians of the Galaxy did none of these to me. So, it just didn't make me feel that way, that it was one of those all-time great films.Someone commented that Guardians of the Galaxy was not a serious film, but rather, it was a great, light-hearted comedy. Even for this, I don't think I could agree. Great humour exists in context. In the right context, something plain could be hilarious. Out of context, brilliant jokes were just nothing. In Guardians of the Galaxy, too much humour ran out of context. For example, the raccoon said later, that he asked for one prisoner's prosthetic leg was just a joke. What did this convey? It was clever to play such heartless jokes on your partners when it was time to be serious? No. How about it tried to portray a figure, the raccoon, who was unfazed in front of great danger? But then you had to make the situation look dangerous. Even in The Wizard of Oz (1939), the scenes felt more creepy than here in the prison. The prison here felt just like a noisy second-hand market. So, I didn't find the joke funny and didn't know why it was in the film otherwise either. There were many such lines. I knew they were intended to be something to make people laugh, but I just didn't feel that entertained at those improper moments.All in all, Guardians of the Galaxy has no place on the all-time great list. Perhaps it was the last joke it could play, on itself, being put into the Top 250 list. Among those great films, its mediocrity would just manifest itself. Just within the first month of its release, it dropped 20 places on the Top 250 list from the 34th to the 54th. As time goes on, this film will likely drop further when the enthusiasm fades after its initial surge. There are great films, like In the Name of the Father (1993), A Beautiful Mind (2001) etc. They were not on the Top 250 list before, but gradually rose up and emerged into the all-time great list. Just on the contrary, Guardians of the Galaxy will gradually drop out of the Top 250 list.I thought it would only be fair giving this 1 star, even though it's maybe - at BEST - a 4, because this is definitely not worth 8. GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY was a shot I chose to try in god knows how long since I've been to the cinema. This is just another load of Hollywood trash. I had the impression it was innovative, considering the Guardians being pulled out from the bottom of the pile and the whole outlaw thing... but I was wrong...IN THE BEGINNING, what's-his-name is on Earth and it is APPARENTLY '88. The kid's mother dies. OK. Is this meant to be emotional despite the fact I have no attachment to any of these characters yet? OH WOW IT'S THE FUTURE NOW!! I'm sorry; his mother dies, he goes outside and then he gets abducted? What is this supposed to signify? Not to mention it's (obviously) unbelievably and strangely timed, but this is probably an attempt at giving some depth to the main character, but really doesn't do ANYTHING for the major plot of the entire film.The rest of the film was just a bunch of underdogs coming together because they end up in the same space prison (because what happens when you're arrested together is you share a block, not to mention gender is no issue here). Then they fall into this orb situation. What is it? It.. it is this orb.. and it is powerful.. a bit like the cube or something. There was little development in the story at all really, a few changes in direction but no real twists or anything surprising. I don't even know, I was almost asleep half the time. I was constantly checking my watch to see when it was over.So we have hideous CGI here. Ridiculously unprofessional, but I guess I'm not in with the CGI in blockbusters. They have this obnoxious claim to fame with technology it seems; having the ability to do these things doesn't make it cool, it just looks like a video game. Another thing, visually, was the designs. It was just so typical of the action/sci-fi genre in the technology and whatnot, and the characters... very much in the same boat but more-so thrown together effortlessly.Then after that its all EXPLOSIONS - SPEEDING - ADVERTISING - HITTING! In between there's a conceited amount of one liners that made me cringe. The best kind. And in the end we have some false suspense because we know everything is going to be okay.OVERALL: >The comedy was... horrid... >The story was simple. >The characters were lacking in... everything really. -The cinematography didn't even involve cameras. >The soundtrack was a bunch of pop classics chucked together. So what was good about it? The ACTION!!!1111 Wait, no... >The action was too much, unnecessary and clearly there to fill in time. Main reason I even saw this was I received an invitation from some mates. I think I'll try go back to sticking to films with a point. The only point of this was to brainwash and make big bucks.The movie was recommended to me by a friend who saw the reviews and somehow believed those. Huge mistake.To say the movie is childish would be an honor for this movie, I have seen plenty of animated movies which were a huge lot better.The story is dumb and entirely predictable. The characters are almost flat and have absolutely no credibility from either a serious point of view nor from a parody point of view. Acting was also poor.Visual effects were OK and being a 3D movie helped, but that is the only positive thing that I can say about the movie.The theater was half-full but during the entire movie there was not a single time when you could hear everybody laughing hard.The only way I can imagine that so many 9 and 10 star reviews were added for this movie is since all the brainwashed Marvel fan-boys and sock-puppets for the studios somehow managed to overwhelm normal reviewers.As a fan of Marvel movies I was excited to see Guardians of the Galaxy. However, this movie failed on several levels.It is supposed to a comedy but the jokes are not funny. I genuinely laughed once. Furthermore, one 'joke' was weirdly inappropriate.The story is completely generic. It seems like they just needed some story, any story, as a vehicle for the characters to get together and try to be funny.I wanted to write a review without spoilers but the big set-piece ending of a spaceship crashing into the ground has to be called out. This was done in the Avengers and Star Trek: Into Darkness. To me, it's like directors have to have this '9/11' shot in every movie (big thing crashes into buildings) and it has to stop. It's boring now.The only positive about this movie was the special effects and space backgrounds.It seems that Marvel have figured out punters will pay cash money for any old junk if its wrapped up in special effects and a decent soundtrack. I will approach the next Marvel with extreme caution, and I will not see Guardians of the Galaxy 2.I love Marvel. Whether it be X-Men, Thor, The Avengers, Spider-man, Iron Man... most of the commonly known ones, of course, but I always loved them. But to put this as simply as I can -though that doesn't mean this will be short-, this film was filled with 1,000 of the most common clichés extracted from these great films and stories and crammed them into one mashed-up, jumpy, unreserved, ridiculous, abnormal, spiteful, detestable, idiotic, moronic, absurd, ludicrous, senseless, meaningless, pointless, terribly-written, unbelievably- unrealistic, super-super-super-hero-wannabe movie that very desperately AND obviously AND obnoxiously attempts to special-effect everything -and I mean everything- to simply gain some big bucks because, hey, it's Marvel, what could go wrong? It's sad to see how successful their attempts were; I fell for it... for me, it's all due to The Avengers because that was freaking amazing, even though it had a lot of commonplace stuff. And boy, do I regret wasting my two hours on this extremely disappointing collage. Basically, it's a film made of collages because everything just had to be colorful in outer space. No seriously. Of course everything is colorful there. It's not like the galaxy is filled with 96% dark matter that is called DARK for a reason. So yeah. Totally makes sense. And your skin also starts rotting in outer-space, too. Serious case of leprosy then? I liked Elektra more than this. I'd rather have watched that five times. Kind of feel like that says something. The only reasons I smiled or laughed was because the directors and script writers were decent at making corny jokes, puns, and lines funny enough that giggling is impossible prevent unless you are emotionless. They should have gone with comedy, rather than action-adventure, though, since I sincerely thought the rest of the moments were just junk. Call me a spoil-sport if you must, but I was literally whispering what would happen in the next minute to my friend beside me. Usually I'm not very good at predicting what happens in films -unless they are seriously full of clichés...which this film is-, but I said them anyway. I was right 8 times. Out of 9. I counted. Anyway... though the beautiful graphics did rival that of Avatar, the plot of "saving the people from the evil mastermind only this time it involves the whole galaxy instead of just one planet so it's not just Earth that's being targeted this time so ha we are different" never got THIS tiring. I was so close to sinking in my chair and dreaming up a nightmare because of how stupidly predictable this film was. Maybe that was intentional and Marvel fans just wanted to see some new, more unique heroes this time, and also to see the visuals, and maybe to see Chris Pratt and Zoe Saldana's pretty butts...but whatever. I had half that mind prepared for a cliché-turned- awesome movie when I walked in the theater. I came out with my whole mind filling up and overloading with shame and displeasure.So, plot: Would have been old and good but it wasn't. Protagonists: I would have cared for them more if the filmmakers didn't blow up almost everyone's favorite guy and kept alive some people's least-liked guy(s). So, yeah. Villains: ... oh my gosh, no, seriously? What even happened to the evil robot woman? Did the filmmakers just completely forget her? Music: Louder than Inception's horn. And I loved that even though it had no tune. Couldn't stand this though. But still, be ready for some rocking 80s and 90s music that I would have downloaded if they didn't play those songs during totally inappropriate moments. Comedy relief my butt. The only relief I got out of the soundtrack that isn't even their soundtrack -hopefully they didn't violate any copy rights... I mean, if it's these filmmakers, I wouldn't be surprised- is that I'm glad Groot enjoyed himself. Visuals: Stunning. That wasn't sarcastic at all. At all. What else? Oh yeah, unless you pay me a million dollars, I would never watch the sequel. So sorry I can't contribute ten dollars for Marvel next time. Tough luck.Don't let this review stop you though. Most of my friends liked it. And of course, most people who reviewed this movie liked it, so I guess I'm just a jerk. I'm betting you readers agree, and that's totally understandable since I am totally venting. But hey, three out of four of my friends never watched a Marvel movie so... call me bluffing, but I sincerely experienced one of the deepest disappointments I have ever dealt with in regards to a movie franchise in my entire life.... I'm still going to watch X-men though. Dang you, Marvel.Such an awful wreck! There I said it. These marvel films are becoming a huge bore and nevertheless have disappointed anyone even bothering to consider that maybe one day Hollywood will create a stellar film. But this?! This!? Garbage? Filled, to-the-lid with CGI! The typical stereotypes blown over proportions and yet people still go to these theaters and pay for this crap and still LIE to themselves and honestly say that it was a "fantastic" and "great" and "awesome" A film that would put a psychologist laughing maniacally in their leather armchair. The "Ten out of Ten" reviews are being given out like candy from these people. Were the characters bad? Yes. How many? Out of the guardians, it's obvious out of the five, there's Groot, the tree humanoid incapable of having a conversation, but don't worry it can understand what you're saying until of course, the record of the Idiot starts to play and Groot marches off and ruins your pitch perfect plan. He's the cgi character crutch. Crutch? How exactly? Simple when there's a break in the scene, here comes Groot and then we say..."okay Groot, perform your thing and then maybe even add a homage to the Hulk?" Rocket Raccoon, what a mess isn't he? Both as a character and the fact that most of the emotion in this film came from the animated Raccoon. How many scenes will star him seething at the audience? As if his problems are towards everyone? What's even worse is the fact everyone is laughing at him in real life, there's no respect for him outside the film. Oh, and where's his real accent? Though I would have to say he's not the character that ruined the movie, what a surprised. In the fight of Man versus CGI, cgi wins in having a character outperform it's humanoid actors. And what of Quill, Gamora, and Draxx? David Bautista as Draxx was actually the better of the three, in the overall performance (if any) Why? Well, you'll be sharing this characters maniacal laughter once you've realized you wasted valuable devotion for a franchise whose focus is better spent on a festival of explosions rather than a film focusing on Quality. Oh, but wait! Quill and his quirks and Gamora as the feminism object! Dun, Dun, Dun! The perfect trio nowadays are the idiots and the friendly brutes and the threatening but soft spot woman! Chris Pratt and Zoe Saldana... WHAT COULD GO WRONG...oh I don't know... Let's start predicting before we start watching the film... Is there a sex scene? It's PG-13, so no, but is there a RomCom kiss scene? You BETCHA! Ah, what a romanticism of a film! Please let me just change my rating from 6 to ZEROIf you expect a disappointment, you're welcome. If you're an oblivious fanatic that just loves hearing and reading the same regurgitated lines, you're in for a whirlwind!Good Luck Marvel in your festival of delusion! May the farce be with you!If this is what passes for blockbuster entertainment these days then, after 50 years of cinema-going, I'm opting out for good. Are the filmmakers of the 21st Century so devoid of originality that everything has to be a cut and paste from the past? So, a brief run through of the tedium that passes for plot from that most dreaded of all auteur's the writer-director. A dude from the past (1988) gets taken into space sub-Hitchhiker Galaxy-style and gets to spout sub-Star Wars dialogue in a sub-Spaceballs kinda plot. I was looking at my watch after the first half hour. There was no irony or intelligence in the story, the hero takes off his space helmet in the vacuum of space and hands it over to the sour-faced flat-chested Star Trek reboot and they both survive! The director could have at least looked at Total Recall if the physics were too tough for him. If they can censor the best part of Zulu for alleged raaacism then I truly hope this garbage gets shredded for stupidity and cynicism. A sequel is, naturally, in the works. God bless you Stanley Kubrick.This film was like the story of " The Emperor's New Clothes", where the con artists create an invisible suit and just to fit in everyone in the village inducing the king say they like the suit. Parts of the film were enjoyable and the film BUT this film is not better than the 2001: A Space Odyssey, Bicycle Thief, Rashamon, Toy Story, Chinatown, Up, Pan's Labyrinth, The Hunt, Ikuru, Good Will Hunting, Blade Runner, Rebecca, Casino, V for Vendetta, Fargo, Trainspotting, Into the wild, Dial M for Murder, The Sixth Sense, The Thing, No Country for Old Men, Kill Bill: Vol. 1, Incendies, Network, Diabolique, There Will Be Blood, Amores Perros, The Wizard of Oz, Million Dollar Baby, The Avengers, he Bourne Ultimatum, Strangers on a Train, Twelve Monkeys, Notorious, The King's Speech, The Terminator, Rocky, Dog Day Afternoon, Monsters, Inc., Memories of Murder, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2, Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, Die Hard, etcSo - my son and I went to watch GotG. After reading mixed reviews we were skeptical but curious. The bad reviews unfortunately were right. The movie has no story line, stupid characters (like a talking raccoon) and more bad language than most rated R films I have seen. The producers were trying to cover the lack of plot with senseless action scenes that all seemed random and disconnected. Do yourself a favor and save the money you spend - you will get more pleasure from a big cup of ice cream. I can't believe Glenn Close and Vin Diesel took even small roles in this.My sons' quote: " I totally agree with my dad. There was no point in making this movie. The movie is overly dramatic for instance; in the beginning of the movie Starlords mom dies from cancer and she asked him to hold her hand while she dies, and he looks away and cries. Then after she dies he runs out of the hospital and gets kidnapped by aliens. The characters are really badly made, like the evil blue dude who has a half robot daughter that just stands around him like an eavesdropping servant or the madman who just tries to kill Ronan - so a lot of this movie is stupid. We left the theater half way through.I love good superhero films, Captain America, Superman, Iron Man. This is not one of them. If I"d been alone I would have walked out and the last time I did that in a cinema was for The Wedding Singer.It's not without merit but with $170 million spent, I would hope not. The design overall is very good, the effects also and unlike some I liked Chris Pratt and the Ronan actor. But the attempted humour in the dialog is supremely irritating and the racoon character's grating voice was enough on its own to make me hate the talking scenes.The film is so derivative it could have been assembled by cut and paste. But at least it does not take itself seriously, we are thankful for small mercies.Enough said, I will go out of my way to avoid James Gunn films in future.