So, £85 million well spent? I guess since they've already made more than double that back, then from a financial point of view - Yes! But as a film....Frankly I would rather remove one of my own limbs with a blunt hacksaw, then eat it raw before I watched this again. 2.5 hours of some of the most boring drivel, bad acting, weak special effects and irritating children you could hope to come across. The sooner these "Child Stars" descend into a drug and sodomy filled adolescence the better for all concerned.Yes I have read the books, and yes, I enjoyed them, but this is still one of the dullest films I've ever encountered. Sticking to the original story is one thing, but when the audience are left praying for the last 5 chapters to be cut, something's gone wrong.Back to my original point - where did the £85 million go? The Quidditch match was about on a par with King Kong for realism, and using Fungus the Bogeyman for the Troll was a masterpiece of imagination-free modelling. Perhaps all the money went on getting the magic tricks to look right? Or maybe not. How much effort does it take to have some brat wave his wand, the camera cuts away, comedy explosion sound effect, then camera cuts back to child with spiky hair and blackened face? Pure genius! They really have pushed back the boundaries of comedy here.All in all I feel cheated out of 2.5 hours of my life, and I strongly recommend that you don't fall into the same trap. If you have 2.5 hours that you really want rid of, then I'd suggest spending it slowly rubbing sandpaper over your eyeballs - it's cheaper, and more pleasant on the senses.This film was to put it simply rubbish. The child actors couldn't act, as can be seen by Harry's supposed surprise on learning he's a wizard. "I'm a wizard!" is said with such indifference you'd think he's not surprised at all. I've never read the books and this film did nothing to make me want to read them. The only spell this cast over me was one to get me out of the room as quickly as possible every time I have seen this on after my first viewing of it in the cinema. If you want to see a decent book made film watch Lord of the Rings or possibly the sequel to this which I thought was actually good. 1/10I have not read any Harry Potter books.  Be that as it may, when the glowing reviews started to come in for this film I decided to take a look at it.  I cannot comment on the translation from book to film or the quality of Rowling's books but the film of the very first novel is quite horrible.  I tried to like it, but I found it excruciating to watch.  It took me no where and, even worse, it really didn't have much of a plot.  The thin shreds of plot were introduced 1 hour and 45 minutes into the film.  The first part of the film was obviously conceived to give a background to the viewer of the Potter world.  Unfortunately there was little to grip me here and I found most of it to be grossly out of place.  What the heck does a game of "Quidditch" have to do with the story?  It, and many other things, were just eye candy.  The characters were stale and seemed like rejects from a Roald Dahl story (see James and the Giant Peach).  I'm flabbergasted that such a piece of junk has attracted so many adamant fans.  No wonder kids don't know how to read or write very well anymore.  No wonder Britney Spears and N'Sync are so possible.  The piece of trash that is Harry Potter explains it all - the current generation will cling to anything as long as they don't have to think for themselves.  'Tis a pity.2 1/2 hours of Boredom. Half the audience fell asleep, including most of the kiddies. Beautiful to look at, but that does not make for a interesting film. Rather spend your money on Lord of the Rings.Why all the glowing comments?  This is one lame movie.  Haven't we seen these types of special effects enough already?  The acting was lame.  The story was lame.  The pace was slow.  The scenes overly long and trite.  I was bored out of my mind.  I don't really think that most children would honestly like the movie very much except for the fact that it's been hyped so much.  They probably have collected all the toys and such that go along with the marketing of this drivel.  It looks to me that the overly positive reviews are from those that are a part of the sheep syndrome that is sweeping the nation.  Join the flock or be an outcast?  Sorry, I'm not so easily led...this is one lame movie.I feel so bad for Richard Harris.  One of his last roles and it had to be this weak character.  He's probably had worse rolls, but this certainly is not one to be proud of.  Big beards do not make a character wise or strong. Alan Rickman's character was by far the best played one. 
I'll rate this 1/10 because of the pretentiousness of the whole thing. Sorry kids, this one does suck.Warning: there may be spoilers ahead. Not like it matters, because the whole movie is rotten anyway, and you're better off not seeing it.I really don't get what kids like so much about this drivel. The main problem is that the characters are not likable. Not that they are dislikeable, they are just flat and bland like altar bread. And they don't change at all from the beginning to the end. Who's to blame - the bad actors, the mediocre director, or the awful writer? Really, I've seen far better character development in "Revenge of the Nerds".And the story is just dumb. It starts with a good point: a kid with magical powers. Where did I hear that before? Oh, of course: "The Books of Magic". Except for the fact that JK Rowling is no Neil Gaiman... but anyway, here's an example. When Potter's magic powers first appear, he never seems to be too puzzled by them, never gets scared, nor thinks about using them to exact revenge from his cruel family. Hello? Anyone there ever read "X-Men"? If you suddenly get super-human powers, you must be puzzled and tempted!Talking about cruel families... they can be excellent plot devices. Green Goblin, anyone? But Potter seems to be immune to a decade of humiliation. Sure, he is quite lethargic (or is it bad acting?), but is never aggressive or rancorous. Which makes no sense.There are lots of other bad scenes, like the ridiculous chess scene. Remember that scene of "Attack of the Clones" that was sometimes mockingly described as 'Star Wars meets Megaman'? This is similar, but even worse. There's no sensible reason for this place to exist, yet it does. Even if the rest of the movie was not a disgrace, that scene alone would have ruined it. Any suspension of disbelief that had survived the previous awfulness of the movie was killed at that exact moment.Bad acting, bad directing, bad visual effects, bad music, and - above anything else- the bad writing... with all these problems, this movie ends up bland like drinking warm water. It has absolutely no flavor - but it can still make you want to throw up.This film is simply awful, the acting is a joke. Being a fan of the book I decided to buy the DVD without seeing at the cinema or renting it before, but I was extremely dissapointed. Daniel Radcliff's acting is terrible, in my honest opinion he was only hired because he looks like the illustrations of Harry Potter and he is definatly what I had pictured in my mind but his acting makes a mockery out of the film and turns it into a spoof of the book, instead of bringing it to life. I definatly won't be rushing to the shops to get the second film too soon.***SLIGHT SPOILERS*** As an adult, it didn't appeal to me in the least. The effects were poorly done, the giant plot leap in the middle ("lots of strange things are happening-- hey, I know! it's definitely because the creepy teacher guy wants the thing under the trap door under the three-headed dog") threw me completely out of the story. It's really a kids only movie, which disappointed me, because I'd been hearing such good things about it. And then at the end, Harry is sent back to his abusive adoptive parents. So much for changing one's situation.And I know that they had to cut tremendous amounts of story in order to make it only 2 1/2 hours long (which was still way too long for this movie). After waiting in line outside the theater with tickets bought a week ahead of time, I must say I was truly disappointed. I'm even more saddened by the commercial success and the lunacy of die hard Harry Potter fans which will keep this sad and poorly-written movie in theaters much longer than it needs to be.Some books should remain books.Many viewers of this film applaud its faithfulness to the book, however they miss that while the film includes much of the book in it (more than is necessary in fact), it lacks the central story.  That is:  the story of a young boy who has suddenly had his wildest dream come true, and who now must deal with his newfound celebrity, his amazing magical heritage, and most of all, day to day life at Hogwarts with his friends (and enemies).  The movie is more preoccupied with populating Hogwarts with ghosts and moving staircases than it is with characters of any depth.  Everyone from the book, Harry included, suffers from a serious lack of on-screen development, and as a consequence the story lurches  ponderously from event to event without the throughline that stong character development would bring.  I, for one, am not easily impressed by effects, no matter how impressive, especially when they are a duplicitous substitute for the real strength of a story such as this:  character.It's a movie made for people who think that magic is cute and fun.  If you're a fantasy fan like I am, and believe in magic (in a fictional sense) then you may very well detest this movie, as I did.  Magic comes easily to little Harry Potter, who has no personality to speak of except that he is occasionally sad that he never met his mum and dad.  Years of abuse and neglect have left not a mark on him, so when he gets invited to Hogwarts Academy of Magic, he has nowhere for his character to go.  There he flies around on his broomstick and gets to be a big hero quite by accident without ever confronting any serious obstacles or anything resembling a plot.  In all this, the film is an excellent adaptation of the book, which also thought that magic is cutesy wootesy.