Remember Mortal Kombat, Battletoads, Overwatch, Gundam, FireFly, TMNT, Night rider, Back to The Future, King Kong, Iron Giant, Mecha Godzilla, Atari, Nintendo, Goons, ET, Shining, Batman, Halo, Gears of War, Monty Python, Michael Jackson, Street Fighter, Vikings, Liches, Lara Croft, Golden Eye, Aliens, Madballs, Child's Play, Etch A Sketch, View-Master, Beastmaster, Space Invaders, Ping Pong, A-team, Batman 60's, Ryu, Monster trucks, Marvel comics, Goro, Harley Quinn, Akira, Saturday Night Fever, Say Anything, Hello Kitty, Star Trek, Star Wars, Freddy Krueger, Duke Nukem, Terminator, Final Fantasy, Robocop, Battle Star Galactica, Rubic's cube, Hal 9000, Card collecting games and Star Craft? WE SURE DO. Well watch us to list everything over 2 hours. You'll love it.I just had my intelligence insulted for a blistering 2 hours and 20 minutes. I don't know who this movie is for, but it's not for fans of the book. It's a beautiful movie that ruins itself with horrible pacing and non-existent character development.My favorite part is at the end when they casually collapse the world economy two times a week because Spielberg's kids need a life lesson on putting their cell phones down.I know. Every movie does not tell the full story of a book. 
But when I watched the trailers, I already saw that the movie was far, faaaaar away from the book.
Now I watched the movie and my worst fears became reality.What is left over from the book:
The title
Names of the characters (except for Shoto)
That it is about an Easter egg hunt in the OASIS.
More or less the concept of the OASIS.
The colors of the keys and gates incl. the points you get for the gates.
That Aech is driving a truck. 
Wade has his rig (but not the one from the movie) in a scrapyard truck.
IOI is evil. 
Everyone else is good.What was left out:
About everything what you liked from the book, like Wargames, Dungeons and Dragons, Rush, Joust, in fact every arcade game, Pac Man, ...What is different from the book:
Everything!This movie is created for an audience younger than 20 years, who has no idea about the 80s or would understand any references from that time.
To be clear, the whole OASIS is not only 80s, but the Easter egg hunt is.
Also the deaths that happen in the book were removed to have the young audience not to be confronted with the harsh methods from IOI.All characters are and behave totally differently.
Aech is in the book a badass who knows his stuff, not that whiney character in the movie.
Wade is a kid who has no money, IRL and in the OASIS, so no DeLorean from the start.
He starts the hunt with a level 1 sword, shield and leather body armor. 
Art3mis is a chubby girl (would have been great to see that in the movie). So why is Spielberg putting his money on a skinny girl? Great move to give the one chance away to put some self-esteem in non-perfect people.
I-R0k is a stupid looser in the book, not that super strong headhunter.
Really? IOI employees applaud when Wade opens the final gate?!The 80s references used in the movie have nothing in common with the ones from the book. 
But not always the obvious 80s references are the best ones, there are many hidden treasures in the book.
Mr. Spielberg, learn something from Marvel, they used "Lake Shore Drive" in the soundtrack... think about it.
A great movie might have really started an 80s nostalgia boost. But you killed it. What was stolen from other movies:
The OASIS simulation inside the OASIS simulation, from Inception. 
The place around the castle with the lava and high voltage bursts, from Star Wars III.
Rig suits, strongly inspired by Tron Legacy.
I-R0k made like a very cheap Boba-Fett-headhunter-copy, again Star Wars.
Iron Giant raising the thumb while melting in the lava, from Terminator II - Judgement day (when was that? right 1991).In conclusion: 
Mr. Spielberg, you are old enough, you have enough money. Please retire. You lost it long ago.
Maybe you can write a children's book, and watch it getting ripped to pieces by some amateur director, who makes a movie from your book. For the viewers:
If you loved the book. Stay far away from that movie. Never ever watch it. 
You will only scream in frustration, like I did. 
If you have not read the book and you have 2.5 hrs and the money to spare, you can watch it. Maybe you will enjoy it.
But as many others wrote, it is a straight forward plot, cheesy scenes, mediocre story, lame jokes. I don't know how they kept Ernest Cline quiet. It must have either involved a lot of money or threatening him to sue. How else would you silently watch how your hard work gets so destroyed.This is up there with Crystal Skull and Lost World as one of Spielberg's biggest turds. So so bad. For starters this is nothing like the book. The book is all about the details and this adaptation totally misses those. The dialogue was by the numbers. Lots of exposition and at times flat out cheesy. Lots of tell, very little show. Little to no character development. Wade has zero arc in the movie. He's just kind of there. Nothing made me really care for him. I found myself bored many times and the only times I laughed where when I couldn't believe how comically bad this was. Massive disappointment.Super boring and predictable, the movie is parasitizing on gamers nostalgia and that's it.Why make a movie based on a book, and change literally every aspect of the book?? I know movies aren't going to be exactly like the books, but this is ridiculous.All over the place. Terrible character development, even worse dialogue. The cgi is awful. For being an immersive digital world supposedly thirty years or so from now, the oasis looks cheap and a lot like something animated by Pixar in the early 2000s. Predictable and boring. 40 minutes too long. Thought about leaving a half hour in, afterwards I was mad I didn't. I just kept thinking it would get better. It. Did. Not.This is the most pandering movie I've ever seen. Nostalgia doesn't make up for an awful and predictable plot, Terrible acting, and Ham-fisted references.Just walked out of the cinema as I got incredibly frustrated with the movie. The acting was terrible, the story line was completely butchered and the visual effects were rather unimaginative. Whilst I knew from the beginning that it was not a word for word remake of the brilliant book that is Ready Player One, but to butcher the plot this badly is just criminal. The creators of this movie managed to take a fascinating world and box it into a small maggot infested tin of sardines. What a pile of Hollywood rubbish!If you're looking for anything fun from the book, it's probably gone. Your favorite scene or part of the story line regarding the hunt for the keys and search for clues is GONE! Everything is GONE! Forget RUSH, Joust, ZORK, Lich King, Blade Runner, ALL GONE! A very sad screenplay for such a wonderful book.