All cashing in, no soul.If you want to call your film Star Wars, but are happy to leave the existential matter behind, it creates a product without much of a value..There is a poor orphan girl who scavenges and has no money, house or friends...But she is one of the best pilots in the galaxy and can pilot a spaceship into space ... even better than its owner and master of many years.Yup said girl can maneuver space ships in deep space no problem.I guess she learnt deep galaxy space travel on the side when she was done for the day scavenging and dumpster diving.Barf at Mary Sue and her bf directorThis is well below A You tube video (LOL) that consists of a pathetic and failed attempt at ...... everything (including Mary Sue-ism).Clearly Bad Robot is a very lonely and un-creative place 🤣P.S. What's that STENCH?!? 😖 🤢 It is Jar Jar AbramsWhy don't you get your own ideas?How about you for once in your lives come up with an original idea instead of ripping off everything and everyone and trying to make money and money and more money off other people's ideas??Have you heard of film, art, cinema, movies or talent??This film is such a stupid rip off gender switch and why are these actors so bad? Is it because you picked them up at discount alley???In a country that votes for a dotard who imported Chinese steel, stiffed American suppliers and workers, hired illegal aliens in Florida, married a foreigner who worked here illegally, declared bankruptcy three times and of course is making his merchandise in China, but is voted for by "nationalist" voters LMFAO we have a sequel that is a remake that is devoid of any merit,a rt, imagination, hope or acting/directing capability and yet makes a billion dollars.Enough Said.This film is a cover act with no originality or soul.
Star Wars was a classic of film and cinema,This is a creepy and unfunny movie. The Mary Sue has it easy and is wonderfully (cough cough) magical. This is Hollywood at its hammy worst. The joke of a cast barely bothers to make facial expressions. Harrison Ford is game, but has nothing to work with and the robot does what it can. But mostly I spent the movie cringing at the horrible script and Jar Jar's repulsive obeying Kathleen Kennedy's orders.But not as ugly as the rest of the reboot film.Poor Jar Jar Abrams he just remakes and reboots.
They even have a death star here with the very same flaw is the earlier ones.
LMAOEverything coming out of Disney's greedy studio is crap.
They made a joke out of the superhero genre, they made their endless princesses ugly and now they destroyed Star Wars.
Sadness.
Imagine a so-called Star Wars film episode 7 that totally ignores what happened in episode 6. Now imagine no more. It is called The Farce Awakens.
There was an article on the net a year ago about JJ Abrams last wife. At least she must be happy.I do not have a hard time placing this film. On one side it's so typically hollywoodish - it's a super-production with Star Wars-related content that would make it probably to many Fan film festivals. It's very conventional in its Sunday morning TV message and the morality tale that it tells is quite conventional, and of course, we know the end of the story, either because we have watched Star Wars or because we have seen enough films from Hollywood or for both reasons. On the other side it's a film by JJ Abrams, so there is a dose of mainstream story-telling and inexplicable plot developments in its characters. The special effects are 100% created for the movie and uninspired.So it's the story of Episode IV without any twists.What makes it worse are elements of fan fiction in the story telling, distracted (but not awful) acting from Leia, Rey and others and the computer-generated special effects which succeed to create a level of thrill to a story. Did we need this story and episode? At this level of amateurishness the answer is no.