When the announcement came for a new Transformers movie for Summer, I was pretty excited. I wasn't a major Transformers fan, but I had fond memories of the cartoon and toys. However, I hated the re-designed Transformers, thinking that these new designs were an overly busy cross between Lego's Bionicle toys and expressionist modern art sculptures. I also heard the script was poor, so I decided to skip this one.However, I started hearing movie reviews about what an amazing film this was. "The greatest film of all time!" people proclaimed. So I came to terms with and accepted that these weren't the robots I grew up with, this was a "new" version, and I'd at least find interest in robots transforming into cars and beating each other up. I'd even go see this even though I don't like Michael Bay films.How was it? Transformers is a disgustingly bloated and self-indulgent piece of crap. I understand that I'll get rated down for my review, but I'm prepared to accept that. Sadly, my theater must not have gotten the euphoria inducing gas that apparently other theaters got, causing me to gush over this film like other people.Even the 1986 Transformers film wasn't perfect. It was basically one fight scene after another, and was a means to replace the old toys for a new line, but the action was good, showed the consequences of war, and featured the death of a beloved character. It kept true to the mythos, even though it was different. This movie makes reference to so many other films that it feels like a mishmash of 30 films you've seen before.Bumblebee sends up an "Autobat Symbol" to summon the other Autobots like Batman. There's a scene in an underground bunker which felt totally pulled from Terminator 3 (and a few scenes later, uses the exact drumbeat from the "Terminator Theme"). The fight scenes with their out of focus cameras and "shaky cam" style seems like they are trying to treat the battles as if they were "Saving Private Ryan" caliber. When Bumblebee gets captured during a scene, the music swells up so mournfully and overdramatically, that it makes the tragedies found in "Schindler's List" seem modest.The biggest problem in character design lies in the fact that they all really do look alike. The worst offender was the Decepticon Frenzy, which looked like a 3D rendered pencil scribble, and acted like the Zuni Fetish Doll from "Trilogy of Terror". During the final battle, I was having problems telling who was who, and when the robots collided, it was hard to see where one began and the other ended. The car forms were presented as blatant product showcases, ripped straight from a commercial. Then again, there was so much product placement in the film. eBay must have made a fortune.The slow set-up to the action or even any real glimpses of the title characters felt like "The Hulk". I pay for a movie about transforming robots, that's what I want to see.Why would they keep a deadly robot under Hoover Dam, a major water source and tourist attraction? Why would they bring this "All-Spark" out of the desert and into a heavily-populated city where property damage and civilian casualties could run their full course. The dialogue was painful, sounded like it was written for teenagers, by teenagers in a really bad fanfic like what they thought people would say. What really irked me is how the Autobots couldn't seem to kill a Decepticon, but a lone soldier skidding on his back could dispatch one with a single shot. Why were the Autobots even there if the humans could do it better? How is it that they can save Bumblebee, but they can't repair Jazz? What was the difference? The government/military/robot/anyone dialogue was totally unrealistic, with officials willing to "bet their ridiculously high government paychecks" on hunches. Every line smacked on bad puns, clichés, or just sounded stupid. There was an extended conversation about masturbation between Sam and his parents that felt really awkward and extended far too long.The personalities were also way underdeveloped. Transformers has over two decades of history that wasn't touched upon. The Starscream and Megatron rivalry, where Starscream tried to usurp Megatron for leadership was not mentioned or covered at all. Jazz was cool and fun-loving with a sense of style, while in the film he sounds like a ghetto thug. His first line is profanity, and I felt insulted. Not because of the language, but the fact that this was apparently the best the writers could do. Decepticons were introduced and blown away within minutes. The Autobots weren't much better. Did the people who wrote the story know anything about the subject material besides the fact that robots changed to vehicles? And then Optimus Prime. Obviously, Bay's madness knew better than to totally ruin this character, as he was the only robot who looked even remotely familiar to any previous version. And the personality was fairly accurate... up to the backyard scene, where Prime's personality suddenly shifts, breaks character, and he becomes a clumsy comedian. The next scene, he shifts back into a "leader" personality.The saving grace outside of Prime was Sam Witwicky (played by Shia LaBeouf), who brought a credible "gee whiz" performance to the film, and yet I felt sorry for him using such ham-fisted dialogue.Summer 2007 has been really mediocre for "blockbuster" films, as we're apparently supposed to lower our standards, "sit back, not think and enjoy" with these types of films, but how is one supposed to do that with with film devoid of heart, personality or no focus on the main characters? As a stand-alone film, this is a really bad movie. As a Transformers-licensed film, it's a God awful embarrassment. I'm avoiding the sequels unless they drastically overhaul the franchise and get a script not limited to high-school level online fanfic.This deafeningly loud, obnoxious, usually stagnant and glorified epic disaster of a film was presented with too many opportunities to be one of the all-time greatest summer flicks ever. However, despite the advancements in today's special effects, it being inspired from the highly popular 1980's Hasbro toys and cartoon, with Steven Spielberg overseeing the production as an Executive producer, Michael Bay and his writers were still guilty of making this a "steaming pile." I can effortlessly breakdown at every level why this film didn't work for me.The story was about a teenager name Sam (Shia LaBeouf) who purchases a car that happens to be a robot in disguise from another world. Sam is then caught in the middle of an ancient battle between two groups of these alien robots, the heroic Autobots and the Evil Decepticons. Both are seeking a mysterious cube known as the "Allspark" that contains their "life source." This central plot intertwines with the story of a special ops team being attacked by one of the Decepticons in the beginning, the pentagon enlisting teams of computer hackers to decode a signal they detected that ultimately came from the Decepticons and a hokey love story between Sam and Mikaela, the gorgeous bombshell in his class.As intriguing as all of this may sound, besides the many battle scenes, car chases, attempts on Sam's life and Decepticon attacks, nothing happens to move the story along. Whatever layers of stories that were suppose to be happening beneath the unimpressive action sequences were uneventful and slow. So, all you're left with is the action, which by the end was boring and tedious to watch.The characters were flat and moronic. The humans were one-note, soulless caricatures. They were also more than capable of damaging the robots, which took away from the extraordinary antagonism the original cartoon presented for our human heroes. The humans were helpless against the Decepticons and this made the Autobots necessary. In this absurd film, the humans didn't really need the Autobots to take out the Decepticons.And whatever happened to characters like Jorge "Fig" Figueroa and Maggie? They sort or left this film halfway to the end to join the film playing in the theater next door.Also, part of the cartoon's success was the personalities of the Transformers. They were emotional beings that were capable of treacherous, loyal, courageous, cowardice, morose and optimistic behavior. They weren't just giant piles of junk destroying an American metropolis. Whatever happened to the ongoing struggle for power over the Decepticons between Starscream and Megatron? This would've added some real complexity to this paper-thin story. Instead, Bay and the writers settled for hinting at it with a laughable one-liner from Megatron that rang falser than the action. Wasn't Bumblebee the kindest, frailest of them all? He was essential for his undying compassion for the humans in the cartoons. Not in this film, where he obviously fought in many battles and, when annoyed, can urinate on a human being at any given time. Now going from the true character to the characterizations of the robots, the looks of the original were more engaging and attractive to the eye. In this film, they looked like metal scraps of junk.Then the films auteur had to take it there by making Jazz the Transformer with the Black-American soul, screaming, "What up, b****es?" Ironically, he was the only Autobot that easily gets killed as well. Now, a lesser minded person would pull the race card for this. I would just blame it on lazy, unimaginative, sloppy, hack writing and directing. In the end, I couldn't care less about any of the characters, human or Transformer.The original Transformers could be chastised for wooden dialogue. However, when the characters weren't trying to be funny in this film, the dialogue was ten times worse than that of the cheesy words spoken in the cartoon. It was absolutely ridiculous, with zero subtext. The quality of the dialogue was lessoned in scenes where exposition was inappropriately forced in, like the ineptly written scene when Agent Simmons (John Turturro) was questioning Sam and Mikael in the backseat of the SUV, revealing Mikaelas' weak back story. And how many times did Optimus Prime have to tell us his name? At one point, I thought he was forgetting the many times he said his name previously. Besides, the whole introducing-yourself-thing from the Transformers, especially the Decepticons, was extra cheddar cheesy to me: "I am Megatron!" Yeah, and?! The monologues underscored by the sappy music could've gotten the collective "heave-hove" from this film as well.The special effects were cool but could've been better. Most of the time, the Transformers looked animated instead of real in my opinion. And the confusing, unorthodox way they transformed, not to mention detailing that made them look like piles of scrap metal, revealed most of the flaws in the cartoon like computer generated images. As a director, I wouldn't be satisfied with the end result.The most entertaining thing about sitting through a screening of this film was the hordes of people that were going ballistic over it. They laughed at anything and applauded for everything. From Bumblebee shattering all the glass in and around the car dealership to the Autobots skidding in unison on a U-Turn, these people thought every little thing deserved a standing ovation. Okay, maybe they were not standing. But it was all so laughable to me.In my opinion, Bay, Spielberg and the writers massacred what could've been one of the greatest sci-fi films ever made. The only thing amazing about this experience was my girl sleeping through most of it with me nodding off right along side her. Bay has proved himself to be one of the worst, overpaid film directors in the history of Hollywood.(This comment was deleted by IMDb based on an abuse report filed by another user, so I'm guessing it was pretty abusive; maybe it spoiled some aspect of "the plot," if you can call it that, for some poor soul)I think it was about four or five words into the opening narration when we burst into laughter. "Before time began..." Ouch. When a film can't go 5 seconds without a cliché, it doesn't deserve to be watched, at least not with a straight face.Michael Bay's Transformers is hilariously awful, a sub-Ed Wood affair all the way through, a camp classic in the making. If Bay is the new Edward D. Wood, Jr. then Transformers may be the new Plan 9 from Outer Space. Let me count the ways: 1. Incoherent narration/ incoherent plot? Check.2. Laughably bad dialogue? Check.3. Pompous aliens with inexplicable plan to conquer Earth? Check.4. Day turns to night in an instant? Check.5. Copious use of military stock footage? Check.6. Epic numbers of continuity errors? Check.7. Dramatic confrontations solved via fistfights? Check.8. Dramatic scenes that fly straight out of left field? Check. ("I'm so glad I got in the car with you.") 9. Formerly respectable older star sinks to a new low? Check. (Poor, poor Jon Voight) 10. Incredible overacting that is obviously encouraged by the director? Check.11.Character who cannot speak for no apparent reason? Check.12. Rampant stereotyping (not just the racial ones but stuff like cops acting dumb, doing a lot of shouting, and eating doughnuts, and military officials being all secretive one minute and spilling said secrets the next)? Check.13. Characters with a lot of face time who end up playing no important role in the "story?" Check. (What useful purpose did Duhamel and the troops in Qatar serve after the first ten minutes?) 14. Heavy handed social/political commentary/references? Check. (eBay, eBay, eBay;imagine how much trouble could have been avoided if they'd just BOUGHT THE DAMN GLASSES OFF OF EBAY!) 15. A flying saucer catches on fire then crashes? Check.16. Sudden flashes of light appear from nowhere and knock characters over? Check.17. The action in some shots is hopelessly muddled? Check.18. A character's hilarious death scene is matched only by his hilarious eulogy? Check.19. The action halts suddenly so that someone can explain the back-story? Check.20. Random bursts of laughter fill theater during screening? Check.21. Gaps in dialogue perfect for Mystery Science Theater 3000-esque commentary? Check.22. Inevitable cult following? Check.Only these three things are missing, keeping it from true Ed Wood greatness: 1. No giant octopus. (Though Scorponok comes pretty close.)2. No transvestites. (It has the prefix "trans-" in the title, though.)3. No ludicrously campy speech made by the main villain. (Just " I AM MEGATRON!!!", which is plenty campy but not much of a speech.) Maybe these'll be in the director's cut.Except, of course, Ed Wood's movies had heart; even at their worst they feel like more than exercises in feature-length product placement. Bay doesn't have anything even remotely resembling a heart in his chest - that's why he's not even in Wood's league as a bad director, no matter how many laughs his terrible films get. And at least Wood's films didn't cost $150 million to make.I'm a Transformers fan from way back. I've got an Optimus Prime and a Megatron atop one of my bookshelves. I have ancient videotapes of the fondly remembered cartoon series and a copy of the 20th anniversary movie DVD. I had worried that this film would damage my childhood memories beyond repair, like Star Wars Episode I did. But the film is just TOO bad and TOO stupid to have any real effect on me. The old animated movie, bad as it is, mops the floor with this one. If anything, it is a more mature(!) and entertaining work. The music in the old movie is terrible, but it fits. The music here is just terrible.There are good points, but none anywhere near enough. John Turturro is the only actor who escapes this mess unscathed - his great over-the-top performance suggests that he actually understands how Z-grade the script he was given was. He's a lot of fun to watch, even as he's quickly reduced to a non-entity by the plot mechanics. Turturro is a great actor and this part only serves to elevate his status in my eyes. I hope he got a serious paycheck.I can't stand CGI as a rule, but the special effects here are moderately convincing, at least in those rare moments when the camera isn't performing idiotic cartwheels to obscure them. I honestly like the models for the new TFs (the Autobots, anyway - I can barely tell the Decepticons apart), but the fact that they have little personality isn't so endearing.Maybe the sequel will be up to the lofty standards of Ed Wood's Night of the Ghouls. But I doubt it.I honestly don't know where to start with this movie. I will say however, that - like many other people - this is the film I've been waiting 20 years to see.I suppose it's sensible to start with what should be the foundation stone of any cinematic experience - the script. It's cheesy, cliché-ridden, and poorly-structured. Characterisation (especially of the Autobots/Decepticons) is non-existent. Optimus Prime uttering the words "My bad" must go down in history as one of the worst moments in movie history. Actually scratch that - the "lubricating" scene is definitely worse. The writing of human characters is lazy at best, sticking with stereotypes such as the beautiful code-breaker, fat computer whizz, bumbling government agent etc etc. The performances (Shia aside) are instantly forgettable, but a great deal of that comes down to the script and direction. Megan Fox may be a great actress for all I know, but she may as well be a stripper for the purposes of this movie.The effects are incredible (although not helped by Bay's erratic editing style), but when you've no reason to care about them it results in an empty experience. Effects DON'T MAKE A MOVIE.With Spielberg as part of this project I allowed myself a little optimism, but it's patently clear that Bay and Co. had no understanding or respect for the Transformers franchise. GIANT "FLIPPING" ROBOTS BLOWING "STUFF" UP this may be, but it is most certainly not Transformers.This was one crappy movie and a pain to watch. Just hearing Optimus Prime utter "Oops my bad", made me want to bolt for the door. Anyway, here is just a brief summary of all the good and bad this movie has to offer.The Good:The transformations- I'm surprised at how well they made the transformations work. Optimus Prime, Bumblebee and Megatron don't look half as bad as I thought they would. It's nice to see the parts warp and change instead of watching these big blocky characters that were in the cartoon.The Bad:On my, where do I start...The jokes were awful. For some reason they decided to make this movie as a crossover between American Pie and Transformers. Bumblee "lubricating" the man and Sam masturbating, just wasn't funny. The only people who were laughing in the audience were little kids.The humans stole the show. I thought Transformers was supposed to be about the Transformers themselves, who each had unique personalities with a little human action thrown in the background. Instead the tables are reversed, where we are FORCED to spend lengthy amounts of time with characters the audience truly doesn't give a rat's ass about. Who cares about Sam Whitwickey? Or that smart programming chick? Or that fat donut eater? Who honestly gives? This is a Transformers movie folks, not a love story with some dumb robots thrown in for kicks. Oh and Sam himself, was super, duper irritating and annoying.The choreography was terrible. Some fight scenes were cool enough but the shaky camera movements and extreme closeups made it difficult to tell what was going on. The fight between Megatron and Optimus proved to be extremely disappointing, as we are only given a few shots of Optimus punching and tripping Megatron, while the army tries to destroy Blackout. -They completely destroyed the Transformers back story. Those even remotely interested in the Transformers will know that they came from Cybertron and that their ship crashed on Earth only to be revived centuries later. But here Cybertron is destroyed to pieces with no chance of it ever being revived. Well, I guess the Transformers are screwed folks ... but they already were when Michael Bay decided to direct.In short, if you were expecting to see a movie about the Transformers, you were sadly mistaken. Be prepared to spend hours focusing on Sam and his loser girlfriend instead. Also, why the hell did it take an hour and a half for Optimus Prime to show up in the first place- that to me, is a disgrace.Tripe. Filth. Mud. Worthless. Blunt. Stupid. These are six words that aptly describe the idea behind Michael Bay's latest smash-fest "TRANSFORMERS." As one of those "poor saps" (as I was called while waiting in the theater) who had never seen the TV show as a child, I went into the movie expecting nothing, especially considering that Michael Bay is one of the least artistic, most pandering directors of the present. But once the movie started, it was all right. Shia LeBeouf was charming, as was the quirky teen-humor that pervaded the first 45 minutes. In fact, the Transformers were pretty bad-ass....Until minute 46, when they began to talk. Not only was their behavior evocative of stoners and idiots, they lumbered around his backyard, and, later in the movie, peed on a federal agent. There was even one transformer (I forget the name, and I am all the better for it) that talked like he was from the "projects." The plotting was puerile and idiotic. There was even a subplot where Shia LeBeouf's love interest was discovered to have a criminal record, but that subplot was handily absolved five minutes later when Shia LeBeouf cuts a deal with the government. SO STUPID AND POINTLESS! Not to mention, the movie abounded with Michael Bay's never-ending car chases and slow-motion hoohah. Very very bad scripting like "I'm not leaving without Bumblebee!" and the leader of the good Transformers saying "Oops, my bad" made for a horrible experience.The bulk of the movie was terrible. The acting, aside from noticeably realistic screams from Shia and others, was stilted and just perfect for the sort of film that doesn't even hide that it relies wholly on special-effects and the toy franchise itself, the kind of things that Michael Bay loves to beat over movie-goers' heads like a blunt object.I saw the advance screening a few days ago and in a nutshell, two whole years of anticipation were stripped away by a flash of severe disappointment within the first 45 mins of this film. I'm a hard-core G1 fan and can't tell you how blasphemous this film is to those of us who who followed the original series from Cybertronian history to character profiles and traits.The script itself is utter garbage and reminiscent of a Disney film with ultra-lame jokes and childish references. The mere reference to teenage masturbation in one scene is just completely uncalled for and unnecessary in this film. Too much focus was placed on the human characters than the Transformers themselves who are the stars of the show. It's sad that the original film in '86 was a lot darker than this slop that Dreamworks has tastelessly thrown together and expected us to swallow. There's absolutely no character development regarding either clan of robots. The only thing keeping my attention was Peter Cullen's voice as 'Prime...that's the ONLY justice Dreamworks has afforded this film. I understand they needed new body styles to fit today's society...not a problem...but they should still have the same basic look in robot mode and the same voices!! Starscream was everyone's favourite Decepticon...he looked awesome and his trademark voice made the character. He's now absolutely hideous, completely beyond recognition and his voice is just as low and bland as the rest of the characters.Way too much comedy in this film...Transformers don't tip-toe around people's front lawns in the middle of the night trying not to be seen by human parents...that's lame. Transformers is an epic, intergalactic war over ENERGON, not this "allspark" that Dreamworks fabricated. It's a dark battle, like Lord of the Rings but with Cybertronians! My last argument has to be the score/soundtrack. Talk about minimalist...Steve Jablonsky did NOTHING for this film. Was Danny Elfman not available?! All my fellow fans out there need to know that the Transformers theme song does NOT even appear in the film, ANYWHERE by ANY means. Not even a melodic reference to it in the orchestral score which I find completely absurd. The band Mute Math did the theme for the soundtrack allegedly though it never actually plays in the film, not even over the end credits!! From start to finish this was absolute mockery of all traits that made the original series and film so great...it's nothing now. I'm forced to pretend this new film doesn't even exist because it's defiled the Transformer name so bad...a complete injustice to my expectations as a true fan. If they have the nerve to make sequels to this slop I refuse to watch.Seriously, why do we still see Michael Bay movies? We, as a people, need to unite against him. And how in God's name is this movie in the top 250 right now? This movie is lucky that I just saw Spiderman 3, otherwise this would be the worst movie of all time. Michael Bay just does the same thing in every movie: way too many helicopters, pilots running to their planes, and the flare overhead to alert the planes (why didn't he just use stock footage of Nicholas Cage from The Rock?)And John Turturro, why? You are a great actor, why reduce yourself to this trash? Please tell me you got paid over 10 million for this. Words cannot describe how bad the script of this movie is. I was dying laughing at Optimus Prime's emotional "Were we so different" speech. And the scene at Sam's house that goes on for about 16 hours with the American Pie rip-off? The Transformers are treated like little kids in that scene who say things like "My bad" and "Oops". Are you kidding me? These are The Transformers, not the Ninja Turtles. The thing I don't get is how people liked this movie. Shia wasn't bad and the girl was hot (while doing her best Jennifer Connelly in Blood Diamond impression), but the rest of the characters were miserable. Am I the only one who thinks that Anthony Anderson's line in Entourage ("You need any color in that movie?") is really the only way he gets any acting jobs? Needless to say, I hated this movie and simply laughed at it with my friends the whole time. But I contributed to Michael Bay making more movies, and for that I am sorryWhat a huge let down! I'm a transformer fan that was hoping to see a cool SCI-FI about the Transformers, but instead I got a dumb slap stick comedy that makes fun of them. This movie has a randomly generated plot that only matches the worst type of teen comedy. I can't even say it was better then Epic Movie. There was even an American Pie rip off moment where the main human characters parents think he locked the door to masturbate. They even go to the levels as to have a transformer pee on someone. Thinking about this movie gives me a headache and based on the ratings and reviews so far I am extremely concerned about where society is going as whole. You will only like this movie if you are a young teen that does not know any better or you are a babbling(typically obnoxious in theaters)idiot. The only positive thing I can say is that the transformers where done in very good detail, which seems to only make me starve for the movie I had hoped to see.Very very very very sad.I loved the cartoon series as a kid and, after seeing the commercials, thought it would be freaking awesome. Instead, I wound up stuck in a movie with a ridiculous plot, too many irrelevant characters, and too much sex humor for a movie that is supposed to be about giant robots wailing on each other (I am in my twenties and male, so I can hardly be considered a prude. The fact that even I cringed at the mother making masturbation jokes means that there is such a thing as a limit for that sort of humor). Most of the Transformers do not even show up until the movie is halfway over. The subplot of the signal detection team (who did nothing except point out that some alien being had hacked the network-a no-brainer) could be cut without losing anything of note (except for the funny scene where Anthony Anderson's on-screen cousin gets tackled by the FBI agent into the pool). And what's with Bumblebee pissing on the FBI Agent, and Mikaela making him take his clothes off? The action scenes are stellar, but not enough to make up for all of the other mistakes in the movie. If you copy and pasted scenes from Independence Day, Matrix Revolutions, a bunch of US air force commercials and Bad Santa all together on your computer, you would wind up with basically the same mess.