When I saw the movie for the first time, my reaction at the end was the same as the whole audiences. WTF??? I was mainly disappointed and felt like I was wasting time and money. The movie left scars behind and I couldn't stay alone at home being that scarred for many days - which was kind of a good sign as I hardly get scarred watching horror movies nowadays (I am nearly 47 and grew up with all horror classics... I've "seen them all...").
As said, I was super angry having watched this movie. Yesterday, I went to the cinema with my 20 year old son as he wanted to see the movie with me. As loving father I agreed. This time I figured out what is truly going on in the movie! Caution - Spoiler !!:
The dear grandmom was a satanist. I knew that from the first time. Joanne, her "girlfriend" as well. I also got that one. But what was the electric impulse which you could see? This i figured out the second time. It was Paimon, the demon haunting the son of Annie. But Paimon needed the son to be dead first to be able to enter his body for good - which happenes just at the end of the movie when Peter jumpes out of the window. You can see Peter lying on the ground in front of the house when the electric impulse comes and enters Peters body. That was Paimon. Now Paimon has entered Peters body finally. The summoning was successful. And finally - Peter (now Paimon) makes that strange sound with his tongue, just like Charlie did before. Why? Charlie was the host of Paimon before. But her body was not healthy and it was a girls body, not the body of a man, which Paimon needed. Thats why Charlies grandmother wanted to her to be a boy instead of being a girl.
Makes sense now? 
And btw: Paimon is a real figure as well as the sign used in this film. It is one of the 72 demons from the Grimoire - some magic book also used by people like Aleister Crowley. 
Knowing that, the film has now become a real masterpiece. The tension increases constantly till the showdown at the end, when the movie suddenly becomes one of the most fearing horror movies I have ever seen. 
Well done A24 and Ari Aster! Great acting from the cast as well!This has to be one of the best horror movies ever! Toni Collette gives a performance of a lifetime and I think possibly the best of her career. Just when you think you know what's going on, the movie flips. It's so amazingly written and such a thrill ride. Not for the faint of heart!! I've watched this so many times but still get the same chill every single time. Definitely would recommend to horror fans! Review: 10/10And I mean this in the best way possible. The spectrum of emotions you go through range from sheer terror to complete hopelessness and sorrow. The movie picks at the human psyche in all the right ways. It's both hard to watch and impossible to look away. Hands down the best horror films I've ever seen, perhaps one of the best films in general.I really didn't know what to expect going in to see this film. I had seen the trailer and all of the good press for it, I adore Toni Collete, and I generally enjoy horror films. I left the theater with a pit in my stomach and came back the next day to see it again; this is a film that rewards multiple viewings.The film began rather predictably, in my opinion. However, the truly unexpected and disorienting end of the first act grabbed my attention and never let up from there. This film digs its hooks in deep and slowly drags you down into a pit of despair. There is a gleam of light at the end of the tunnel, but it isn't what you think. This is the first film in a while to keep me on my toes throughout its runtime, even if its plot isn't groundbreaking. The amazing performances, sublime cinematography, and outrageously outstanding sound design makes this film a real treat for anyone with a special affection for the medium.I've seen many compare this to The Exorcist and Rosemary's Baby, and I agree mostly with those comparisons. However, I also see this film as a distant relation to the original 1976 Carrie. Both films put family drama at the forefront and milk every ounce of dread from the truly hideous realities of familial cohabitation for what it's worth. What makes these films so stirring isn't jump scares, special FX, or "payoffs" to every tense scene they present; it is instead forefronting the all-to-real human tension and making the audience sit with it as uncomfortably as possible. The scenes that stick with me from Carrie aren't just her supernatural revenge at the prom, but the abuse from her mother and the gut-punching shower scene that opens the film. It's those moments of having to experience the very real ugliness of humanity that stir me and stay on my skin for days after seeing a film.My opinion is that this film is a masterpiece and will certainly be joining my list of all-time favorite horror films. However, it is definitely not for everyone. This is a film that's made to stand out to already-avid film fans with an appreciation for the format; those with short-attention spans and/or those accustomed to the mile-a-minute breakneck pace of most horror films won't enjoy this. I also think (and I'm going out on a limb here) that this is a film most readily accessible to those who have already experienced a major physical or existential loss or crisis in their life or are intimate with the feeling of being manipulated. There a lot of reports of people "giggling" during the film; I think some of this can be chalked up to the sheer discomfort this film causes, but I also think it may in some cases come from not being able to grasp the logic and affective phenomenon of grief that this film so accurately and exquisitely captures. This film is a meditation on themes of grief, family, manipulation, and ultimately a lack of control. This isn't a film like The Conjuring (which is also one of my favorites) that gives you more than enough "cues" to be scared during certain parts of the film; instead, this film relies on your attention to detail and your willingness to be devoured by its sinister textures.I don't even know where to begin with this one. When I heard that it was being made by some of the same people who worked on The Witch (which some people didn't like, but I liked it), I had high hope for this film, and boy was I not disappointed. Such a breath of fresh air for the genre in a time where Hollywood has prostituted it and released nothing but garbage. Not only was the film scary as hell, but it also had a lot to say about grief and trauma. The way the film is put together is its strongest part. The pacing, the editing, the cinematography, and the sound design all worked together to create a truly unique and hellish vision of horror. I'm a horror veteran, and rarely actually jump or feel tense, but this film made me feel like a horror virgin again, actually frightening me like no other Hollywood film can.The acting was also superb all around and only adds to the horror being presented on screen. Each character was unique and added their own style to this modern horror masterpiece. I saw many people in the theater jumping and looking away, some being grown men. A couple people even left, and I can't imagine its because they felt it was a bad film, because it was not. I am seriously considering going and seeing it again which hasn't happened since the Evil Dead remake and The Raid. I would say this film is a must see for any horror fan or for anyone wanting to be scared out of their minds.It's really a shame that people who are too lazy and desensitized to appreciate this film gave it negative reviews. The fact that anyone would rate this movie any less than a 9/10 is despicable to me. This film was an absolute masterclass in it's genre. From the opening scene you will feel a tremendous level of discomfort and apprehension that only intensifies as the movie goes on. The performances by all those involved are excellent. No jump scares, no unbelievable characters, no exaggeration of blood and guts. This film is exactly what horror should be: terrifying. A movie that will sit with you well after you leave the theater.My favourite movie of 2018 was a very disturbing one that was filled with sharp turns and twists filled with horrifying scenes incredible acting pagan cults and really great directing there's not that much I can say about this movie just don't go into it with a full stomach this is not your average horror movie I don't need to say that you should watch it you might regret it it's very unsettlingThis movie is not a traditional horror movie. In fact, I would even go so far as to say it is not even a horror movie at all, just a heavy drama movie with terrifying elements to it. This movie did absolutely everything right, from the extremely realistic dialogue, to the astoundingly realistic visuals, to the cinematography, and more. Everything about this movie just worked, there was absolutely no scene or shot that felt unneeded or unnecessary. The movie looked gorgeous, and then, fitting for the mood of the movie, it seemed to darken the colors and the tone of the shots and cinematography overall. The acting in this movie was complete perfection, down to even the most minor of characters. Toni Collette gives by far the best performance I have seen by an actress this year and I can easily say that she deserves to be acknowledged in the upcoming Oscars. Even Alex Wolff, whom I did not think would do a great job within the movie, did an outstanding job. The thing that drives this movie forward is the pure tension that is felt not only within the characters and between them, but with the audience as well. This movie is horror at its finest, pure tension, no reliance on jumpscares. There was a particular scene that just blew me away with how well it was shot, it involved a character being in their bed and then looking around their room thinking to have heard something, and all the while, there is a mysterious figure lurking in the darkness. And rather than use this figure to provide a chance for a cheap jumpscare, the director just lets the audience soak in the image of that entity in the room with the character, and no jumpscare happens. This is the definition of a pure horror movie that relies on tension and nothing else. This is definitely one of the best movies I have seen all year, and the second best horror movie I have ever seen, right behind 2015's The Witch. This movie blew me away, and if you are a fan of horror movies, drama movies, or both, go see this movie. It is utterly and completely amazing.I am a horror fanatic and I have not seen a movie that has impressed me this much since the first time I saw The Shining. The director reminds me of a mixture of Lars Von Trier's encrypted mind and Wes Anderson's pleasing imagery. The narrative itself keeps the viewer guessing the genre which only adds to the suspense in having no idea where the movie could go. So wonderfully thought out, so incredibly visually pleasing. A must see for anyone who's a fan of horror, gore, drama, suspense, etc. I am in love with this movie.I've spent my whole life watching horror movies yet there were parts of this movie that left me in utter shock
and horror, left me gasping and hoping they wouldn't go where they did. I can't praise this movie enough.. brutal, crafty, original, eerie, compelling.. just brilliant and utterly disturbing and terrifying. I can't say enough good things.