In a few words: smart, entertaining, novel and intense thriller movie. Beautiful cinematography and excellent acting from the kids and Emily Blunt. Nice one for John Krasinksi for first time directing.
The hype was right, this is a thrilling film.
10/10 for the fun.I am Deaf. I realllllly enjoy it!! So it good for people who know sign Langurge and deaf. For deaf people have to watch that movie!!! So action and drama!!!1) The actress who is deaf in the movie is deaf in real life
2) The aliens are BLIND 
3) The father couldn't shoot the aliens because he was DEAD when they figured out they could shoot them because their armour peeled back only when they got close to the sound from the hearing aid. 
4) For all the people bashing the movie because they didn't live next to the waterfall. How would they get all the materials to live and build there? Walk it in? Can't make noise getting there. Ok 
5) This is an interesting, intense movie that is science fiction people. These one star reviews from people are so irritating because it's like they wanted a documentary. I suggest all the people saying they are to smart and couldn't like it because of the things mentioned in the reviews need to stick to the discovery and history channel.Yes, I am biased for rating A Quiet Place with ten stars because I was born Deaf. However, I've had seen several Deaf-related movies and never gave them more than a star out of ten. What am I telling you is therefore as a Deaf person wasn't the only factor of my determination to settle this film with the rate of 10 stars.This film reminds me of my favorite post-apocalyptic book-"The Road," by Cormac McCarthy-and was made a movie based adaptation directed by John Hillcoat in 2009. It's a famous known story of the desperation regarding love, hope, and be appreciative of what you have, like one particular scene where the boy handed with a can of coke and the cheerful look of his father to precious that moment. Such a rare, powerful feeling that touched my heart and soul that still gave me goosebumps at this moment. That inspirational feeling finally triggered me in another way while I watched The Quiet Place. Every second of love between within a family valued is like finding a treasure with ten thousands of gold. It represented love as the most reliable kind of a drug you can get, and that's what enabled you to your survival at the highest point. (For those who mock me, by the way, John Wooden, the best coach in the history of any sports, who coached for UCLA basketball from 1964 to 1975. Not only he succeeded ten national titles in twelve years, but he also created Pyramid of Success, a display of a foundation to reach your success at peak. Even the validity and reliability of the Pyramid of Success are highly respected; John Wooden admitted his regret for not putting "love" anywhere in the pyramid. He stated that "love" is the most meaningful part of life and unfortunately, it's often overlooked. I used his statement here to justify the fact of love as an essential cornerstone of living, and the movies like The Quiet Place are great reminders.)Another thing, I love Millicent Simmonds. Herself as a person and her skills are marvelous. She already carried on through the barriers and brought the Deaf culture into Hollywood. She made sure that everyone in the film used American Sign Language (ASL) in the right way and treated it as a language. It's unimaginable for someone at 15 years old to do that. Her performance also reflected how Deaf children react when they're constantly pressured to wear hearing aids. Many of us hate wearing hearing aids and are tired of hearing people telling us how important to hear. In fact, Deaf children are already comfortable with themselves and now, hearing people who have no idea what's like being Deaf telling them what to do. You'll be surprised at how many of Deaf children wearing hearing aids for the stake of wanting to please hearing people, especially their parents. I love where her father refused to let her visit the basement because he knew that she wouldn't appreciate that her father devoted his work on reconstructing hearing aids. Another scene I love is where her father told her "I LOVE YOU" before he got killed. As I said, she tried to please her father for years. She still felt that the connection between both was somewhat missing. She gave up when she realized that it wasn't for her to reach her father for his approval. He had to show love for who's she as person. Look at how much she gained her confidence to step in to protect her family after she acknowledged fully the fact that her dad loves her. See the parallels between the film and the reality of life being a Deaf child. Funny and ironic circumstance: Alexander Graham Bell tried to develop hearing aids for his mother and his wife who were profoundly Deaf in the 1870s, but it turned out to be an inventor of the phone and founded AT&T in 1885. He saved everyone's life because without a telephone is unimagine for one to live nowadays. Whereas Millicent's father tried to reconstructing hearing aids, but it turned out to be an inventor of a weapon to kill aliens and save everyone's life. I want to thank the audience for your support even though you may don't realize. With the high rate and profits, that would encourage filmmakers to include Deaf people in their next films. It opens the gate for the Deaf people and to spread the awareness.'A Quiet Place' very quickly became one of my most anticipated films of the year. Have liked Emily Blunt a lot in other things, have a lot of appreciation for the genre and absolutely adored the concept. One of the year's best concepts and one of the most brilliant and unique for any film. Seeing it, 'A Quiet Place' turned out to be one of my favourites of the year too, its positive critical reception more than deserved. Can understand though if it doesn't work for others, it is not a film that everybody will enjoy with its deliberate pace, very sparse use of music and dialogue and heavy reliance on atmosphere. Have seen many films recently that have wasted good potential and ideas or not quite fulfilling them. So it was refreshing and a blessing to have such a brilliant and unique concept executed in a way that was equally brilliant and as a film unlike any other seen by me. Was far too transfixed by the atmosphere and mood to criticise 'A Quiet Place' for lack of logic, plot holes (have never criticised a film for plot holes, find it a lazy and unfair criticism especially when it's the only thing mentioned in reviews that list them and say nothing about the film's overall quality) or not making complete sense. When a film doesn't transfix or engage me it is less forgivable, but 'A Quiet Place' was utterly transfixing from start to finish from personal view. It's a beautifully made film with a lot of style and atmosphere. Not everybody will like that the use of dialogue and music is sparse. That wasn't a problem for me, in fact it was appreciated and it worked really well. Actually think it was the right thing to do. Without constant music, the concept and atmosphere came through stronger, if the music was intrusive, obvious or repetitive they would not have worked anywhere near as well. Without constant dialogue, it let the actors' expressions and body language do all the talking, have seen horror/sci-fi films, and films in general actually, recently that have suffered from too much talk and exposition that it bogs the pace down and it's even more of a problem when the dialogue isn't good or interesting. Appreciated hugely that 'A Quiet Place' didn't go down that route.Luckily the acting benefits from having little dialogue, here it's a masterclass of expressions speaking louder than words. Emily Blunt is simply sensational in a very moving and expressive performance that is among her best. Millicent Simmonds and Noah Jupe also impress in beyond their years performances that one doesn't actually expect from actors so young. So does John Krasinki in a performance just as expressive, in a subtle way, and charismatic. In the director's chair, he shows a lot of confidence and great talent for mood and storytelling. Especially good about 'A Quiet Place' is the atmosphere, which smoulders from every frame and shapes every part of the story. The pace is a deliberate slow-burn but for me it was never dull. Parts of 'A Quiet Place' are heartfelt, others are quirky. But above all it's genuinely scary and unnerving, enhanced by tremendous use of sound design that generates unbearable tension. The monsters are incredibly nightmarish, actually takes a lot for me to feel unsettled after watching a film since getting older, 'A Quiet Place' did that for me.Overall, a superb film and one of my favourites of the year so far. 10/10 Bethany CoxDo not listen to cynical reviews it is from people who are so egotistical that they can't watch a movie and just live in the fantasy and story that your watching. Shade aside this film was absolutely fantastic my girlfriend loves horror films and 9 out 10 times I refuse to watch it because it looks so terrible or I do watch it and it is indeed terrible but on the odd occasion I'll see a trailer for something that looks like it could be a pretty cool story line, this was so much more than that! Way better than I had expected. It had me on the edge of my seat the whole time with my jaw hanging from the suspense.Reminded me of 'hush' from Netflix but it has si-fi monsters which usually puts me off but it's not super wacky so you can kind of go along with it. Deserves 10/10 because the actors were great it was cool to watch and a bit different with the lack of dialogue made the room feel empty and so easy to imerse in there suspense, I left the cinema feeling totally satisfied. If your into thrillers I would definitely recommend!Horror has been flourishing in the past few years with a number of releases proving you can actually scare an audience if you put the time and effort into the craft of a film. John Krasinski, most famous for playing the role of Jim Halpert in The Office, brings us a new horror in the form of A Quiet Place, and the result is one of the most intense cinematic experiences you could wish for.Evelyn and Lee Abbott (played by real life couple Emily Blunt and John Krasinski) live with their two children, Regan (Millicent Simmonds) and Marcus (Noah Jupe), on a farm. They live every day in silence to survive the threat of creatures that hunt by sound.The simplicity of the concept makes A Quiet Place such a fascinating prospect but it's the execution that excels it to soaring heights. Krasinski has crafted a horror film that grabs you in a vice-like grip from the very first shot, not letting go until the end credits start to roll, honing in perfectly on the use of sound and silence for some of the most intense sequences in recent memory.The fear factor in A Quiet Place comes from the tension and suspense Krasinski develops throughout, a true standout sequence being when a heavily pregnant Evelyn finds herself evading a creature as she goes into labour. It's moments like this one that had me gripping the arms of my seat and holding my breath numerous times throughout. Coming to the performances, A Quiet Place possesses the rarest of the rare in horror films with a cast who all deliver great performances. Parents should always be protective of their children but the situation they find themselves in here adds another layer to that and Blunt and Krasinski excel in showing the desperation they face to keep their children safe. Child actors always make me feel a little cautious going into a film however, both are very good here, Simmonds in particular. As a deaf actress, Simmonds adds an authenticity to proceedings and her performance is one not to be overlooked.There were a few scenes I wish Krasinski had elaborated on more but those are just a few minor issues I had that can take a back seat to the ingenuity shown in the crafting of a horror film that has the makings of a classic. It's worth noting that the entire audience was in total silence throughout, a sign that this film is well and truly having the desired effect.Yes, a notepad, so they can write down all of the plot holes and things to get on this website and chew up a movie....(sigh and shake my head)....gees, this world is becoming such a depressing place when folks don't even know how to watch a movie and be entertained anymore. 
My family and I watched this movie last night. It was scary and the tension was unbearable. We had chocolate chip cookies and sit in the dark and watched and enjoyed the suspense and was entertained..yes, it was entertaining! 
It was not the best I've ever seen. It had some things that even me and my family wondered outloud...'Hey, why did they..??' 
But gees people, quit taking freakun notes and watch the dadgum movie and be entertained. If you are so caught up in plot holes and unrealistic elements, you will never be entertained by a movie until someone manages to come up with a movie on the same level as Aliens or Shawshank Redemption or Lord of the Rings or A Few Good Men, etc. etc. 
So, forget all of the poor ol negative people in the world that doesn't have a clue about how to stop being a stinkin critic and watch a movie and be entertained and enjoy this movie for what it is. And what it is...is a real scary movie with tension and suspense that will have you tied in knots! Emily Blunt is one of the best actresses of our time and she is stellar. The rest of the cast, there are only 6 or 7 folks in the entire movie, do a good job. Special effects are great and it's a very original idea. So, thumbs up!IMDBs "Factual Error" that States you can't die by falling into a silo full of seed corn is wrong. Around a dozen people a year die this way. Numerous newspapers list accounts of this every year. I'm from the Midwest & yes, it's a very real danger.First off, this movie was interesting and kept both my girlfriend and I on the edge of our seats.Basically, there are blind Aliens that Hunt with their super hearing, and a family is trying to survive. That's the plot, and it works.I see a lot of people looking too far into things with their IMDB review. In a movie with alien creatures, everyone's getting hung up on where/how the family generate the electricity? Really??Of course this movie, like all movies, has plot holes, or things that seem illogical, but I suppose that's why it's a movie aye. Overall this is a solid movie, and Krasinski did a good job for his directorial debut. Would I buy this on BluRay? Yes.