Brilliant Horror film ! while I was watching the film at a packed movie theater, I was thinking Chucky has finally met his match in Annabelle. not that Annabelle the movie is anything like the Child's play films, it is very different and perhaps the only common factor they share is the presence of a doll.the movie was executed professionally, everything was top notch, from direction to Cinematography, and from acting to plot and dialog, everything was in place. I also loved the 70s vibe, and the lead actress Annabelle Wallis playing Mia was also excellent.the movie had its shares of scares, jump out of your seat surprises but nothing over the top, it might not be as scary as people might be expecting and hence some of the negative reviews here from other users. However, I thought the movie was well balanced and relied mainly on story and character rather than being overtly scary, which was perfect in my opinion and it what made it so good and successful in my eyes.I highly recommend this, a good Horror film to start October with and prepare for Halloween. go watch itVery very scary . The 2 nd scariest movie of all time right behind the exorcist . I don't get scared easily , I had seen hundreds of horror movies but this one really scared me , the basement elevator scene is the scariest movie scene of all time ( I'm still shaken up by it ) If you want to get scared than go see this movie . Don't listen to people who haven't even seen this movie . Its genuinely scary and I can handle a lot . its about a doll that is possessed and wants to take the main characters child ( her "soul ") , it has some very intense scare scenes , I would say the best scare scenes ever filmed but the doll itself isn't scary at all .I loved this movie! I dragged my best friend with me (who is terrified by scary movies) and I jumped more than she did--but thats probably because she kept her head hidden most of the movie. Annabelle is the perfect creepy doll. She doesn't even say anything, yet she's still creepy as hell! It was a slow moving scary movie -- which makes this movie all the more scary. I don't like movies where they throw blood and gore in your face; thats too predictable. This movie had all the pieces of the puzzle to connect both movies (The Conjuring and Annabelle) together. I thought the part where the mother saw a little girl in the nursery, and just as the door was closing the girl came running and flipped to a crazy girl in a bloody nightgownIf you liked Insidious, than this is a must watch. As opposed to a movie focusing on the doll Annabelle like Child's Play does with Chucky, this movie steers to the evil behind the doll. Good Decision. Props to the director for this. What really impressed me was how I could say this movie belongs up in the category of Insidious for the many creepy scenes. There were some laughs, and some jump stomach aching inducing scenes. I don't know who the director of this movie is, but when I do I will keep my eyes open to See what else he contributes. 2014 was a good year for horror movies. First "Tusk", and now "Annabelle".A demonic soul is present in the doll but without movement it is just used to create hallucinations to its owner.
The story of an evil doll who wants to kill its owners by bringing them bad luck and curse.No jump in the movie this film lacks a touch of fear and anguish.This movie is probably the scariest horror movie that I have ever seen!I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. It provided ample amount of scares causing me to jump out of my skin several times which is very hard for a horror film to bring out of me. The fact that I had watched a documentary about the real doll before watching the movie helped make it that much scarier. If you didn't like this movie it's probably because it scared you a little too much. If you found it slow perhaps you have a form of ADHD (no offense intended). I also loved the fact that they stepped away from the normal format of most movies about demons keeping them invisible and for short brief moments letting us see the terrifying creature.I'm shocked this movie has received such low ratings. I've seen a LOT of horror films (as one can assume from my user name), so I'm more critical than most of horror films but this one was honestly very well done. The actors did a fantastic job, the baby was adorable, and that elevator scene and the stair scene following it were absolutely phenomenal! I don't jump, scare, or become startled easily at movies whether in a theater or at home but this one managed to freak me out and make me jump a few times. The elevator scene just kept me on edge waiting for the demon to reappear and grab her or drag her or something! Then when she was running up the stairs and stopped to look back and all you can see is this vague dark outline and your thought process goes "Wait is that the demon...? I think it is. Oh god, it is!". Truly classic horror movie techniques. I get so tired of slasher films that only want sex, rape, nudity and blood. I'm sorry, but a man running around just cutting off naked girls limbs isn't really terrifying. Also the part with the priest running into the church with the doll, I expected the girl to be standing in the church all like "Haha holy ground my ass!" and then slaughter him, but instead he went flying back towards the street where she stood which caught me off guard and made me jump a little.The only part I'm still a little unsure of whether it was beneficial or negative is when Mia (the mother) is in their dining room and the doll is sitting on the ground then floats up and you see the demon/creature thing standing behind holding it and it shows its face... It's definitely a decently creepy demon, I just sometimes prefer only a somewhat reveal of it like when it was on the stairs. I feel like showing its face completely can take away the horror of the unknown.Really, people should give this film a chance. I thought it was even better than conjuring and I thought conjuring was great as well.Anabelle Is A Really Creepy Doll. She Keeps Writing Letters In Red Crayon. They Throw Her Away Only For Anabelle To Come Back. The Girl Kills Her Parents And The Slits Her Throat And Her Blood Goes In The Anabelle Doll. And Then She Starts Messing With This Family. And Then She Wants To Posses The Baby. This Movie Is Creepy. And Then That One Girl Jumps Out The Window And Kills Herself Oh My Gosh. I Love Anabelle It Is Scary.Annabelle is one of the most incredible movies I have ever watched. I went to go watch it in theaters with my friends and my family. The only part that made me scream was when the devilish finger popped out at us. I screamed and flung popcorn every where and throw my feet um on my seat. My brother started to cry so he berried his face in the bucket of popcorn. That was the best night ever. I have never watched a movie with so much going on and all had to do with a doll with rosy pink cheeks. After that I had dreams about having a doll like her and it was amazing but frighting at the same time. After I watched the movie I wanted a doll like Annabelle for the longest time ever. My mother told me I was crazy.