I had the pleasure of seeing an advanced screening of IT in Brisbane. The film is absolutely brilliant. Bill Skarsg책rd has taken Pennywise and made the role his own. Creepy, disturbing, humorous, IT really possess the creep factor, giving audiences a new reason to fear clowns. The entire casting choices were sensational. All actors really held their own, creating a sense of comradery between the characters. Like most people, I do hold the miniseries with Tim Curry close to my heart, but after seeing this adaptation, I was beyond pleasantly surprised. So much so that upon IT being released into cinemas, I'll be back in line to see it again.The brand new #ITMovie scared the heck out of me and I don't throw that around loosely because just when you thought that "Annabelle: Creation" may have set the bar for this year, bam! "IT" comes along and smashes that bar into pieces. Wow! This is one incredible horror film, everybody involved should get a congratulatory pat on the back, definitely a huge upgrade from the '90s miniseries. This is best Stephen king adaptation yet.Directed by Andy Muschietti, based on Stephen King's timeless novel of the same name, IT is set around the mysterious disappearance of children in Derry Maine, when a group of young kids will have to come face their biggest fears and square off against an eternal evil clown named Pennywise who comes around every 27 years to repeat his reign of terror. It's no secret and it's not really a spoiler that New Line and the filmmakers of this new version have planned to re-imagine this story into two installments, with the first focusing on the children and then chapter two will be about their grown up selves once again battling Pennywise. So with this first chapter, I think the timing of its arrival couldn't be more perfect especially with last year's debut of the hugely popular series, "Stranger Things" that brings up '80s childhood nostalgia while presenting mystery at the same time, "IT" offers you that same vein and I think that's OK because we haven't gotten to the point where it's played out so for the time being you're going to love that aspect about "IT." There's definitely a "Stand By Me" vibe to it as well, and the whole thing does feel episodic, at one point while screening it I didn't want it to end, it felt like I was binge-watching, it was so cool. Kudos to all the young actors featured in this film, they really hold their own and each of their characters' distinct personalities stand out. Their backstories and their process of slowly but surely coming together as some sort of a team is both honest and engaging. Now, if you've ever read Stephen King's book, "IT," you'd recall that it is a super duper thick book. You can use it as a stool to stand on for when you need to change that lightbulb. But the point is, I think the screenwriters of this new film did well in condensing the story to just the right amount of time that contains just the right mix of kids camaraderie and the horror fest that is Pennywise. And if you've watched the '90s miniseries, you'd recall how much that version held back plus the low quality practical effects that they had at the time. Well, I'm happy to tell you that this new "IT" doesn't hold back, this is Pennywise unleashed, it's practically proud of being R-rated, which is great because it allows for the scary parts to be really really scary and not second-guessing or pandering. And if you have never liked clowns before, you're going to hate clowns even more because Bill Skarsgard's performance as the new Pennywise will haunt your dreams for the next few weeks after you've watched this movie. What I appreciate about Skarsgard is that he doesn't try too hard to emulate or imitate or channel Tim Curry, Skarsgard does his own take of creepy. And because Pennywise is pretty much invincible to a certain extent, you'll see him pop up in the most unlikeliest of places meaning when you least expect him, that's when he'll scare you to your core so brace yourselves for surprises around every corner. Another reason why the timing of this movie's arrival could not be more perfect is because today's visual effects compliment Pennywise's limitless abilities and so director Andy Muschietti and his crew have the creative freedom to not only realize some of the scare points in the book but they managed to also go beyond that. "IT" goes for massive, it goes for bold, it goes for bloody, not a single boring minute, it goes for the "Goonies" fan in all of us. You will laugh, you will scream, you will have nightmares, hands down one of the best horror movies ever made. -- Rama's Screen --The performance of Bill Skarsg책rd is good along with the kids performance, like Bev, Mike etc. It was super faithful to the novel, more than the 1990 miniseries and they added new scenes. So i'm going to say that i'm super impressed with this adaptation, thumbs up, oh and the makeup was super good, so again, thumbs up for that.Even though this movie didn't scare me,it was the first time I heard people scream in the audience ever. This movie was absolutely brilliant. It looked beautiful, the actors did a splendid job and this adaptation of IT really added something valuable.I do have to say that the first half of the movie didn't quite capture me, but then it just got better and it kept surprising me.This has to the best horror movie I've seen in a very long time. Being completely honest, it wasn't as scary as I expected but it was WAY better than I expected. Script, story and casting was all perfection. This movie really did the book justice. I am super excited for the next one to come out. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who may be even slightly considering going see it.I originally saw It in the theater a couple years ago and have only seen a few times since; still wasn't reviewing back then though plus preparing for the sequel. Anyway though I absolutely love clowns and this is one of my favorite horrors, I even own It in 4K! Pennywise (Bill Skarsg책rd) is done perfectly and the rest of cast is excellent. I wish I was interested in writing years ago maybe someone important could enjoy my opinion that's what I am hoping! Easily quote worthy and incredible soundtrack!Creepy as hell, it managed to even outdo the original, as it focused the entirety of its run time on " It " stalking and terrorising the group of kids in 1989. The cast of unknown child actors handled the fear, and humour in perfect balance, while Pennywise was even creepier than in the original. There were also a few brilliantly subtle music cues, amongst a lot of crescendosI want to see horror films return to having a physical villain ( as last year's Green Room, and Don't Breathe, as well as this film has ) rather than yet another ghost story/ supernatural/ haunting flick, like we've had seemingly never ending examples of in the past several years. Granted, this film has supernatural elements in it, but it simultaneously has an actual villain, a physical entity threatening the protagonists, which is where I hope horror films return to. Its 135-minutes long run time basically flew by quickly.The opening credits call the film, It, while the closing credits call the film, It Chapter One. The Cult, my all time favourite band, are on the soundtrack, also. Fifteen minutes in, we hear about thirty seconds of Love Removal MachineI watched the original but didn't take the notice I should of when watching to compare both movies, but then again I don't need to - this movie is its own perfect thing without being judged with the old TV Movie. It might be a remake (ish) but it is own thing completely, even though it's a remake! So watch this with or without the knowledge of the original. I originally thought they were going to show the young child being taken without any blood, but when watching it I thought it was setting the scene throughout the whole movie and showing the blood like they did was perfect, and kind of shockingly good, and the time they took on the same scene was amazingly longer than the last one. I loved how they showed each character ion their home place and struggles without having each person there to join along, because we needed to see them and how they react and work with their struggles after being through them for a while, and that is without pennywise being involved. Then bringing them all together to find out, 'wait we are going through the same thing'. This happens very shortly into the movie, sooner than I thought but made it fit in perfectly. And they gave them enough time to go through all the hard times as a group to break up and get back together to make it in good time for the end of the movie. And the ending wasn't fast, it had its own phase and took its time to make everything fit in and make sense, which makes sense it did perfectly. They also made it perfectly to put in - chapter 2, which the only thing you will wish for in chapter 2 is they explain where IT came from for this movie franchise and not go the extreme like the book/Stephen King does. As much as this is a remake they make it perfect for the 21 century so I hope they do the same thing with Pennywise's background but make it not too extreme and understandableTo preface this, I have read the book AND I am terrified of clowns. That being said, if you are expecting a shot for shot recreation of the book, you will be let down. However, do not let that deter you from watching what I can only describe as not just a movie, but an experience. I truly believe that Muschietti directed a perfect screen adaptation of the book."IT" revolves around the mystery of the township of Derry, Maine where every 27 years since its founding, fatal accidents occur and people go missing. It is now 1989 and kids are disappearing once again. It is up to one group of kids to face their nightmares and fend off the evil responsible for the tragedies, Pennywise the Dancing Clown. Again, if you have read the book, then you know that these group of kids will face off against Pennywise again in their adulthood. However, the way the filmmakers have gone about creating this is to split the story into two chapters with the first one being what we have now: childhood. For this installment, I cannot see another cast in place for the children that were in this film. You get to see all personalities in this group of misfits and the actors portraying them really made their characters individually stand out in their own unique way. And this was a KEY aspect to the overall flow of this film. Bill Skarsg책rd's representation of Pennywise is also incredibly masterful and is key to the atmosphere this film sets up.For all of you Goonies fans out there, this movie will really have you reminiscing. IT is advertised as a horror film, and it definitely is (trust me, I screamed several times but again, I'm terrified of clowns so your mileage may vary). However, I think many people who come in expecting to get full on scare factor are missing the whole point of this adaptation. Growing up is scary and everyone has fears. Some people, like me, are scared of clowns. Others may have lived through (or currently are living through) traumatizing experiences and those memories haunt them. Whatever your fears may be, at some point or another, you will have to face them - and that is EXACTLY what happens in this film.The way the cinematography is paced is a perfect representation of the whole concept of facing your fears and working through them in the company of support and people you trust. In the first hour of the film, you are pummeled with what feels like a montage of scary scenes. You have no idea what you will be expecting to see, but you know something is coming due to the ominous camera work and the eerie music that kicks in. And every single time, you get worked up and anxious about what is going to happen. Then, as the movie goes on and everyone's fears are peaking, an extremely climactic scare happens just as everyone in the film is most vulnerable. All the characters have just had to face their biggest fears once. They are all getting together to discuss what happened and an absolute nightmare of a scare happens. Now, a decision needs to be made: the kids can run from their fears or face them head on.Without adding too many other spoilers, I will just give my cents on some big lessons this film keeps simmering under the guise of horror. First of all, if you choose to run away from your fears, they will still exist and will keep coming back. Once you start facing them, you can start to empower yourself to continue to fight. Second of all, when you do face your fears, you might not win the first time (or the second, or third, etc.). What is important is that you realize there is an end goal that can be reached if you don't stop fighting. And lastly, it's that sometimes, your fears and demons may require some help - and that is okay! With the true support of those you trust, you can start to gain ground on the problem and work towards a goal....Okay one last spoiler (just because this was the main factor why I thought the movie was more of an experience than a simple film). When you watch IT, keep track of how scared you are at the beginning versus at the end. With other horror films, I have found myself in fear and anxiety almost constantly throughout the entire film. However, with this film, I noticed that as it went on, certain things became less scary as they were happening. Interestingly enough, the children in the film were also in the midst of fighting their fears and were becoming less scared. I'm not sure if this was just a sole experience for me, but regardless, I think this was intentionally done with what is incredible writing, acting, and filming all combined.To conclude, if you loved Stranger Things, The Goonies, or Stand By Me, you will love IT. If you are on the fence about watching this film because you "don't do scary movies", do not let that prevent you from watching IT. The horror is very tolerable (and I am a very timid person). You should go for what is a really well put together plot and expression of it.Man, was Bill good in that role! Go watch it for his presence alone. His acting and make-up got me terrified, during the movie. The effects were cool as well. A very good and scary adaptation of the original film. Yeah, the ending was a bit flat, but don't judge it because of the last 15-20 min. Up until then this movie is a horror gem! 10/10! The thing i didn't expect was, that it actually was a very long movie and every bit of it was scary. That alone contributed to build-up fear into the audience, which i guess was the point. When you have a few chilling or scary moments in a movie, that is cool, but it does not leave a long-lasting impression after you've seen the movie. That movie does the opposite and it succeeds triumphantly! Can't wait for part 2!