This movie makes you realize why so many other movies fail to be scary...not enough psychological elements. What this movie does right is that it skips the gore, and blood, and over-the-top overacting crazed lunatics that seem the norm in horror movies.I saw this with a friend in the theater and 10 minutes in we were sinking into our chairs with fear. Not even the annoying teens making their phones ring to scare their friends (when you see the movie you will understand why) were a powerful enough distraction to undo the terror we felt.Definitely see it, make sure you have as big a TV as you can get your hands on when you rent it, and that you watch it at night in the dark...if you want the full effect. Also, make sure you rent it on DVD and NOT cassette...you know, just to be safe ;)The Ring usually gets a bad rep for being "too slow" and some people even say that "nothing happens" in the movie. Unless you have ADD or something, you have to at least appreciate what Gore Verbinski achieved in 2002. What he did was he basically took the premise of Ringu, a good suspenseful Japanese horror flick and made it more suspenseful and filled with creepy visuals.I am a huge horror fan, and this is one of the movies that unsettles me the most. The suspenseful pace, the incredible, beautiful but haunting visuals make this a unique experience. I love gory films, but this one relies a lot more on psychological horror and imagery to create scares. No jump scares, just good story telling.The movie may not answer all the questions it creates, but the viewer, if he pays attention accordingly, will be able to figure them out for himself. Unsettling to the bone, The Ring is one of my favorite horror films of all time. Truly underrated.Before I saw The Ring, I used to think of horror movies as something about a supernatural (sometimes not supernatural) force that gobbles up people in bizarre series of deaths usually accompanied by blood and gore. Maybe I ought to blame it on my own selection of movies. But I realized that horror movies can have a deep and a decent story line after seeing The Ring.The Ring is an adaptation of the Japanese movie Ringu. Ringu is a well respected horror movie. Rather than call The Ring as an adaptation I would prefer calling it as an improvisation of Ringu. For I have seen both movies and in my personal opinion the producers of The Ring have made the story a bit deeper and of course with the music and special effects scarier.A particular thing worth mentioning is the work done by the child actor David Dorfman (playing the role of Aidan). My personal opinion is that he has done a very good job. And Ehren Kruger, in his script for the movie has given a major role to Aidan as opposed to lesser important role given to Aidan's Japanese counterpart.Full credit to the Ring's makers for a very fine adaptation of the original Ringu. And yes, a small word of advice for those who have not seen the real Daveigh Chase (playing Samara). After seeing this movie, do look up on the net for a picture of hers and make the comparison! And do try and watch Ringu as well. A very respectable movie indeed.A good story, nice scares, decent acting and smooth direction! Enjoy the movie!This movie is great. Im on a bit of a revisit of horror this month... being stuck inside and all. This is one of my favorites.Rachel (Naomi Watts) is a journalist who investigates a mysterious video tape that purportedly kills its viewer 7 days after watching it. The Ring is an American adaptation of the Japanese horror film Ringu. Following the success of this movie, it spawned its own sequel and introduced the Western audience to J-horror adaptations, notably The Grudge. There's intense tension, scares and mood developed in this film that are still palpable every time you watch. In doing so, director Gore Verbinski shapes a timely narrative about communal disconnect, modern alienation and the all-conquering power of technology with this adaptation. Naomi Watts delivers a superb performance as Rachel and I'm so glad it propelled her into mainstream consciousness. Martin Henderson too is equally on form as Noah, her confidant.No matter how many times I've seen it, I enjoy watching this film. The Ring is a classic horror film of the 2000s, if not 'the' classic horror film of the 2000s.THE RING is my favorite horror movie of all time for many reasons. It is a remake of an excellent Japanese horror film named RINGU. I love both films and own both DVDs. Now since there are so many reasons why I love THE RING, I'll organize all the things I love and the very few things I would change about this brilliant and creepy film. But first let me give you a short version of the plot: after the death of her niece, investigative journalist, Rachael Keller finds a strange tape that her niece apparently watched one week before her death. The rumor behind the tape is that if you watch it, you will die seven days later.THE INTRO: The introduction to this film is very smart. At first it seems like a cheesy teenage slasher flick. But that my friends is a trick. After about 3 minuets into the film you realize just how mature and suspenseful of a film this really is.THE CHARACTERS: The characters of THE RING are great. Rachael Keller is the perfect journalist. She's very inquisitive and smart; she certainly does allot in this movie and keeps the plot going. Also Rachael Keller is a great mother; she puts her own life in danger so she may save her son. Noah Clay is sort of a comic relief, he's sarcastic and stubborn but is also very smart. Noah helps Rachael solve the mystery of the cursed tape. Aidan Keller is the son or Rachael Keller, Aidan is quiet and wise beyond his years, he was very close with his cousin before she died a mysterious and horrible death. The character list goes on so I'll skip ahead to the villain. Samara Morgan is the antagonist in this film, and boy what a villain. The secret to Samara's past is a sad and brutal one, which would explain the things she does through out the film.THE STYLE OF HORROR: I love horror films like THE RING. THE RING is very unique in it's style, it is filmed like an Asian horror film; full of flash backs, creepy imagery, nightmares, mysteries, and hallucinations. It's very bizarre and surreal at times, which isn't very out of place since this is a supernatural horror/thriller. If you ask anyone who has scene THE RING "which scene do you remember the most?" they'll probably tell you "the closet scene!". This is referring to the 2 seconds of footage of Katie, dead in the closet. This scene is the biggest jump scene in the film. There are a lot of different types of scares in this film; jump scares, suspense, shocks, chills, and intense terror! WHAT I WOULD CHANGE: There is very little I would actually change about this brilliant horror film. In fact, there is only one scene, the climax. I guess I would like one that's a bit longer. The climax in this film is still satisfying but I definitely wouldn't mind a longer one.THE ATMOSPHERE: Atmosphere is something I highly prize in any film, but especially in horror films. It's industrial in some places and fantasy-like in others but it's always tinted green or blue. It's almost always raining and the settings are all very nice. The settings go from Seattle to the forests of Washington to a fictional island and beyond.In conclusion I would like to once again say that this is my personal favorite horror film of all time. I highly recommend this movie to any one with intelligence and an imagination. THE RING is an amazing horror movie, a cult favorite now and a cult classic in the future, a blockbuster, and so much more. The critics loved it and so will you, trust me.After her niece and three of her niece's friends mysteriously die on the same night, at the same time, but in different circumstances, reporter Rachel Keller (Naomi Watts), hears the rumors of a video that when seen, "curses" the viewer so that they die in 7 days. She investigates the phenomenon with the aid of her ex, Noah Clay (Martin Henderson). They end up seeing the video. Can they figure out a solution in time?For my money, although the Japanese "original" upon which this film is based, Ringu (1998), is worth watching, this Gore Verbinski-directed U.S. version is superior in many ways, having none of the flaws but all of the assets and then some.I'm going to do something unusual and examine the differences between the two films by detailing just a portion of one scene present in both. I think the examination reveals why the U.S. film is superior. The scene is the tail end of the opening, which results in a death. Here's how it goes in Ringu: Tomoko Oishi's (Yuko Takeuchi) television mysteriously turns on to a baseball game as she's looking inside the refrigerator. She looks up, above the door, surprised. We get a reverse shot. We can see the television through frosted glass in the next room. A steadicam follows her from behind, peeking around the corner with her. We cut back to her face, which is relatively expressionless. We go back to a rear shot and see her walk to the remote and shut off the television. She turns around and walks back to the kitchen, pouring herself a drink. We cut to a lower-angled closer shot. We hear a noise. A subtle fear crosses her face. She trembles. Cut to a close shot from over her shoulder. Suddenly, she turns around, frightened. The frame freezes and quickly turns a blue/gray-tinted "negative" color. Here's how it goes in The Ring: Katie Embry (Amber Tamblyn) is in the kitchen, just about to drink, when the television turns on by itself to static. She stops dead in her tracks, her glass just barely touching her lips. Cut to a close up of her slowly turning her head and looking at the television, horrified. Almost achingly slowly, the camera creeps around the corner to show us the television. We see Katie look for any sign of an intruder. She sees the remote on the chair, but no one is around. She hurriedly shuts off the television, then walks away, trying to rationalize the event. Before she can get out of the room, the television turns on again. She stops again and turns even slower. The camera slowly creeps into a medium shot of Katie, with the television and its static reflected in a pane of glass. She runs over and puts her face right next to the television. We see this from a fantastically skewed angle, which distorts the television screen, sticking one end right in our face. We get an insert of Katie yanking the plug. Sparks shoot out. Back to the skewed angle, but now the screen is blank. We circle around slightly. Suddenly there's a noise from the kitchen. Katie gasps and turns around. Slowly, she peeks into the kitchen, just in time to see the refrigerator door open by itself. She runs to shut it, now breathing heavily. She mutters to herself and begins looking around with a very subtle panic on her face. As she quickly turns towards the hallway, the camera rapidly changes focus. We cut to an interesting overhead angle on the stairway. Katie appears, peeking around the corner. She calls for her friend Becca. She trots up the stairs. We cut to a beautiful, extremely low angle of the upstairs hallway, which exaggerates the perspective. As we see Katie reach the top of the stairs, we also see water slowly flowing into the hall from beneath a door. The camera stays at the low angle until Katie reaches the water. We cut to a close up. She's scared and bewildered, then trembling. We get an extreme close up of the door handle as her hand comes gradually into the focal range. She grabs the handle. Another close-up of her face. Cut to the interior of the room--her bedroom. Katie flings open the door, horrified. With a series of extremely fast cuts, we see a snippet of the Ring video on the television set in her bedroom. Cut back to Katie. A super fast zoom to her distorted, horrific face. Then back to the Ring video in a series of quick cuts, before the entire screen goes to static.The point here isn't that the U.S. version is longer. Rather, it's to exemplify the attention to craft, from technical to emotional aspects. Verbinski's pacing is much more deliberate and varied, creating intense suspense. Bojan Bazelli's cinematography is breathtakingly beautiful. There is an obsession with details, from those that integrate and propel the story to those that are artistically striking. The construction is much more complex, but every shot is analyzed for relevance. Every angle exists for a reason. The ornate aesthetics amp up the effect of the story. This approach isn't unique to the opening scene, but occurs throughout the film, including the famed "Ring video" itself. The music is also better here, and is better integrated into the film. The performances are excellent, with Aidan Keller (David Dorfman) just as creepy and disturbing as the antagonist, Samara Morgan (Daveigh Chase). As would be expected for U.S. audiences, Verbinski includes a lot more exposition in his film, working in explanatory material from Ringu 2 as well as new material exploring Samara's history. It works well here, as the story is much tighter. Everything eventually fits together like pieces of a puzzle, and it gives the Ring video and the varied settings of the film more relevance.This is the horror movie with different kinds of idea to horrify you....through video tape... and the video that was kn the tape itself was very creepy and scary....I first saw The Ring in 2006 while house sitting alone one evening. After seeing it in their DVD collection I decided to watch it to overcome boredom.Without really saying anything about the movie, it was a very disturbing experience all the way through, and after it finished I realized I had made a mistake to watch it alone in the dark at night for the first time. It was the most terrifying horror movie I had ever seen, with psychological effects lingering hours and days later. I was unprepared for what this film was about, which is why it affected me very deeply and I needed time to recover. I've watched it a few times since, and while the experience isn't as impacting as the first time, it's still an effective psychological film.This type of horror is definitely not for everyone though, because it's a rare moment of cinematic excellence that can really affect the viewer. With that said though, the filmmaker and crew did an excellent job. I never encountered a film like this before or since, and even compared to the original Japanese film, Ringu, The Ring wins hands down.I had hoped other films would raise or surpass the bar this film set. But in 15 years I've yet to see it. As a result, I believe this film will continue to remain among the best horror films of all time.This is the first movie that truly terrified me, I couldn't even finish it completely when it first came out.The movie is filled with bizarre visuals and amazing effects. Also, it has a beautiful atmospheric tone to the entire thing. A blue-ish hue with rainy/foggy weather. It really sets the tone.What a beautiful movie.