This movie is terrible. What a poor excuse with all of the talent involved. I am so glad that Adam Sandler and his friends had fun making this piece of garbage. Next time include a paying audience in on the joke. It would have been nice if one joke (were there any?) would have worked. Did I mention that not one joke worked? Adam Sandler claims that he co-wrote this mess, but we all know there was never a script. Adam just called up his SNL drinking buddies and said, "Hey, Let's take a vacation and film it for $80 million and charge people for it". Adam Sandler plays just a lazier version of himself. There is nothing he does in his movie that is amusing, but he did manage to crack himself up in nearly every scene. So at least he has that going for him. (I know that Adam's character stepped on the line and that is why he grew up to be a jerk.) I don't think anyone told Chris Rock that they were filming a movie until after it was completed. He looks befuddled in every scene. It is a shame that he is so bad in this trash when he was so good in Death At A Funeral. His acting in this movie is the real kiss of death. Kevin James has never ever been funny and so I expected nothing from him and he delivered a grand slam. Kevin spends almost half the movie inside a KFC box. That is how embarrassed he was. Dennis Dugan did a lazy job of directing(?) this "woodland waste". It's like he just set the camera down and let these 5 men try to act around it. I bet he spent most of his time trying to convince the stars how funny each scene was. He should be Razzy nominated. I will skip to the end of the movie because nothing really ever happened. Out of nowhere comes not even half-baked melodrama with each couple overcoming some stupid problem. Each issue is brought up and resolved within 5 minutes and then never mentioned again! Why bother even brining it up in the first place because no one cares in the slightest. The final basketball showdown is filmed as if the entire crew fell asleep. I've seen more tension in a Dora the Explorer episode. Sandler's final lesion is worthless and really doesn't make much sense when you think about everything that has happened before it. Sandler's family was due for a loss and the evil guy was due for a win. What??? The evil guy was a jerk to everyone in the movie. And besides how do you know he was due for a win you haven't been in town for a long time. You know nothing about his life. How in the world does that insignificant game change that much? No one in the audience is buying that ending Sandler. No one. The women characters in the movie do nothing of note, are interchangeable and look as bored as they audience watching these 5 idiots try and make the lamest stuff funny. I won't mention the women by name to spare them of unfair blame. And last but certainly not least (or very least) is the acting duo (?) of Spade and Schneider. They are so bad that they make the acting in Troll 2 look Oscar worthy. Both should have to give up their SAG cards for this. I want to vomit just thinking of their acting again. They are worse then amateurs. I think both of them must be hiding a dark secret of Sandlers; otherwise why are they here. I have an idea for Adam Sandler's next movie. Please call it "Train Wreck". This way when it is released no one will be surprised when it sucks.I cannot believe the the depth of horrible acting, plot, and humour in this movie considering the comedic talent that was in this movie.It felt like the Adam Sandler said "lets just get together, and make some cash, who cares about a story or our credibility as comedians" WORST MOVIE I've seen in a LONG time.The only bright spot in the movie was the ending where you felt like you could have and end to this travesty and total waste of time. I was so mad at myself for watching this to the end, which by the way seemed to take forever to get to.If you like Adam Sandler movies this one doesn't even compare, it's the worst movie he's ever done.This had so much potential. Lots of big names, and good premise. The first 30 minutes of the film are cringe-worthy. No laughs period. The movie starts by showing all the actors in a basketball game which they won a championship. They are children. Then we see them as grown adults. All the typical stereotypes are present. Adam Sandler plays a rich Hollywood Agent (whatever that is?) who has a wife who barely speaks English and 2 spoiled kids who play video games all day! Are kids like this is real life? This was a horrible movie. Please don't watch or rent it and put money into the actors pockets. They should be embarrassed they made this pile of crap! This gets my vote as the worst movie I have watched in a long long time!Rarely do I have the urge to beat up the people connected with a film, but thats the case with Grown Ups possibly the least entertaining film Adam Sandler and crew have been attached to.The plot has a bunch of guys, connected by a winning basketball team in their childhood all coming together after the death of their coach. Their lives are miserable and their families terrible but lovable, but coming together they find its all been a wonderful life.Or something.Its rich whiny stars playing rich whiny people in a story that is fake as they come. There are no characters their are only situations and punch lines. At no point did I feel any of these people or situations were real. It just felt like I was being put on and sold a bill of goods.I really didn't like this film at all.Usually i am a big fan of Adam Sandler, Chris Rock and most of all Kevin James. I was actually somewhat excited to watch this movie. How ever when i walked out with my friends, i was telling them, it might be one of the worst movies i ever saw. The humor is shallow and it is a pathetic attempt for laughs. Most jokes were so predictable that they lost all sense of humor about them. The directing was appalling. The story was boring. I pray that there is no Grown Ups 2. Another factor that is irritating is Adam Sandler and his pals. after the many funny movies they made it becomes repetitave and you ask yourself why cant there be a different cast for once?This is a harsh review but exactly how I feel a few hours after watching it - unhappy and depressed! I looked at the front cover of the DVD in tesco, it looked fun, was £3 and promised lots with some of the best comedy actors in the business, I was excited to see it, I love Sandler, Buscemi, Rock, James and Schneider...then......Two hours later... I was wondering whether to hang myself or convince myself that times have changed and this is what comedy is now. This film is without a doubt one of the unfunniest funny films ever.There can be no real spoilers for there is no real plot - that's okay though, some films without plot are some of the best ever made - but this is just badly written and it's one of those films where every scene you're watching: you're thinking to yourself "Well, my Nan could have made that scene funnier" (by writing it, not starring in it!) I've turned away from Hollywood before and if this is the new future of comedy then count me and millions of others out.Is this the final nail in the coffin of the career of Adam Sandler? Maybe! But when 'Men in Black 3' is funnier than the latest Sandler film then you know that something has gone terribly wrong. This has actually been £3 wasted and I've never said that about a film before.If you want a film to make you go "huh, that was kinda comical" three or four times in a tedious two hour sitting then this is it, if you want to have a good laugh and feel good about yourself after - head off elsewhere!Saw this turd on HBO. Thank the lord I didn't pay movie-ticket money on this atrocious assault on the collective intellect of the world. Unfunny, unoriginal, and insulting. Characters suck. Plot sucks. Acting sucks. Directing sucks. Cinematography sucks. Lighting sucks. Sound sucks. The first grip sucks. The stand-ins suck. Wardrobe sucks. The catering probably sucked. The writer's moms suck for squeezing the authors of this movie out of their vaginal walls and burdening the world with this hunk of crap immemorial. I would sooner have an aids-infected spider monkey straddle my cranium and fornicate to fruition into my ear canal than watch this monumental disaster again.How is this crap at 5.9? one of the worst movies that I have ever seen.Now before you say that I have no sense of humor, I will say that I'm a big fan of some of Adam Sandler, Kevin James, and Chris Rock. David Spade and Rob Schnider? Not so much. I loved The Waterboy, Hitch, Madagascar, Funny People, Dogma, Good Hair, The King of queens, Spanglish, Punch drunk love, happy gilmore etc.So I do like these actors. That's why I was so disappointed. This films a mess. No plot. No characters. The jokes are dull as hell. The humor is so lowbrow. The script is so flat. The actors do their best with what they're given, but it's not enough.and to make things worse, the film is just boring. From the very beginning, I was checking the time. I maybe chuckled twice. That's not enough. These guys probably had a lot of fun making this movie and they probably thought that they were being really funny, but I just didn't feel the same way. I was bored, irritated, and disappointed.I'm going to keep this short and sweet. I never write reviews on IMDb but I couldn't resist this one. This movie is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Don't waste your time watching this...Cannot believe Adam Sandler did this movie. I almost turned this movie off watching it and I don't usually do that either. I'm not sure how anyone could even think this movie is good at all. If you like this movie you probably have terrible tastes in movies. I was angry that I wasted 5 dollars to rent this on-demand. Also might I add that I think it is dumb that I have to write at least 10 lines of text when I do not need ten lines to say how bad this movie is and save everyone their time and money.To sum up this movie in the least time possible, One would be better off lighting a candle and watching it burn until it's gone. Magnolia Matt paint drying on a wall is far more entertaining than this movie. however they managed to get all these people to finish making it is beyond me. Don't waste your time. Adam sandler and the rest of them seem to be sleepwalking through this movie, We managed 40 minutes of it until we looked at each other wondering why we were wasting a perfectly good evening watching this rubbish. My only advice is to avoid at all costs unless your idea of a good evening is watching paint dry. No plot No comedy. no nothing really.I have watched about 10 minutes of this trash and just know I am never going to get to the end of it. I love Kevin James (as Doug Heffernan), he is a talented comic actor. Even Chris Rock is bearable (when you hear him do voice over for Everybody Hates Chris) . Schneider sucks big time and Sandler is the worst waste of film time that exists right now. I have tried a few of his movies and never understand why I keep being such a glutton for punishment. There is absolutely nothing to recommend this pile of crap. How they got anyone to bankroll such a weak concept and rubbish script is beyond me. I have not managed to even crack a smile yet. I believe Sandler himself was responsible for the writing - it only serves to underline his extreme good luck that no-one seems to have called him on his ineptitude. Kevin James is the best thing in this but that is no compliment.I watched this film at a friends house after a dinner party.From beginning to end I found this movie to be shockingly bad. The film centres on a slob who we have to imagine is successful (Adam Sandler) who lives in Beverly Hills with a family accustomed to city- living. Their child only drinks Voss water. Another slob (Kevin James) has a four year old child who demands to drink only milk that is his mother's breast milk and this same joke is repeated horrifyingly throughout the film. The climax of the film ends in some kind of basketball square-off between two groups of high school friends while the spectators, all back country rednecks wearing US flag shirts, cheer on.The whole movie is like an SNL reunion of mostly has been actors. Steve Buscemi makes a fool out of himself for a laugh.I cannot believe that with all the movie ideas that are shelved that this movie is somehow produced. This is the worst film I have ever seen. I find it disappointing that this film grossed many millions of dollars while other films (many outside of the Hollywood trashcan) which receive little advertising and don't make it to the cinemas are exponentially better.There are VERY few films I can't make it all the way through, in fact almost none. This is one of them. I actually really like many of Adam Sandler's previous films (not so much recently). I think Chris Rock is a hilarious stand up genius. The fat bloke I'm not familiar with (in Britain). David Spade gives me the absolute creeps - the only time I found him watchable was in Joe Dirt. Rob Schneider has done some passable comedy, apparently...I don't think there was any purpose to this film other than getting together a bunch of well known/semi-well known comedians and have them bounce dialogue off each other. It just doesn't work though, in fact it's painfully unfunny. After about the first 20 minutes you realise 'this is it'...How (the declining) Sandler and Rock thought this was a good move (or even a releasable movie) is beyond me.You can expect: Utterly unrealistic characters (and not in a funny way). (pathetic and constant) Fart jokes. (bad) Fat jokes. (bad)'Foreigner' jokes. Horrific 'lovable' banter between middle aged drooling sexist cretins that is supposed to be endearing. No semblance of a plot at all. Even 'Wild Hogs' had the formulaic plot of buddies meeting up after a long absence and managed to amuse quite well...Also, quite a mean spirited and obnoxious film, as has been observed by others.Sandler, you've done some hugely enjoyable comedy films - what happened? Rock - just, why?? Fat bloke - I don't know who you are but you being fat seems to amuse Americans. Rob Schneider - you have done some comedy that other people like. David Spade - you are as creepy as ever and bizarrely supposed to be attractive to women in the film?Do yourself a favour and watch Waterboy, Anger Management, Happy Madison or a Chris Rock stand up show for laughs. I'd hate for anyone to waste money and time on this stinking t#rd.I think the worst thing had to be the sentimental scenes from childhood, lambasted with child humour. Completely unfunny jokes, the fact that they used other characters laughing to make you laugh because the scenes were not funny (in the church, all the characters laugh and snigger while a character sings Opera, it's not funny, but they bring in a veritable television audience to laugh in the crowd so you might laugh along, like a sheep).There's a bit where they all get on a boat randomly. They talk for a while before the gag in the scene happens. This was so cliché, corny and sentimental prior to the joke that I actually don't remember a line of dialogue, I even said to my friend next to me "I phased out during that what'd they say?" And he said "I have no idea either". Enough said.His wife gets angry and storms off to the toilet, they decide to stay a while and she storms off with a toilet seat protector stuck to her bum. It's completely basal humour. It's not funny at all, completely desperate. The film is laced with them, as well as a comedic sidekick in the guise of vegan wannabe Rob Schneider (worst actor ever? Possibly).The amount of misogynistic staring at bottom jokes and looking at breasts is off the scale. Actual breast milk jokes. There is nothing funny in this film, but there's a lot of sad sad moments. Watching Adam Sandler's career melt into irrelevant middle age is probably the saddest.The Grownups is, to me, a sad film. What's presented here is several comedian actors, failing to do anything even remotely funny. the jokes are f*cking terrible, the acting is cookie-cutter at best, and overall its just f*cking dull. Watching this is kind of like watching standup on amateur night, everything feels forced and despite the fact that it never once induces laughter. I dunno about these other guy's screenings(i'm pretty sure every other review here is bullsh*t), but when i saw it the audience was practically dead, near the ending there was snoring coming from behind my seat. the only good thing about this movie is that martin lawrence isn't in it. predictable trash with forced jokes and a generally sh*tty story, this movie failed to entertain me on all levels, therefore i give it a one. stay the f*ck away from this mess of a filmWhat happened to the funny Adam Sandler movies? Grown Ups is proof that Adam Sandler is lazy and thinks the public will watch anything. He promoted this movie one year before the actual release date. The commercials were so embedded in our brains that we had to see the movie. Plus, what appeared to be the best cast on paper, I said "Maybe Adam Sandler's best movie ever?". But the movie was a fail from the start. The comedy was nowhere to be found. I wasn't even sure they were using a script in multiple scenes. Sandler must have made this movie for a big paycheck for himself and his closest SNL buddies (gross revenue $271,430,189). Oh, and so he could get his hands on Selma Hayek.I sat in awe as the sheer incompetence happened before me on screen. Characters laughing at their own jokes, and my parents laughed along as if every joke was the funniest thing in the world. I laughed like twice but that's it. The rest of the time I fake smiled along with every other dumb joke. This movie is bad, I don't care what people say. Adam Sandler just doesn't care anymore. Click, while not perfect, at least was funny and had some sort of care or style. This movie is just flat and boring. 1/10, won't watch again.In this movie the only that I like is Adam Sandler but I belive that he would do better moviesI was coerced into seeing this film in theaters, which my entire party soon regretted. There is, quite simply, a shortage of hate-charged words to describe how I feel about this movie.Since it is supposed to be a comedy, I'll start off on that subject: almost all of the humour was insultingly stupid. Whenever the audience around me would laugh at something that almost literally physically pained me, I wanted to stand up and shout, "DON'T ENCOURGE THIS!!!" Quite frankly, it's a miracle I didn't. The few funny lines were surrounded by so much idiocy that I can barely remember any of them.Moving on, the plot line (or lack thereof) was absolute manure. Throughout the entire film, we simply throw five different families, each of which has enough going on to be a movie unto themselves, into the same location and watch what unfolds. No single subplot was given enough prominence to be considered the main conflict. Subplots would be resolved really early in the film, forcibly dragged back up, and quickly resolved a second time. Throughout the movie, there was a running gag about Kevin James' bad health, which one would think would turn into a major part of the story. Well, that just makes too much sense. Instead, Kevin James gives the revelation nearly at the end that he was recently fired and can't find a job, which wasn't foreshadowed at all. And, his poor health serves to just get him out of the way so that Adam Sandler can complete his subplot with his son. Most of the many subplots were resolved by a spontaneous scene in which everyone simply talks everything through, with no sense of conflict whatsoever. The antagonists of the movie, while the funniest parts, were hardly ever on screen, never developed, and their inclusion in the "story" made little sense.If my review spares one person from violating themselves with this abomination passing itself off as entertainment, my sacrifice will have been worth it.I have never posted a review here before but I felt compelled to after watching this sad excuse for a movie. I did not laugh a single time during the whole movie despite so many apparently funny actors. It seems like most of the crew were ready to fall asleep at any time. The movie did not flow from scene to scene and it seemed like they were making up the movie as it went along. I watched it with 2 of my friends and they did not like it either. Someone had to have realized it was going to be a terrible movie during filming as none of the jokes were even funny so I'm surprised they came up with this garbage. Someone probably came up with the story in a day. Next time I will make sure to read reviews before checking out something from Redbox. I was somewhat curious to watch it because I saw Adam Sandler in Boston when he was filming the movie, but it would have been better to restrain my curiosity.Maybe laughed 5 times. These guys are all at the downfall of there careers and they are all trying way to hard, or maybe not hard enough. I hate movies that they market the #$@% out of and then they are awful. Its like they know it is going to be bad so we better market it. I want my money back. The kid actors were terrible as well and not funny at all. They were trying to throw some awful humor in there that was just not entertaining. I cringed when all the kids were trying to be funny with there yo humor. Who's kids really act like that? I think Adam Sandler needs to try some new kind of humor. The movie did seem longer than it really was, because it was so painful. Definitely a rental, do not spend money to go the theatre on this one. Wait until it hits the redbox then you can see it for a dollar.If you've seen the movie trailer, then you've already seen the movie. Look no further and search no more, because there is nothing more to it. There is nothing good about this movie, lame acting, poor script, and ordinary special effects. A good story turns into a bad script, and no matter how many actors you might want to bring in, it just is terrible. OK! Then we add a couple of sexy girls just to spice things up, but that doesn't really work! Well... may be with the teenage audience. So, I'm thinking may be the movie is just for the teenagers. In that case, I'm going to be very careful about his next movie in 2011. It's a terrible movie. Don't even rent it! Just watch the trailer online and that's all the laugh you'll get!Who was the intended audience for this film? It can't be children because there are a slew of statutory rape jokes (someone call the Special Victims Unit), and it can't be adults because there is no story. The best assumption I can come up with is that this movie was made for teenagers with short attention spans.It seems like the director is purposely trying to distract people from the fact that there is no point to this movie. The camera will often focus on random objects that in no way have any effect on the plot; moreover, there are weird subplots that are never resolved. I don't want to directly blame the visual editor because he can only do so much with the content that he's given, but this movie is super choppy. It's just not cohesive at all.I don't feel emotionally involved with any of the characters. Is there a struggle? I guess the theme of this film is that people exist, and as long as that's true, then things will happen. Maybe someone could come to a realization. Maybe that could influence the viewer into experiencing some sort of emotion. That being said, the two daughters in this film were extremely attractive (I've just been Dick Wolfed). The main flaw of this movie is that it just isn't funny. Every scene has a build up to a joke that fizzles out. It's difficult for me to believe that any writing was involved in making this film. If you want to watch a terrible movie and laugh, then pick up Tommy Wiseau's The Room or 2012. Both of these films are hilariously bad.Grown Ups makes me take the Mike Judge's Idiocracy more seriously. Maybe one day people will be able to sit back, sip a Brawndo, and enjoy this film.At first I had high hopes for this film when the promos were up all over town - HUGE billboards in LA along the 405 - but when the trailers looked lame and the main cast were doing the talk show circuit together I knew they were really begging people to buy tickets. When it showed up as avaialable for streaming on Netflix and there was nothing else to watch I decided to give it a chance. I was, as expected, disappointed.Such a solid cast of solid comedians with no direction. Each scene seemed disjointed and so many of the gags were random, probably worked in because maybe it seemed funny on the set at the time. Was I supposed to laugh when Selma Hayak comes out of the can with an ass-gaslet on her rear end? Why is she in this movie anyway? She is gorgeous, but not funny. Lame jokes that had nothing to do with anything are in abundance here because, as someone else pointed out, there was no quality control. As more stars, like Steve Buscemi, start to randomly show up as oddball, uninteresting characters, it becomes cleasr that this was just a chance for these people to get a pay check.Hopefully this will be the worst movie I see all year as I re-implement my Nothing Less than 3 Stars (out of 5 at Netflix) Rule.Sandler, like many successful people in the film-i.e Tina Feye,Steve Matin,Eddie Murphy Become so out of touch with why they were successful in the first place they have to over- compensate and just basically steal ideas from other people. The breast-feeding joke is straight out of the U.K T.V. series "Little Britan". Which i guess Sandler figured no one had seen. The arrow flying in the air is from "Garden State". Which I guess he figured not many people had seen the movie. Its not just that he stole the jokes, or rehashed his own material, the film is less than funny- negative 10 on a funny scale. And the utter waste of talent. I wished they could sue for joke stealing, he would be in court for a long time. Sandler is obviously suffering from some kind of mid-multi-millionaire-movie -star life crisis! And of course all he really wants is to be a serious actor and have his own Philidelphia. But not sure thats ever going to happen to him. Maybe he and Ben Stiller have lots to talk about, they are both trying to do the same things, caught between real actor and silly funny guy forever. Maybe they should be in contact with Steve Matin and they can all write clever plays and screenplays together! Better still Bill Murray, he knows all about it. Is it money that stops people from being funny or inventive or do they have too many people in the entourage who do everything for them?