There is nothing wrong about this film... there is nothing right about it either. It's just another Adam Sandler feel-good movie, and if you like these (I certainly do), you will like this movie too. If you hate them for a lack of plot or the shallowness of the jokes, you won't. I just know I laughed a numerous amount of times, and I felt good after having watched it.And no, I'm not a stupid guy; I like a good plot, good acting, directing and well-thought-of puns as does the next guy. But there are times when you feel like watching a complicated drama, and there are times when you feel like watching a no-brainer.This is definitely a no-brainer, which will make you feel good from time to time. That's why Adam Sandler makes these movies, and that's why they keep doing so well.They will make you feel good :)This is one of, if not the best piece of any category of media/entertainment I have ever seen. This movie made me laugh almost every minute of the film but some how made me think harder than I ever had to with its hard hitting takes on racism, sexism, and classism. With hilarious scenes like the pool scene, to beautiful cinematography at the water skiing scene. Is strongly recommended to all people, whether your a kid, an adult you can enjoy this movie at its fullest.I think there is something wrong with you "americans"! You really hate Adam Sandler. But why? Here in Europe not in your "full of dreams country", he is really appreciated! And he deserves it! I'm sure that 9out of 10 watched this with a girlfriend, mother, nerd friend... watch it with friends, drink beer, think how you are going to look in 10-20 years and you will find it very funny! And I still think that its USA to blame! For the good people from Europe- watch it! The actors are fine, yes the story is known but not "Adam Sandler known". Bottom line- in USA its not good enough, Europe- a nice relaxing comedy from a well known actor.Great one-liner thorughout the movie, it was like stand-up comics delivery. Always feel affection for the entire cast, Sandler, James, Rock, Spades and yes.. even Schneider. Can't wait for Grown Ups 3!i don't know about the rest of the people who reviewed this movie, but it was hilarious! it was a good old' family comedy. the boys Adam, Kevin, Chris, David and rob to a great job bringing back the old days of summer. when kids used to go outside from morning to night to play; and not sit inside glued to a screen or any sort. i didn't try to predict anything, i just say back and watched the movie.its a 10 our of 10 for me simply because it was entertaining from beginning to end. even the stupid parts; like the night time water bottle scene. its was stupid and pointless, but funny. and then it rolls into another funny scene. the movie has heart, i'm telling you, you should go see it despite what other people say; they probably hold their phones like they're drinking tea, little finger up. don't over look this movie. it's a great family movie, has constant jokes and gags. and we should all take something away from it, nostalgia. i know i miss those days. take this movie for what it is at face value. its just a bunch of men being...well, boys.Now Grown-Ups is an excellent movie to teenagers. The movie is centered around them. Hot girls, funny jokes, sports, etc. Anyways I've read a couple comments and the people who hate on this movie are probably out of their teen years. My opinion is Grown-Ups is a very funny comedy. Now sure it doesn't have a plot but that doesn't make it stop from being a good movie. Plus the PG-13 rating is perfect because little kids and teenagers can watch it.I also have to ask why do people complain and complain? Multiple reviews comment about the marriages in the movie. No way someone that fat can get someone that hot! Really? It's a movie. I mean look at Avatar? No one says "Hey, Pandora isn't real! Let's hate on it!" Movies don't need to be realistic they just need to appeal to people. It certainly appeals to me and to many other people.That's what I think people can argue with me but that's their opinion.What's the most important thing you want out of a comedy? You want to get a good laugh out of it. It's not important if the story isn't complicated and doesn't contain a lot of action. No, for me a good comedy means a bunch of tacky jokes, some unfortunate accidents and a happy end. Kind of like National Lampoons, but instead of Chevy Chase, here's Adam Sandler with his buddies and family having a nice weekend with each other and the rest you should see for yourselves. I thought this movie is so worth seeing and I almost didn't because of the bad reviews it got. I'm very glad I saw it anyway, because it really made me want to give my review and here it is; I think this movie represents an all American feel good movie with lots of hilarious moments and is very laid back. Two thumbs up!OK...I just saw the movie and i loved it.. If you're expecting an old Adam sandler movie then chances are you won't like it.. Its about a bunch of grown up friends who get together at a cabin and their adventures for a couple of days... And it is hilarious...You don't laugh throughout the movie, but you are likely to have like a series of laughs... The humor is very real humor.. not the overtly silly retarded comedy of old sandler movies.Don't get me wrong i like that kind of humor too...They take shots at each other, reminisce about the past, tries to relive their childhood games...Steve Buscemi is hilarious..God bless him...A lot of people said there isn't any story..And there isn't...Like i said this is very real humor, its like we are seeing a few of their moments over a period of 2-3 days... I instantly related to them because thats what me and my friends do sometimes...I really loved this movie..relax,grab a beer,have some friends come over and give it a watch...I do not understand why it is 6 we really enjoyed and watched it again very funny. one of the best of adam sandler moviesFor the beautiful bond of friendship! Watch it to cheer yourself, laughters and deep smiles.