This movie is simply funny, it aims to make you laugh and no more. Anyone who dissect the plot and put the acting and screenplay of this film under a microscope is missing the entire point of this movie.This is a comedy, not a documentary or an historical saga, this is plane humor, dumb with a bit of a slapstick taste... The entire situation is fictional of course and that's what so funny about it. I've read some comment about this movie here and the people who wrote these comment are way off, talking like those big-shot movie critics. This is a fun movie to watch with a "stupid" yet hilarious story, simple comedy and a lot of what some people call "toilet humor" (which is always funny) - it's nothing more than pure entertainment and it leaves you with a smile on your face which is never a bad thing, right? I've seen this movie 5 times and I still laugh my heart out! :-DI have seen the Unrated version on DVD together with my family.I was very much suspicious about this movie from the moment when I saw the DVD cover and really wanted to push stop button after the first 5 minutes of the film, especially after seeing absolutely silly makeup :=) Lucky for me, others wanted to continue watching. What followed was 1 1/2 hours of great comedy, some scenes are so hilarious that even after seeing them many times I still laugh again when seeing them.In some way this movie is identical to Soul Plane by being an underdog which is blamed to be racist and full with low level jokes. Perhaps it is, but I still find it very funny.10/10 (Partly because of the IMHO unjustified low total rating this movie has)After seeing the Wayans Brothers in Scary Movie 1 and Scary Movie 2 I had high expectations on this film, not because they are comic geniuses or anything, but because they are one of the few toilet humor actors I can tolerate and even find quite humorous under the right conditions. White Chicks pulled out all the stops, and remains one of my favorite movies to watch till this day.There was just so much hilarious material, that was quite different from some of the other comedies I had recently seen. Yes, the main plot is really unbelievable, but it pays off. All the cast knew what kind of film they were working with and slap it up whenever they can. One of my favorite scenes is in the dressing room, and another is at a restaurant. I will leave it at that for those who have not seen it. This film left me smiling long after it was over, because it started off strong and carried out the whole way through. That's all it really needed to do. I must say that there was nothing wrong with this film at all, and that it was totally funny. It was kind of obvious how when the brothers in the film dressed up to be the sisters they looked nothing like them, but I still thought it was a great underrated comedy!White Chicks is the funnest film i have watched in years. Am i the only one who thought the made up black dudes looked better than the real white chicks. As for all the comments about the film being racist, cant anybody watch a film any more as a film , as a comedy film, and not as a statement of America right now. Remember its a comedy you laugh at funny things on film, you don't watch a comedy film to write a check list of every thing not politically correct about the movie, its a movie to be enjoyed by the masses not by the political correctness police, get a life people. I watch a film to enjoy that film, i watch the terminator and i don't think while I'm watching it, mmmm Arnie cant act, he shouldn't be in this film, lets have Dustin Hoffman play the terminator he can act, cause that would be and is stupid, watch a film to enjoy, thats what they are for.This is just plain fun and will have you laugh until your insides hurt. Marlon and Shawn Wayans go undercover by using disguises in order to infiltrate the rich and uncover something bigger...only their seniors have no idea whats happening....This film is hilarious from start to finish; the laughs just keep coming; you won't be able to stop for a minute to catch your breath. Terry Crew is perfect for his role, his lines are funny and his physique is amazing... While the other characters are just as good, (far too many to name). It does have an element of Bad Boys but it works.Some critics label this movie as 'stupid'; I think its a film were you can just sit back and laugh out loud, it isn't the greatest plot but thats not what this aims to do...its not an Oscar nomination, its purpose is to make the audience laugh and enjoy themselves and thats what it does with perfect precision.Americans are some of the most uptight folks on the planet. To the folks who think this movie is anything but funny, well you are hopeless.PC in your case means pitifully cramped. Humor, like beauty, is unique to each person. But the Wayans seem to be able to dish out equal portions of playful jabs and tongue-in-cheek which appeals to me.A look at the Hilton sisters and their lifestyle gives more than enough fodder to make something really funny, and it is in this movie.If you want intellectualism, go elsewhere. This is just smartly funny.This is one of my favorite comedies. It's an excellent movie. I even saw it twice and I laughed a lot. I totally understand why many love this movie, but some really think it's a crap. If you want to see a serious comedy, you won't like this one because it's very absurd. I mean how can two black guys transform into two white chicks and nobody sees the difference. The plot is very unreal, something you won't see in the real life, but if you pass over this things you'll see one of the best comedies. The acting is great, the plot is very entertaining so I recommend this movie to everyone who wants to laugh a lot and enjoy a great comedy.this film had me laughing from the preview to the credits. it is a prefect movie to watch when you just broke up with your boyfriend/girlfriend and lost your dog. You will be smiling in no time. The plot is totally unrealistic but that just adds to the funny of the film. Anyone who says this movie was not funny must have no sense of humor at all because everything out this movie was funny. I thought my stomach was about to explode i was laughing. The fact that they looked nothing like the actual girls makes it even more hilarious. Actually when i seen this movie my grandfather had just died and i couldn't help but laugh when i saw this film. Funny! i cant find any other way to describe it. Good job WayansDirected by Wayans - preformed by Wayans -- Of course this is going to be an off beat movie - but holy cow, this movie is hilarious. One of my favorites. I will not give anything a way, but this whole movie makes my wife and my self laugh every time and is very quotable. "Yo' Hold my Poodle"I saw the movie 10 times and it remains my personal third favorite movie of all time. It's full of laughter and fun. Exactly what we need in movies. To the Wayans, keep up the great work. I love them in Scary Movies. They have certainly done wonders with movies. In these days when we all are trying to get things that are considered offensive out of our movies, gotta ask..how can they get away with it? White Chicks remains very offensive because of one major thing. If it is illegal for whites to go in black face, how is it legal for blacks to go in white face? But I would have to say this, as long as it is a movie like "White Chicks" Who cares? Keep up the great work and I'll forever be a major fan of the Wayans.Always nice to see another Wayans movie. It comes close to the humor of Monty Python, not yet the absurd and satire, but that is what makes Monty Python so unique. These guys have their own style which has been (and i'm sure it will keep on being) funny as hell. Well, the first scene is hilarious, they should make a movie about those two old geezers. But what made me utterly gasping for air and producing a backache from laughing is the toilet scene. Man, this is even better than dumb & dumber's farting scene. Off course this level of humor is to be found throughout the entire movie. Non-stop jokes about anything and anyone, they don't centralize any specific group, they just make fun about everyone and everything. Their acting is so good, it makes you wonder how some celebrities are where they are now. And the make-up and prostheses are really well done. This is a must-see movie. Brilliant!! Can't wait what will come next from this talented group!White Chicks was a breath of fresh air. It took you away from all the gore and drama of most of the latest films. This movie gave you a real chance to just sit back and laugh! It didn't matter if the plot was right or if all the actors could in deed act. It was what it was-funny!Marlon and Shawn have proved to be great actors in whatever role the chose to take. Maybe this movie was so funny because it was so unexpected. They give a whole new meaning to the word versatile. Talent is truly a gift not a learned skill. I hope they had as much fun making it as I did watching it. Congrad's Mr. Wayans on a job well done! Well that's my opinion anyway!I loved this film ~ all of it ~ from the start to the finish ... I can't say there is one part that I found boring, or not quite as good as the rest of it ... I stayed planted to my chair, as did my children for the duration of the running time ... So that says a lot about a movie itself ... As for the humor stakes ... Think of Deuce Bigalow or something similar, and multiply it by 10 ... It's certainly one of the funniest movies, I've seen in a very long time ... The combination of the Wayans brothers went together so well, and they made the perfect acting team ... I hope they do lots more comedies together, on the same scale as this one ... The entire cast of this movie was awesome, and each character, brought their own little bit of comedy into the movie ... I thoroughly enjoyed the storyline, and granted it may have been a little cliché, such as cops/good guy/bad guy, but it went so well with the characters, and they really pulled it off ... It was a whole wealth of great entertainment ... from the bonds of a partnership/friendship to some of the most hilarious scenes I've ever seen ... I loved every one of them ... A terrific comedy, well worth watching ... 10/10!!!I have to admit. At first I wasn't too fond of this movie. But after some minutes I started to understand and love it. Maybe it does not appeal to everyone but this movie be actin great 'n shait!! "Move, b1tch!!"I can't figure out why the low rating, I've seen it 3 times and it is one of my absolute favorites among comedies. It has a lot of "ebonics humor" and from time to time it be acting all hilarious! Sure, you'd have to have a sense of humor to appreciate it, and be a bit immature.I guess it is the same guys who put "One flew over the cuckoo's nest" on top250(Sure, the movie is rather good, but what it is doing on #12 beats me...) who turned this movie down, I do mean to offend anyone.Laughs - in fact, loud guffaws - are guaranteed for anyone who watches this comedy. A good number of comedies are not funny at all; I would barely even smile. But this one really made me laugh. The whole premise is already quite silly, and you wonder why the "white chicks" could ever be mistaken for the women they're masquerading. (That's the whole joke.)The Wayan brothers were certainly hamming it up in this one. Also, some of the situations actually mirror real life, but this being a comedy, things get exaggerated. Like how the thin lady became a psycho in the dressing room and how one of the "white chicks" was made to squeeze into clothes that were too small.I would recommend anyone to show this movie to people they know who are dead-serious; would they, at least, chuckle? I imagine anyone in a bad mood would have their spirits lifted after watching this rib-tickling gem.Love this movie! Know the lines by heart! One of the best movies I know!Love IT. I have seen IT maybe 6 times or so! Cud see it again and again!The look of the movie was pretty polished. The sets and costumes were good.When I first saw the preview I thought, "no way am I seeing this movie." Then bought the video (at my teenager's insistence). And, I found the movie so silly, it made me laugh! Some people have a problem with the Wayans brothers in drag playing white women. But, what about Gene Wilder and Richard Pryor? Richard put Gene's character in black face (in one of their movies) in a big hat with a radio (boom box) to his ear. And, then he proceeded to show Gene's character how to act "black." It was perfectly ridiculous, and hilarious! White Chicks (2004) is a spoof, loaded with satire, and movie does not take itself seriously. If you liked the "Scary Movies," you'll like White Chicks (2004).I have probably seen this movie at least 30 times. Every single time it is still fresh and funny. Every single time I laugh out loud the entire movie and recite my favorite lines along with the Wayans Brothers. Some gems include: Easy White Chocolate, Negro Please, OK Schwartzenegro, Making my way downtown, Ooops she did it again, Your momma is so old when she breast feeds it looks like this (dust).... RIOT!!! I miss the Wayans and hope they come out with another movie which is up to par with White Chicks. How there was no sequel is a mystery to me.Physical comedy and timing in this movie are excellent with every character having their place while being memorable.Start to finish - Awesome.Such a bad rating. 5.5 only? I give it a 10 because it made my laugh so much. It is really great and funny, good for relaxing. I recommend it to everyone who likes comedy movies. These brothers are amazing. I've watched it so many times and it never gets boring! And I've learned so many lines by heart. Enjoy the movie!I Really love old fashion comedy movies. This movie is a great example.Never gets old no matter how many times i seen it way too funny.One of my favourite comedies ever, it's one of those ones where you can return to when you're feeling a bit down and it will make you happy. It's just non-stop laughs from beginning to end, and if you're looking for a profound or intelligent movie then why would you watch a movie called "White Chicks"? I've seen many negative reviews on here branding it "racist" or "misogynistic" well, maybe it is but it's definitely not offensive because it's so over the top how could you possibly be offended by it? Personally, I don't see the film as "racist" or "misogynistic" I feel that it's making fun of rich, elitist girls who only care about money and their image i.e. people that deserve to be made fun of. The only bit that I didn't find funny was the toilet humour, but that only lasts a short time and some will find it funny. So if you are not too uptight and want non-stop laughs then get this on DVD.geeze.... What can i say ? it's absolutely great humor.. or first-class comedy. Lattrell makes me laugh all the way, esp. when he said : "Cash.." or "perhaps salad?" hahaa.. and i can't stop laughn' (that on the dance floor!) hwahaa.. (great performance Terry!) -i think you should be got an Oscar for that!. i've seen thiz movie for seven times ! .... ........... ...... ........... ..... ....... ....... ...... ............. .... ....... ......... ......... ......... .... .... ...... ......... ........ .............. ........ ..... ..... ..-thanks to the Wayans Brothers .. Shawn and Marlon are dynamic duo ..... Keep Brilliant !!Honestly I never usually write reviews but for this movie i had to, it is a GREAT movie! Full of comedy, laughter, entertainment, crime, drama. I did have high hopes for this movie and i was even more impressed when i watched it. This movie is one of my favourites i really wished they made a second/third one i would rush to the cinemas to watch it. I highly recommend this movie to watch!