Lady Gaga can sing, but i can not say therefore that was a good movie. I was waiting the whole time when the heck this movie would end. I do not recommend it.This movie is just plain bad. There must be some big payola going round this awards season. Badly written, average acting at best, all the characters are unrelatable and inlikeable. 2 hours of my life wasted. Gaga was edited out of any opportunity to really act and other actors carried her scenes on there back. Bradley Cooper just drank swore and mumbled for 2 hours. I really don't understand where all the good reviews and awards are coming from.It was well acted, directed, and the music was good. But the story is yawn. Not trying to rip anybody but I checked my watch a dozen times during this movie. It's also my opinion that the characters weren't developed properly. Introduce us to the characters and let us see who they are prior to meeting each other.Sam Elliot & Andrew Dice Clay were standouts.Toss every movie trope into a salad, add a bit of sap and you've got A Star Is Born. I wanted to love this movie but it was a total mess from start to finish. I didn't care about a single character and wasn't surprised by anything, not even the "tragic" ending. The songs were good and the acting was fine I guess (other than Gaga who was bleh) but the story was all over the place, the motivations of the characters were inconsistent and I didn't believe for a second that any of this was happening. Overall one of the worst movies I've seen in a while (and I saw both Peppermint and "Ready Player One", so...).Okay. I went and saw it because of the soft side in me (or, in other words, my wife wanted me to go see it with her .... I love her so much). I didn't know what to expect so I went in with an open mind. The first hour showed promise but the rest of the movie was kinda like the movie the "Titantic" -- You knew the boat would sink at the end. I found the F word so often said that it took away from the film. I say that word from time to time but not 74 times in two hours. And, I'm 33 years old. And, I'm not bashful. Lada Gaga is the reason for the crowded theater. If they said Stephanie Germanotta was the actor in it, the theater would have been empty. I personally like her and admire her for opening up about her mental and physical struggles. That is a great help for so many! But, this is a movie and not a lipped sync'd video. The Lady Gaga marketing didn't make up the difference for this film.One poster asked a good question: How many 10 out of 10's can fans give a movie when it isn't even released? Is this just marketing by the movie makers?Five foot two is better than this movie. Wait for a Star is Born to come out to redbox or netflix..... The restrooms will be closer and the drinks will be cheaper.I cannot believe the high review scores on this site- one even called it a masterpiece! After spending 2.25 hours watching this I can only rate it as 1/10, in other words utter rubbish, waste of time. The plot could be told in under a minute but it took the producers 2.25 hours to tell this pitiful and obvious predictable tale. The whole thing seems like a lady gaga promo video, and good for her, she has obvious talent and it's her film! The other lead character is an obvious " drink and drugs" tale but what is not explained is - WHY? What made him such a lush? He's not an appealing character but we don't know why..? She on the other hand shamelessly exploits his introduction and reputation to build HER career! The ending was obvious and far too long in coming.
If you have not seen it, dont bother, go and watch paint dry instead.Yeah, you read that headline right. I absolutely hated this cliched mess of a movie that did absolutely nothing new or interesting. I could go on and on about the specifics of the movie that I disliked (and I actually did on my blog), but I'll make an attempt to keep it brief.The first third or so of the movie was pretty good in my opinion--the characters really shined and the soundtrack was absolutely phenomenal. It was this first third or so of the movie that made me respect the love story and convinced me--even for a second--that it would be a new take on this kind of love story. Then a record producer showed up and everything went downhill. From there, every single aspect of the plot was dull, predictable, and unexciting. I wondered what the point was in staying and watching through the entire thing if I could predict it all. The characters are what ultimately got me through the movie (or more specifically Jackson, since I found Ally nearly unlikable by the end of the film).I only cried once while the other moviegoers in my theater were blubbering over every other line of dialogue. The end of the movie--where Jackson committed suicide--is the only part that got me. Other scenes were just predictable and boring to me (if well acted). The movie's commentary on the suicide ("It was HIS fault") enraged me, since it's NOBODY'S fault when someone commits suicide.Every other aspect of the movie (with the exception of the aforementioned soundtrack and performances of the actors) is either dull or unnoteworthy. The movie clearly has nothing new to say other then new artists with crappy music deserve a Grammy. I wasn't happy I saw it and I am wholly unsatisfied with the experience. At least Gaga and Cooper have amazing singing voices.This 4th incarnation of A Star is Born featuring Bradley Cooper and Dollar Store Madonna knockoff Lady Gaga is proof yet again that there really is very little or no creativity in Hollywood in our modern times. Are filmmakers so dam lazy that they decided to reheat a classic film like mom's late night leftovers which the more times you do the taste tends to spur over time. That's what this film is like. 1 remake is fine, 2 remakes is pushing but 3 damn remakes of the original film...just toss what very little brain cells you have left in the garbage because those praising this reheated concoction are suffering from long term food poison. Sorry the Star isn't born because the Star burnt out just like mom's leftoversRemake, Rehash, Recycle and do it badly seems to be the new norm.This film has little emotional feel to it. You would get more emotion from an episode of hollyoaks. Lady Gaga is pretty good in the lead role but Bradley Cooper is quite frankly a poor acrtor who has only made it because of his looks. He was just not a convincing alcoholic / drug addict. As for his direction, words fail me.
The film just doesn't flow from the get go and the script is amateurish and patchy. Don't waste your money on this turkey.