This movie is atrocious beyond words, and the first movie from which I've ever walked out (an hour and 17 minutes into it). The session was full of giggling middle-aged women, wetting themselves with anticipation - I cannot believe this book and movie has appeal. Are women really so bored, so desperate, that this is what gets them off?? The acting was appalling - I guess that's the end of Ms Johnson & Mr Dornan's careers. And I wouldn't be surprised if the actors who refused the role of Christian Grey are secretly relieved they had the sense to reject it! The script was laughable. No chemistry between the two leads. As for the 'eroticism'.....it was completely lacking. Stilted, awkward, poor cinematography, cheesy scripting. Just terrible. Do not waste your time or money with this."Fifty Shades of Grey" is based on a badly written book, so why someone thought they could make a decent film out of it is beyond me. Actually I don't think anyone believed they could make a good film, the producers just wanted the money that would come in from all people who for reasons known only to themselves read the book.I had a free ticket and I had to go in order to do a story on it. Bottom line, I'm not doing a story on it.Okay, here's the problem, and this is what breaks my heart. We no longer know what good or great is. I am no follower of Ayn Rand, but in The Fountainhead, she predicted the rise of mediocrity, mediocrity being considered great and the norm we shoot for. It only stands to reason that at this point, some things can't even rise to that sad level. This isn't mediocre, it's pathetic. I can't believe there are people complimenting the actors. But then I can, because they have come to accept mediocrity. Something I fight against with all my heart.There is one other problem. The book sucked; in order to like it, one had to use his or her imagination. The success of this book lay in the fantasy aspect. Sometimes imagination is more powerful than just about anything and can give you an erotic experience. This film doesn't fulfill the most inane imagination, let alone someone who really has a wild and creative one. The only fantasy it can give you is how fast you can get out of the theater.There were people around me laughing. The ones who weren't left, and from what I found out in the lobby, actually demanded and got their money back. When was the last time you saw people leaving a movie in the middle? I'm not sure I've ever seen it, and I'll guess I've been going to movies longer than a lot of you.I lament the loss of artistic soul, of creativity, of going for the best. I miss the days when Billy Wilder was a writer and a filmmaker. What are we left with but a horrible book written on a first grade level and the resulting bad movie.I don't want to spoil a lot, so ill just give ratings with a brief description on certain elements of this so-called "film".Acting; 3/10. The acting was misplaced, awkward.. not to look at. At least convince us you're an intense guy, Mr. Grey. Plot: 1/10. that wasn't a plot for a normal movie, it was a plot for soft-core porn.. which had as terrible acting in it as real porn. Camera work/scenery/etc. 7/10 for what it is.. great camera work i guess and good sceneryRomance; 2/10. I've seen the notebook... that's romance. This is a poor attempt to romance. It tries to tell you they're madly in love, but it's just a weird sexual relationship.Drama: 1/10. there is no thrill.. no intense things going on. There is no drama in this soft-core-erotic-drama. "The deeds" 10/10.. they did it. so.. can't give it any lower points than this. Overall, it's was horrible acted, plot-less, non-romantic nor drama movie about a girl being horny and the guy doing an attempt of BDSM, which comes down to.. soft-core.. almost nothing different than normal sex with bondage.. boring sh*t. on that note, go watch the kings man; secret service. that's one of the best action movies i've seen in a while!Okay. So I have not read the book, (being a male), and I went with one of my female friends who HAD read the book, (and she said she had enjoyed it) -- although having said that, she had read it a number of years ago. We paid our money and we took our seats. The film began; and I have to say that the wooden acting, the cruddy screenplay, the corny dialogue, the ridiculous script, the highly improbable storyline, were all just TOO much for us! (And not just us it seems! As we could hear titters from the audience at large as well coming from dialogue within the story that were supposed to be serious scenes -- so not just us I hasten to add)...We gave it half an hour and then I leaned over to my friend and said "Do you think there's any chance they will give us our money back?? What do you think to it?" -- and thank God she replied, "Oh thank Heavens you said that; I can't stand it another minute! Lets just get outta here!!!!!!! It's just terrible".We got our money back. We complained it was nothing like the book and that we demanded a refund as had only seen half an hour of the movie, and hey presto they refunded my credit card! No questions asked! I give this rubbish 1 star; and that was for the pretty outdoor scenery! Don't waste your time with it -- it is Hollywood at it's worst.You simply can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear. The book was unquestionably the worst piece of writing I'd ever encountered, so what the hell were they thinking in making this rubbish? Apart from the tedium of the plod (read plot), the script is cobbled together with hollow dialogue, countless use of retch-inducing signifiers and cliché, a complete lack of chemistry between the characters and predictable scenarios and outcomes at every turn. I got the feeling throughout the film that both these actors were desperate to get off the set, go home (but certainly to separate houses), drown their shared humiliation with a stiff drink or ten, and set fire to their contracts. Woeful book. Woeful film. Don't waste your money on this drivel. There are Fifty Reasons to STAY AWAY.I was in the mood for a great film about a young girl who meets a successful and seductive businessman with sexy results. This was not the case. This film was purely awful. No one can blame me for not being in the right frame of mind for the cinema, as some reviewers are. They see a film and end up having a bad night and they put the entire blame on the film, this is not the case for me. I was in a positive frame of mind, and really in the mood to see what I thought would be a somewhat good if not better than mediocre film.This film is about two people who have no chemistry "falling" for each other. "Falling" like off a three story balcony leaving you without the use of your legs for the rest of your life. I'm just going to be blunt. This film is about GLORIFYING DOMESTIC VIOLENCE and a little girl in over her head who tolerates it. The man in the relationship, Chris, in a career-ending performance portrayed by Jamie Doormat, is a control-freak who must be in control in everything he does, including the life of his BDSM buddy, Ana.Not only does he creep onto her, HE BEATS HER, non-consensually while they have intercourse, he stalks her, HE INTIMIDATES HER and he shows no love for her. If this were any other film, he would be the antagonist. If you're in the mood for a movie that shows what true love is, I suggest you see Mrs. Doubtfire, as that film is about a loving family man who shows his dedication and support to his wife, even after they are separated, and his children, by dressing up as an elderly female babysitter. 50 Shades of Brown gets 1/10 stars from me as I am unable to give A BIG FAT ZERO.Sorry but I can't get over Jamie Doran.. I mean he comes from playing a serial killer in the Fall (who tied up women and murdered them) to .. Well. 20 mins of sex. The movie is boring and predictable. The fine line between abuse and pleasure is so thin it's almost non- existent. Lacks any of the raunch or controversy promised, and is instead tiresome, banal and as thinly plotted as a porn. I haven't read the book.. and I have to say I didn't finish the movie. I don't think i missed much by leaving 20 mins early, but it was just boring. If a man had written the book he would probably have been jailed. Its beyond understanding what people see in the book/movie. Unless all the women I know are telling me lies and secretly want to be tied up and abused by a perverted man.Another sad movie with a generic plot with the Mary Sue / Gary Sue relationship. A relationship so horrid that it reaches a limit when rape is involved. This book turned movie is a mere reminder that 'Hollywood' will create anything without investigating the rather obvious 'unusual behavior' -- which, lets be honest here, isn't unusual until you put a married man and a girl who cannot bite her lip for the life of her in the same room. It is more than evident there is no chemistry on set, and off set. Jamie, you could have done so much better. Dakota, no, just no. Thank you, EL for your horrible outlook on BDSM and your plagiarized mistake of a 'book'. You truly have given writers everywhere a reason to wish they'd never written, and a reason as to why actors never wish to take part in anything that relates to this horrible mess of a movie.When the end credits began to roll, I was given a fleeting look by the people sitting next to me in the cinema. They were probably checking to see if I was still alive; such was my horror and, quite frankly, disbelief, I had not moved from the same position for at least an hour. A wide-opened mouth, bulging eyes and clenched fists on the armrests at my sides. No, I was not enamoured with the movie. No, I did not find the scenes of bondage shocking. I had simply lost the will to live. One might remember a famous novel by a famous author, '1984'. Until I walked out of that movie house, I didn't know what had spurned Orwell's mind in the creation of his dystopian society, but now I have a vague idea. Orwell wasn't afraid of being stalked by the government - he was terrified that future society would become the way it is today. I'm not referring to high-octane sexual fantasies, because we all have our own desires and it's not my place to judge. No, what Orwell envisaged, surely, is acting so terrible, movies so poorly made and producers so incompetent, that the likes of Hitchcock and Bogart are probably turning in their graves. With laughter. Fifty Shades of Grey is a mediocre work by a laughable author of FanFiction, meaning that without the abysmal Twilight series, the TRULY abysmal movie that I have suffered through today could not have existed. Someone get me a DeLorean and a Flux Capacitor; it's time to right a few wrongs.There is only one sure-fire way to improve this catastrophe and that is, quite literally, with fire. Burn it. Burn it all to ash and spread the cinders across the resting ground of Cthulhu. Without this worthy sacrifice, surely the monster will rise up to wreak havoc upon us deserving mortals. All in all, I have only one recommendation for the people who will, inevitably, be dragged (ironic term, given the movie) to the cinema/theatre to watch this complete abomination: therapy. Years and years of therapy. But avoid the groups. Once you see Mr. Grey's 'desires' for yourself, you'll probably be afraid to stand in the same room as another human being for, oh, several hundred millennia.And there's worse to come: rumours talk of a trilogy, to keep things up to speed with the 'books'. What's that sound? Oh, it's just the splatter of the blood I'm currently weeping. I'm sure that's unrelated...Right? Guys? Oh...As an active member of BDSM community, and having been a part of it for six years, I am appalled by the 'blockbluster romantic movie' that everyone deems to be 'romantic'. You take a Mary Sue - also known as Dakota Johnson to whom lacks the ability to a) bite her lower lip in a 'sexual' manner', let alone say her lines as if she's been acting for several years ( lets be honest here, she cannot act ) / Gary Sue - seen as the bearded wonder that was Jamie Dornan, a married man outside of his acting career with a child - situation that holds no evidence of sexual tension. The inability to further deepen the bond between Dominate and submissive was, how does one say it, horrible in effort. What appeared to be every 'womans' dream man became a man known for raping a woman purely because of his night terrors, a man to whom devoted taking the idea of BDSM and creating abuse rather than listening and allowing for someone - mind you, who had no sexual ID or preference until meeting him - who was about as 'vanilla' as the ice cream itself, to study and look at the idea of BDSM. To those whom have taken the books route and ventured into the dark abyss that is Wikipedia to figure out what BDSM is, needs to be caned. The author, herself, takes an already published series turned movie, and makes it into her own idea. A 26 year old billionaire? Unlikely in this day and age with the way the economy is. A college student with a rather unnerving need to say 'oh my' every other second? Really? Is THIS what writing as the point of view of a woman has come down to? It seems like, although we argue against it, and we say that we don't condone it, that the women whom have read this book, have seen this movie, will and have ignored that there is rape, non consensual sex, and heavy amounts of verbal and emotional abuse. Who really wants a man who is going to control their eating habits, sleep schedule and more? Certainly not I. To be frank, everyone knows this movie is going to gross millions upon its release; why? Because everyone is all hyped up to see a movie with little to no chemistry, to find that the 'unusual behavior' is just another way of life. We magnify all the little things in the world that we've yet to uncover, but BDSM should never be something in the movies, should never be written; especially by women in their 'mid life crisis' age with no idea what the sensation of a crop lashing at skin feels like.If you want good BDSM, or to understand it, there are people willing to discuss it, websites you can go on - although extremely sexual in nature - to figure out what true BDSM looks like, what it sounds like. When this book was written, it was evident that EL James did not do her own 'research'.All in all, it's a movie with no plot, with no true build to it with horribly written characters and nothing more. So why spend nearly good money seeing this sad mistake when you can spend that money on getting something to eat and staying inside? Complete and total thumbs down to the movie, the book, the series, and to the author.