It's not that I dislike romance anything but this has movie tries so hard to be some sort of acronym to the word "chick flick" that it ends up shooting you to death with it's intended love arrows. Now could it be that I can't relate the alleged lovers in this movie? I mean I wasn't born in the 30s, I'm not a soldier so I was never in any wars (haven't we seen enough WW2 stories by the way?) and of course I don't have any family as of yet. But surely the universal power love is something everyone can relate to? Especially when depicted by a movie that uses no other element to drive its plot. Think again, the definition of love shown in this film is so naive, sugar-coated and completely oblivious of anything in the real world that it makes Star Wars look like something from the Discovery channel.The so called "couple" in this film are only in love because the movie says they are, not because there's any sort of chemistry between the actors and not because the characters themselves even act like. Even Allie's alleged interest in painting felt so tacked on shallow and fake it made my head hurt. Speaking of Allie, it actually infuriates me to see the character acting like she has absolutely no control over her libido because the sex is just about the only thing the couple seems to have in common, and the only thing, aside from arguing, that they enjoy doing together. And yet this movie is supposed to be oh so romantic.It's by some small miracle that this movie got the raving reviews it did, luckily it seems most of those were given by teenage girls and their tool boyfriends (no Oscars or anything) so I don't have to completely give up on humanity yet. If one day your girlfriend suddenly shows up all lyrical about this movie and wants it to "share it with you" I'd strongly advise any guy to end that relationship pronto. Your girlfriend will obviously already have built up her own twisted fantasy of what a relationship should be like, a fantasy that no guy, live or dead, could possibly live up to. Stay away.Why this movie is rated so high is beyond me. Don't get me wrong: I'm a girl, love Ryan Gosling and was pretty much excited about watching the movie. Unfortunately, when this torture finally finished after two long and excruciating hours, I just couldn't help to think that this must've been the corniest piece of trash in the history of movie making. The lead actors in my opinion had zero chemistry, and Ryan Gosling really disappointed me as Noah. The diversity of facial expressions was basically nonexistent and the acting was bad. And what's up with the character of Noah? Was he supposed to act and sound like a psycho? Cause if he was, they did a hell of a job. Rachel McAdams was really pretty, and that's basically it. And the ending... Oh, the ending! It was so lame and unrealistic it made me gag. What's heartbreaking and sad about it is a mystery to me. I don't know, maybe I just can't see the grandness of The Notebook, but I certainly don't wish to come across it again.My wife and I watched The Notebook last night. Within ten minutes we were furious at how slow, cliché, and predictable it was. And then it just got worse and worse. It was so very very bad that we were actually drawn to watch in perverse, embarrassed horror as each scene plodded through stale, obvious dialog, and the actors tried to salvage what was obviously a terrible muddle by overacting. I can't begin to convey just how awful this movie is, in every sense. Leave aside the horrendously dull, cliché-ridden script, the terrible acting, the ham-fisted directing, the swelling tear-jerker music, and the incredibly obvious plot -- Even the freaking costumes were terrible. The fake facial hair looked like it was done by 3rd-graders. If movies are meant to fascinate, then this one did all right. I consider this the worst film I have seen in at least five years, but rarely if ever have I (and my wife) been compelled to stay all the way through such abysmal crap out of some sort of hilarious anger at how were were wasting our own time. I mean we were jumping on the couches ad screaming in warped glee as each predictable plot point was tediously checked off the director's checklist. All the way to the very last shot (in the backstory) of her coming back and them hugging in a swirl of stock sentimental string music -- OF COURSE SHE'S COMING BACK. And the front story? They, uh, die TOGETHER? My God. We could not stop howling. Was he even sick? No. He just died -- just because! Because it went with the sickeningly sweet music, I guess. Then I come here expecting to be vindicated and I find a bunch of comments by people who were actually taken in by this plodding, pathetic drivel. What in the world is up? I usually am with IMDb folks on their 7.8s, but man alive, folks, step away from the Kool-Aid.there are three things I look for in movies, quality acting, a good script, and originality of the story...this movie had none of these. Could it have been any more cliché? the only thing that impressed me was Allie's wardrobe and the car she was driving. I've seen better acting on lifetime! and so many unnecessary parts that are completely pointless. "A walk to remember" is about a hundred times better and it didn't get half the attention this movie did. If you're not aware already, it's based on a book by the same author as "the notebook". if you want to see a moving love story you'll be disappointed from this film unless you're 13...can't believe all the rave...it is not deserved...a total waste of my time...I'm sorry. This movie is one of THE Chick Flicks of our time, and I just hated it. I get angry when people begin to discuss it at parties. My eyes flash and roll, my pulse quickens, and my breath whooshes out in indignation. Rachel McAdams was absolutely brilliant in "Mean Girls", but she had no place in this role. Adorable dimples are not a good enough reason for casting. Ryan Gosling was appropriately creepy in "Murder by Numbers", but again, not right for this romantic role. Drippy dialog and weak acting aside, here was my main problem with the movie. He never tried to find her. Why did he send the letters to her home (where her disapproving mother was) instead of to her at school? Why did he never try to visit her at school or write to her at school? Why did she never try to write to him the entire time she was away at school? I could not buy the greatest love story of all times from these two, because they didn't even try. And unfortunately, neither actor won me over through the plot flaws.I can't believe someone agreed to make a film from this script. Everything is so blatantly obvious and no character goes through a journey. They are all one dimensional and boring. There is no suspension let alone any twists.Saying all this, the photography is good and the acting isn't that bad. Still this doesn't warrant 2 stars.Ah, yes, I'll just mention there are some uninspiring sex scenes and the film is also at least half an hour too long.If you want to see a great love story where you feel with he characters and don't know why or how until the end, check The English Patient."I am no one special. Just a common man with common thoughts. I've lead a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten. But in one respect I've succeeded as gloriously as anyone who ever lived. I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and for me that has always been enough."Right. Are you sure it was enough? For you still had to write a "gloriously" stupid book (and make a "gloriously" stupid movie based on it)! Not only stupid. Trite, empty, boring... A glorious disaster!The characters are dull! Noah is what? Manic-depressive? Manic in the first 5 minutes, and throughout the rest of the movie depressive. Does he even fit the elderly character (you know, the grandpa who winks to young nurses)? Of course not. On the contrary, Allie is always hysterical, and all I got to hear were her constant screams. She seems and sounds like she's trying to reanimate a dead person. (Noah?) That person would probably kill her after the outcome and then peacefully die again. I think she would do perfect in a role of the serial killer's principal victim. Explicit edition only!The music is simply unbearable!!!And what about the children? There is only one scene with the all three of them! How superficial does one need to be, to put them in only one scene, and have us believe that they are actually a big part of their grand love and happy fairy tale life? The daughter says "Dad come home, we miss you". But dad had more important issues. He loved mom so much that he had to call on the whole divine/ demonic/ extraterrestrial/ voodoo/etc gang to make them die together?! Touchy. Who cares about children anyway.And sooooooo many other bugs... Damn I don't even know why I'm writing this. I feel like one of Jeffrey Dahmer's zombies. Even that should feel better than being this numb after watching this piece of... you know what.The only good thing about this movie is Joan Allen's performance.I found this movie offensive, It's popularity is telling of the selfish delusional expectations and lack of consideration for anybody other than the couple, in fact the couples happiness should be at the expense of every other person, even when they are portrayed in good character.Unlike other "love story / chick flick" components to movies such as titanic etc, the guy she left, who she also happened to be unfaithful to, for her "true love", was portrayed as a nice guy throughout the movie. No sympathy was attributed to this guy even though his loss was at the expense of her.Another example of this was shown that the couple had 4 children ranging from young teen to adult. When the movie ended with the pair of them in bed both expiring at the same time, several people claim this was a happy event (a good way to go). Well it is for the 2 people, rather the one that would not have outlived the other and thus would not suffer the loss. However, they are not the only 2 people in the world, there were 4 children. I have had the misfortune of losing a parent. If I lost both at the same time, I don't think I would have thought that was such a happy event. This is another example of the focus on the "love / romance" at any cost to others. This happens in a lot of movies, but normally it happens less and the loss is to the "bad guy".It goes to show how most women in our society (primarily at a young age) will over value (to say the least) the "love / romance" (if you want to call it that) at the expense of anybody else's happiness - even when they are portrayed as good characters.What a predictably maudlin movie. Rather than list the clichés used here, it would be easier to list the clichés passed up.Here's one...give it 110%. This movie gives about 30% at best. The actors are sleepwalking so it seems. The only emotion in the movie (the awkward courtship/love scenes and Allie's annoying habit of squealing) are painful to watch.I only watched it to the end to make sure the two old fools died (everyone knew withing 15 minutes of the start what the situation was).Which makes it reminiscent of Titanic for me where I was hoping every minute after the first 60, that Leonardo DiCaprio would just die already....You may cry out due to complete boredom and instances of sudden outbursts of laughter due to this movie's all-round stupid and unrealistic plot. Just so sad to see two fabulous, classic actors accept supporting roles in a poorly written movie; with countless obvious mistakes, many being historical in nature; from a terrible book.I think if they had a different writing team, different researchers!, and ditched those two awful youth actors (who belong in teen flicks and those stupid giant lizard and shark movies on the Sci-Fi channel), the movie may have been good if the focus was on the late stages of their life and not the early. When they were young, it was all totally unrealistic cloudy rolls in the hay, giant rivers filled with birds and a wet sundress contest and pouty fights. But the roles Gena Rowlands and James Garner were totally different and could really make a wonder movie.The many historical flaws were very distracting. Such as her jewelry styles. The types of pearls a betrothed upper class girl at her age were totally wrong. Also the lack of progression of the fashions through the decade of their youth is wrong especially for someone w/ money.Unusually, I would say read the book, but that was just as bad. My recommendation is watch a different movie! Oh and I SO totally agree with dallas_viewer 's review! This person hit it on the nose! Also kj_justice 's review is spot on except for the Disney comment. Sappy Disney romance is one kind I always love! :-)