I did not want to watch this movie but took my wife to see it, because we both saw the one with Kris Kristofferson and Barbra Streisand, growing up. The crowd was a lot older than we were(we are almost 50) it was the biggest screen they had at our theater and seats a lot but it was maybe half full on Sunday afternoon. Not one dry eye in the place, it had a great tempo and didn't drag on or have any lulls in the story. We were both very pleased and are still engaging in conversations about the movie. It's my opinion to highly recommend to everyone go out and watch a great movie and a heartfelt movie that redefines love in this time and age we live in. That is my two cents, hope you enjoy as much as we have.A magnificent movie, captivating performances by Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga. The ultimate shock was how brilliant Lady Gaga was, we knew she could sing, but didn't have any idea just how far her acting talent stretches!
After watching that I can tell you it stretches far enough to earn her some Oscar gold. 
The movie is outstanding, the music is annoyingly perfect, the cast is great and everything shouts Oscar worthy movie. 
Ten out of ten!Bradley cooper and Lady Gaga collaboration on this remake of the classic A Star Is Born results in an outstanding movie and soundtrack that keeps you looking ofr more until the very end of the movie.This movie really touched my heart, it really is the best movie of the year and everyone should see this masterpiece. I was impressed by Gaga's acting skills, she deserves an Oscar! And her voice.... Omg she is so perfect, the song I Will Never Love Again is so majesticPoised to be an instant classic, almost everything about this film is phenomenal - the acting, the cinematography, the discography, etc.A movie that will take you to another world full of emotions. Lady Gaga is an amazing actress with impressive acting skills! The songs are pure art and her voice will give you chills, you'll just find yourself in tears! 
I don't need to talk about the legendary Bradley Cooper!! This is literally the best movie of 2018 
And one of the best Musical/Romance movies ever!Without any further doubt, Bradley Cooper truly delivers a topnotch, riveting, and outstanding directorial debut and performance that clearly speaks of magnificence and greatness. Despite the fact that A Star is Born has been retold several times in its iteration from 1937, 1954, and 1976, the excellent screenplay and direction clearly shows an effective and superb storytelling that can make an devastating and powerful impact while making itself as fresh as its own that serves as a contemporary modern musical classic for the modern generation. Even its depiction of depression, addiction, mental issues as well fame are well accurately portrayed. Clearly, this film blends well with emotion, love, inspiration and sensibilities.Lady Gaga is also incredibly remarkable within this film. Her knockout acting performance clearly blew anyone's minds and with her fantastic singing voice, elevates the great quality of the film. Sam Elliott has also given a memorable and exceptional performance. Even the chemistry of Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga are really off the charts and skyrocketed into a spectacular and amazing experience.Another remarkable qualities that the film presented with is the realistic and colorful cinematography and masterful editing but what truly shines above it all is the music and the songs as it's considered as the heart and soul of the film.This is definitely of the year's best film and will be worth remembered as a memorable musical masterpiece that will be a part of the classical musicals such as La La Land, Moulin Rouge!, and etc.I didn't expect this movie to be THAT HUGE. The movie is full of emotions and deep moments that I've found myself in tears. The songs are amazing, the act is amazing and I can say that this is movie of the yearHope this is not the last time we see Bradley direct and Gaga act.Both Lady Gaga & Bradley Cooper were able to show of their creative talents in this with the stunning songs in the soundtrack, Bradley's directional skills & Gaga's acting! I would definitely consider this to be one of those movies which you HAVE to watch. This movie will definitely remain timeless and will move you to tears :)