If I saw the movie now for the first time I know I probably will hate it, but the 11 year old me was so love struck with it. Honestly no movie these days makes me this happy anymore. Also I think this one (the first movie) is so much cinematically pleasing. I enjoy the dark blue rainy vibe & the shaky camera a lot. This movie is my guilty pleasure. 10 for the nostalgia feelings.Perhaps I Have to tell something so that people who hate this film do understand why I review like this. My Dad died in 2008 when Twilight aired. I watched the movie again and again. And today, I still watch it again and again. I always have problems when I read a book and they made a movie of it. Because most of the time the movie just sucks. But not with the Twilight movies. They are like the books, and this without a big budget. So if you have a hard time and you need a simple but nice movie to watch to leave into another world. Please watch this.Amazing acting and great story line, only problem is, it's fairly longIt's just a fantasy romance with a different take. I liked the movie to start with and now it is a guilty pleasure to rewatch repetitively.
I see good acting. It is hard to transfer this kind of book to the movies but it really works for me.
The amount of hate from some people is annoying. If your not into this kind of movie fine, but your judgement is useless to those who like these movies.I say boy's the Twilight Saga is way underappreciated ! I own all five films.
I didn't listen to the critics or the people that said their trash. I went and watched them for myself. I saw all five films in the theater.Then I bought all five Blu-rays but I have not watched them; they've been sitting in my Blu-ray pile for like 10 years :oops:The entire cast is made up of extremely attractive people physically , so theirs that.
I am total sap for a romantic star-crossed lovers story line and is element is the heart of the films.
There is all kinds of delicious Gothic and romantic melodrama.
I've never really been a huge fan of vampires in the horror genre but it's done extremely well in this series of films.
I've always been a huge fan of the Lycanthrope and there's plenty of Werewolf action.Twilight launched two bona fide movie stars in Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson.
No shame, straight-up love The Twilight Saga .I watched this movie in 2009 I guess and watched it so many times that I even remember the dialogues scene by scene now. It's an absolute favourite and will always come back to it to escape reality.I can't begin to tell you why I love the Twilight Saga Series so much. Because it appeals to a younger genre, it took me a while to get interested. But, once I did - I was hooked almost immediately. I have all the DVDs and almost all the Sound Tracks and Scores. Carter Burwell is amazing! Anyhow, having lived in Seattle for nearly 9 years probably swayed me just a bit. I can't say there is tremendous acting, but there is enough here and there that you start to form a "relationship" with the characters. I am probably an oddball, but I like Kristen Stewart, and have watched her in several films. I kind of wish they had cast her in Hunger Games, but that's just me. I have watched all 5 Twilight's now probably close to 100 times, and each time I try to find something to hate about it so that I'll stop this infatuation, but I just cannot. Call me old-fashioned, but there is just something about a good love story that gets me every time, and for the story to include a gawky, awkward little girl falling in love with a suave and gorgeous vampire - well, you got me! You can have the werewolves, just don;t find Taylor Lautner all that hot.This movie was perfect. I am a huge fan of the series and have been since Christmas of 2007. I have been excited to see this film since they announced it, and remember the very day that they cast Robert Pattinson as Edward. In my opinion, there is nothing about the movie that could have been improved, save making it a bit longer. I enjoyed every second, even though I went in with the very highest of expectations. As long as you don't nitpick (I heard people complaining that the Cullen house wasn't white in the film, or that Emmett was batting in baseball, not fielding) I am sure that people will enjoy this movie if they loved the book.As far as book to movie things go, here are my favourites: Girl with a pearl earring, Devil Wears Prada, The Secret Garden, Speak, Harry Potter 4 and 5 and any Jane Austen story.A good book to movie translation, like these and Twilight, doesn't keep every single part in the book, and in the same order. It keeps the same feeling of the story, the general idea that got people excited in the first place.Only a couple of things annoyed me, the special effects were a bit over the top. A couple of cringes here and there, but apart from that,I really loved this movie, and I look forward to the sequel next year. As New Moon's director, Chris Weitz, directed The golden compass, I think that the special effects will be a lot more improved with him.5 Stars.The movie Twilight is a love story about Isabella Swan and Edward Cullen. Bella moves to Forks, Washington to live with her dad after her mom moves to Jacksonville, Florida. Once Bella is in Forks she meets Edward Cullen and discovers that he is a vampire along with the rest of his family. She tells him that she is OK with the fact that he is a vampire. While playing baseball with Edward's family one day, the group of bad vampires, notice that Bella is a human and James, the one bad vampire, goes after her and starts to track her. Bella escapes to Phoenix, where she use to live, with Edward's brother Jasper and sister Alice, while the rest of Edward's family tries to distract James and get to him so he won't bother Bella. James gets Bella to come to a dance studio in Phoenix by making her believe he has her mom. Edward has to try and get to Bella in time to save her from Jasper. Once Edward is there, he realizes that James has bit Bella and has to decide whether or not to let her change into a vampire or suck the venom out of her blood. Bella and Edward have to fight throughout the whole movie to make their relationship work and he has to try to not kill her. I think that this movie follows the book very well, represents its genres well, and has a lot of good aspects in the film including the acting, lighting, and music.The movie Twilight is classified as a thriller and a romance. I think that the movie represents both genres very well. It could be classified as a thriller because there is a lot of action and fast paced scenes within the movie. I think the very beginning quote of the movie lets you know that it is a thriller. At the beginning of the movie Bella says, "I'd never given much though to how I would die. But dying in place of someone I love, seems like a good way to go. I can't bring myself to regret the decisions that brought me face to face with death." I think that this shows that it is a thriller because a lot of time thrillers have somebody dying or one of the main characters comes very close to dying. This lets the audience know that Bella is going to come "face to face with death" and sets the movie up to be a thriller. Also it fits a thriller because the end of the movie kind of leaves you wondering if Bella is going to turn into a vampire. I think that it fits the genre of romance very well too because the main storyline of the movie is the love story between Bella and Edward. I think when Bella and Edward are in the woods together and Edward says to her "And so the lion fell in love with the lamb," this is when their love story starts and then we get to follow their relationship throughout the whole movie. Also when Bella says in the movie "About three things I was absolutely positive: First, Edward was a vampire. Second, there was a part of him-and I didn't know how dominant that part might be-that thirsted for my blood. And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him," I think this quotes shows that this is not a normal love story, but that she was in love with him and would do anything to be with him. Therefore I think that Twilight fits both the genres thriller and romance because you can clearly see how it is both.I think there were a few aspects of the movie that could have used a little improvement. I think the director did a good job picking out the most important events from the book to put into the movie and did a good job with putting the movie all together. I think that overall the actors did a good job playing the roles of the characters. I think that the actor and actress who played Bella and Edward could have had a little more chemistry to make the film better and seem like Bella was more caring about the relationship and not look so uninterested all the time. I think that the lighting and colors of the film did a good job a representing the plot. The story took place in Washington where it always rains a lot, so the fact that it was gloomy or darker in most of the scenes was good. Also the fact that there were vampires in the movie made it seem like the scenes should have been darker and gloomier than in just a normal romance movie. In my opinion the music in the film was very good. I think the songs they choose for the film were not your ordinary real happy upbeat song. I think these songs fit the movie though because the movie overall was gloomier and darker and I thought the music and scores fit the movie very well. I also think like that they didn't use ordinary songs because Edward and Bella's relationship wasn't ordinary.Overall I loved the movie and have watched it over and over again. I think it is a good change from all the normal love stories where there are things stopping the people from being together like somebody else or other repeated scenarios that keep them apart. This also has a lot of action and keeps you on the edge of your seat while watching it unlike most over romances and love stories. I would recommend this to anybody who loves romance stories or just out of the ordinary scenarios. In my opinion I think it is better to read the book before watching the movie because you get a lot more details and now what is going on a little better in the film.