One word sums up this film "Perfection". That's it really!! I saw this film in 1987 when it was released and was completely blown away and like Baby I fell in love with Johnny and Patrick Swayze. It has such classic lines as "I carried a watermelon" and "Nobody puts Baby in the corner" and too many others to mention. I loved the story, the characters, the setting, the dancing, and well … the music was phenomenal not one bad song in the whole soundtrack. It just shows that you don't have to spend a fortune to make a great film. Thank you to the cast and crew for making such a wonderful film which makes me smile like a Cheshire cat whenever I watch it.This is one of those rare rare films that needs a 30 year break between the time of production and the time of the review in order to appreciate it.Since 1987 I have seen this film 7 or 8 times. Each time it just gets better. As a Prolific Review here on the IMDb, I can count on the fingers of one hand the number of films that improve with age like that.This is literally the original "feel good" dance film -- which spawned dozens if not hundreds of imitations. The script is perfect. The acting is perfect. The casting is perfect. The direction is perfect. And the music score is to die for.Nobody puts Baby in a corner? Well, nobody should ignore this film either! Also has an odd note of the "one hit wonder" label about it, which in my view only makes it more of a treat than it already is.Swayze's career was unfortunately cut short. Jennifer Grey, who practically made this role a part of her DNA, had a nose job and (the cynics say) lost a lot of later roles because the casting directors were afraid no one would recognize her. And the brilliant writer/Producer Elenor Bergstein for whom this was a labor of love (there was a documentary on this) also seemed to hang up her spurs when production wrapped.The IMDb rating is a joke. This is no less a classic in its genre than Maltese Falcon or the Matrix.See it, rent it, buy it. But don't forget it.I don't really know what it is about Dirty Dancing.. there is some sort of absolute magic in this movie.. I cannot possibly recount the hundreds (yes, hundreds)of times I've watched it, beginning to end... but every time I do come upon it on TV, I am entranced and mystified and sit myself down and there I am, for two hours, loving the movie as if I'm watching it for the first time. Although Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey absolutely hated each other throughout the making of this film, they possess a beautiful chemistry on the set.. it makes the viewer enjoy it that much more, to see this passion and commitment.. and I can't help tearing up a tiny bit at the end, when Patrick comes up to the Houseman family and tells her dad, "Nobody puts Baby in a corner". (classic moment) For all those people who believe this movie is corny and sappy, maybe in a way it is, but it was the penicle of the 80's films, and put Patrick Swayze right on the map; his performance was immaculate. Three Cheers for Dirty Dancing !!Ps- The soundtrack is fantastic, an absolute masterpieceThis movie has stood the test of time. Jennifer Grey and Patrick Swayze make movie magic with the sultry dance moves. The choreography and the music make this a ride you will not want to get off of. Now considered a cult classic, it has spawned a television series, Broadway production and most recently a remake (that was horrific). Fantastic piece of celluloid history that ought to be revisited every now and again.I'm Male-and yes i am straight! but this doesn't stop making this film one of my all time favourite films!I'm also convinced i'm not alone! I know for a fact there are blokes out there that either admittedly or secretly enjoy watching and love this classic film! (Not just English/British men-but men world wide!) and rightly so...nearly 18 years on, and this film is STILL watched and enjoyed- world wide, and people are still able to relate to it.I know all the words i've seen it that many times!Most of my dance moves i use for work-are taken from this film!There's so much energy.In fact it is my firm belief, if people were brought up thinking watching these types of films are deemed as 'cool' and OK to watch the world would be a slightly better place to live.An enjoyable film that doesn't make you want to go out into the world and cause havoc and heartache-do drugs or get into gun crime (coz its classed as being 'cool')this films makes you want to find a girl-that you can love and feel that special feeling felt in this film.It also makes you want to go out and enjoy yourself by simply Dancing!It's free,Legal and makes you feel good-while keeping you fit and healthy-not forgetting FUN! In my opinion, the films main two themes are 'LOVE', the true love story between Baby and Johnny (Jennifer Gray and Mr Swayze) (compared to Baby's sister's relationship-where she was just used for sex) plus classic Music. Yes music! The type you can really dance to! Every song on the soundtrack is fantastic! In true cheesy Dj style, i still play all the old classics from the soundtrack (especially 'Time of my life')and is still goes down a treat every single time! You just can't stop yourself! Anyway-everyone has wrote hundreds of reviews, and has pretty much summed up this film and explained the story...all thats left to say is....If you haven't seen this film yet...go treat yourself, buy the DVD (you can get if for an average of £5 or less (British pounds) Roughly 9 American Dollars (i think!)It's well worth it, and highly recommended.If, you enjoy the film-please go out and buy one of the 'Dirty Dancing' soundtracks- especially the Ultimate Dirty Dancing (released in the UK 2004 in celebration of the films anniversary- as it contains all of the songs and is digitally remastered. (I got my second personal copy from the British supermarket 'Tescos' for an amazing £6! (For anyone 'Up North' try 'Music Zone' as its only £6 in there too!Anyway-cheers for taking the time to read this-i'm sorry i went on a bit! If your planning on seeing this film for the first time...enjoy! And as everyone else has said-very cheesily! Try and have THE TIME OF YOUR LIFE!I will go as far to say 10/10. Highly enjoyable-with lots of energy. Makes yo wanna move like Swayze and Gray!This timeless summer love story is a classic and will never be dated. I can't even count how many times I've seen Dirty Dancing. This is one movie that I could probably watch every few weeks and still love.There is something timeless about this movie. I have loved other "blockbuster love story movies" like Pretty Woman and when Harry met Sally. I think their up there but there is something about Dirty Dancing that just makes it absolutely perfect. The characters, the chemistry between Swaze and Grey, the movie's direction, the INCREDIBLE dancing, the warm summery atmosphere, everything about dirty dancing is absolutely perfect. It is an instant classic and I've never really seen a movie like it either before or since.I don't think there is one particular element that makes this movie so loved but many things, a lot of which are mentioned by numerous reviewers. Dirty Dancing has a nostalgic, languid, summery mood, realistic characters, a relateable honest message coupled with incredible music and dancing, and the one of the best dance sequences cinema has ever given us. This movie is always on TV and I will continue to watch it as long as they show it. But I WILL mention I have no interest in seeing "Havanna Nights", this one they should have left alone.I have been waiting to see this film for ages and I finally have! As soon as I heard the title I knew that this film would be my favourite film ever and when I saw it believe me I wasn't disappointed!This film had everything dance, love and Patrick Swayze! There was so much in it and it dealt with important issues, (that were at the time, 1960's) , such as abortion.The dancing in this film was fantastic, just like the acting was! Swayze was brilliant just like Grey was too!Although this film was absolutely fantastic you cannot say that you have seen it if you haven't seen the last scene. It really does take your breath away as the whole choreography of the last dance was done brilliantly, it had you dancing at the end of the film and it really wouldn't surprise me if it influenced people to take up dancing!Overall Dirty Dancing is a film NOT to be missed and even if half the actors are in the: "Where are they now?" period the actors will always have this superb film in their career!As a person in an intellectual field, stating that my favourite movie is Dirty Dancing does not come with kind looks.  I, however, have never been more mesmerized and taken by a movie before or after this one.  Everything is perfectly placed and the subtle details entwined in the major scenes are excellent: I will always consider the car scene after Baby and Johnny's dance at the Sheldrick to be one of the most masterful cinematic scenes in film history.But, alas, all Dirty Dancing fans know that the only reason they watch the movie is for the last scene. Everything building up to it is necessary and, consequently, moving . . . but that scene leaves me breathless and goosebumped to this day.Do not avoid this movie because it is seemingly a superficial teenage romance.  It is not; on the contrary, it is a beautiful picture about life, hardships and of course, love.I viewed this movie for the first time last night and I enjoyed every aspect of it –the dancing, the acting, the dialogue, the plot, the script and the whole atmosphere that this movie created. I would highly recommend it.Jennifer Grey gives an absolutely wonderful and first class performance in her role as Frances (Baby) Houseman. She has a natural ability and flair for dancing and she is beautiful and enchanting on the dance floor. But what is wonderful about Baby is that she has such a wonderful depth and dimension to her character. This is not simply a movie about dancing but the scriptwriters have also given us a chance to see Baby deal with the various emotions and feelings that she is experiencing throughout the movie and to allow us an insight into how her interaction with others at the camp changes her life. Grey portrays her character with such realism and poignancy that you end up feeling deeply for Baby as she experiences all she does in this movie.Patrick Swayze is magnificent in his role as Johnny and truly succeeds in making his character come alive. He gives his character a comprehensive personality, strong appeal and great depth. The chemistry between Swayze and Grey is enchanting and powerful and contributes significantly to the great success of this movie Cynthia Rhodes is great in her role of Penny and her portrayal of the ordeal that she experiences is truly powerful and contributes a frightening dimension to the film. The other members of the supporting cast –Jerry Orbach and the late Mark Cantor deserve a special mention here-also give wonderful and imaginative performances that gives this movie an additional dimension of high quality acting and believability that is wonderful to experience. The dancing is magnificent and first class on the part of all involved. The script and interaction between all the major characters is intriguing and engages the viewer in a powerful fashion. The plot, although exceedingly predictable, is given more than enough life and vitality to make this movie successful. Furthermore the wonderful selection of music contained in this movie creates a truly magical atmosphere and very nostalgic environment that enhances the quality and success of all the various scenes.`Dirty Dancing' is a truly powerful, magnificent and very appealing movie that leaves you deeply touched and with a wonderful feeling in your heart and soul and an inspiration to dance. I highly recommend itThis is the best movie ever, but that is my opinion. Some say it's cheesy but I think it is truly a beautiful film. The chemistry between Jennifer Grey and Patrick Swayze it's like no other I have ever seen, and that is what makes the film so perfect. I always wonder what would have been of this film if these two actors never existed, because not just one them did it for me, they both did. If you have never seen this film, when you do you will understand what I mean. Dirty Dancing looks like it was done from the heart and it feels so real for some reason, like magic- and the soundtrack LOVE IT. Besides the 2 lead actors the soundtrack makes the film the beauty that it is. As you can tell I am in love with this film, and I know you will be too.