Endgame is a much less interesting and visually engaging movie than Infinity War. I don't understand all the crazy hype and 8.8 on imdb is stupid, this is why I'm giving it one star, to mitigate the stupidity.As everyone expected, remaining avengers use time travel to try to fix things, yet even for a marvel movie the time travel science is confusing and ridiculous, as well as shown in a very boring way. I've seen low budget movies that had better grasp on the scientific, logical and visual aspect of time travel.The whole point of endgame is to resurrect the fallen avengers and other trillions of creatures across the galaxy, yet while doing it avengers end up losing irrevocably even more important members of the team, and the whole thing looks ill-conceived.A lot of time is spent on meaningless conversations, while the devastation Thanos caused across the galaxy is barely shown, negating the past and current sacrifices of avengers.I left Infinity War wanting to see how the story ends.
I left Endgame feeling that I should've waited for it to come out on Netflix. This movie was a joke,average superhero movie where the heroes win and everyone's happy, hounestly zero dialogue this whole thing is just liked because marvel is ending, this movie made people "cry"?really?the only thing that made me cry was my money I spent on seeing this garbage, thor was ruined along with hulk, thanks was dumber down,and capitain marvels horrible scenes were pain full to sit through,hounestly I'm glad people are coming to their senses and rating this movie lower now that they rewatch it, it's full of plot holes and the time travel is embarrassing lazy writing that's a disgrace to real time travel movies,besides the hype this movie had nothing it was 100% hypebased in fact I dont think anyone acctually paid attention to the movie, the ending was extremely predictable and the final battle was bland with the only background colors being brown and destroyed ships so disapointing after the amazing movie that showed that superhero movies can be more then saving the day and the bad guys losing There are endles topics, the sci-fi universe could be so immensely diverse, but only the pure greed and the striving for money making lets us 1v1 with THIS.Why dont we take the top Nebula/Hugo winning scenarios? Because we obviously perceive our viewer through the prism of arrogance and dont evend dare to waste corporate budgets on something worthy.Such a waste of time, ressources and such a stamp on Marvel.Bad, just bad. This is hopefully the end of this long standing, inconsistent, money spinning series. And it's also the worst of them all. First hour or so...one or two fight scenes. The rest is back slapping in jokes that you'd have to memorise all the other films to get, long drawn out pointless 'science' scenes or 'hilarious' takes on each characters' past dislike of each other (didn't two used to fancy each other? It's like that never happened), and oh yeh the characters all change...like all the time. Remember when this one was bad and this one was good? Not anymore! And what is with their hair?! At the initial meeting to discuss the film concept did someone just say "hair. Too benign. Let's jazz that up a bit" because it's as if one of the Avengers is Vidal Sassoon all of a sudden.This should be buried in a pit for future generations marked "stop watching after Age of Ultron" Waste of money and time full of depressive heroes who cry like little babies for 5 full years. The prior is 100 times better than this crap with mediocre lines, but I guess that this is what the masses ask for... Cheap dialogs, non sense violence. The only thing the movie has to offer is explosions. Is it really that hard to make quality superhero movies? Look at Christopher Nolan's series of Batman movies, those are quality films. This movie is flat, it can be consumed as fast food, nothing to offer really Overated, boring nonsense! Infinity war set me up for what I thought was going to be the best marvel movie ever but end game felt like it was trying too hard to please everyone! Instead of just being a really good marvel movie.
The plot holes were a big part of the disappointment for me. As a huge fan of marvel I can say that the characters I know and love that I expected to see in the grand finalé of a 22-movie saga, where nowhere to be found. Fat Thor was played off for jokes too much. Captain America was more Thor than actual Thor. Professor hulk was just a boring character. Thanos was nothing like how he was in the infinitely superior "Infinity War". Time travel rules was just cheap writing. An easy way out of a complex predicament crafted by two people with minimal creative abilities. The plot was littered with holes and just boring. This movie was not exciting. One of my biggest problems was the stupid one-liners and cheap jokes. This movie was not meant to be funny. There is room for humor, but there also needs to be room for plot and suspense and seriousness. Another of my biggest problems was cap lifting mjolnir. I have no problem with him lifting it. But it was anti-climactic. Good idea, but butchered in execution. I don't say this lightly or out of arrogance or vanity, but I, as a 15 year old kid could have created a better movie. Also, the greatest part of the film: Joe Russo got cast as the gay extra in his own movie. It was extremely disappointing. Crammed every politically correct them down your throat. How can Marvel, the Russo brothers as well as the scriptwriters go from delivering the best superhero movie ever made, Avengers Infinity War, to offering such trite tosh as Endgame? I was so disappointed that I almost threw up. I suspect at the end of the day they ran out of ideas and thought its gonna be a great way to fool us fans by offering us the final movie to make an extra billion by putting together what seemed like the worst outtakes of a b unit.! Worst movie i saw this year boring mess,plot holes,too cheesy,bad writing I did not care for a single second of what was really happening. Too much emphasis on certain characters while others are left in just to make it seem more "epic". Hulk was the only character of any entertainment value. I was more entertained by the audiences reaction to certain scenes than the actual film. The scene where Black Widow dies, the girl behind me whispered to her friend: "Is she dead?" Like no s*** you just saw her fall of a cliff and slam on the ground.Besides the 30 minute battle, how they handled Tony Stark's death was well done, especially the funeral. If they ended on that long shot showing all the characters, then I would of liked it a little more, but it just kept going.It bored me to death. I only saw it because on how it was considered a "cinematic event" to most. To the lovers of film, I really don't recommend it. Just wait for the final battle to be put up on YouTube or something and watch that. One of the best comic book movie villains was ruined.
Who writes this thing? Time travel? Really? Result:
Film full of plot holes.
Unsatisfying deaths of main characters Tony and Natasha.
Previously cool - now ruined characters Thor and Hulk.
I feel like Thanos today. What they did to Hulk and Thor was disgusting. The best action Hulk had was handing tacos to Antman. They turned him into taco Tuesday Hulk with no redemption or rematch for Thanos.Fat alcoholic self pity Thor was not funny and for a demi god he turned out to be league bowler from crap town Ohio. Appalling and gross! Oh, support group Cap was another miss. They turned the women into men and the men into women straight up Hollywood style. 👎👎 I really liked Infinity war,but endgame is so much boring.
Thor and Hulk were totally wasted.Average CGI and actions.Some dialogues felt forced and totally
unnecessary.I expected more from marvel.
The Infinity war ending was much better and epic.I will take endgame as an alternate ending The last Avengers ended with a philosophically valid dilemma. Stop the overpopulation of all worlds by halving the population in the universe in order to save humans and other species. The only mention of environment in Endgame was Captain America stating "a pod of whales was seen in the Hudson, if you want to look at the bright side" to which Black Widow replies "I will throw this sandwich at you". Yup, that's as deep as that conversation went. Immediately they were back to the tired old 'save humanity from evil Thanos' plot. The world is portrayed as a complete shambles with Thanos' reduced population measures. It would have been far more interesting to show the positive changes of having fewer people in the richness of the planet, thriving of other species as well as our own. But no, that is completely ignored and the ecosystem crushing population returns. Very generic plot, disappointing. I had to give this 1 star as it's not possible to give it less. Having avoided it at the Cinema because i knew it was a lost cause i finally watched it tonight......
Why does Thor have 2 functioning eyes? Having been told in Guardians of the galaxy that no one can hold an infinity stone and survive, suddenly everyone can now hold one? Where is the continuity in these films? Luckily this is the last we will ever see of this franchise! Until someone decides to do a remake as there are no original ideas anymore. J.J.Abrams you now have more films to ruin 👍🏻 Ant man didn't even go up thanos's ass. i sat through three hours of movie and paul rudd did not go up purple alien butthole It was a long time ago that i saw a movie this bad. It was a mix of Grease, Dirty Dancing and Star Wars combined. The endless tear-pulling scenes with heavy music and long faces. Storylines bouncing from left to right. At one point all wizards, superheros and comic heros came out of nowere to help fight the bad guy. It made no sense whatsoever. You have to be under 11 to appriacte this story. Sesame Street is a philosophical and deep story in comparison to this bad excuse for a movie. I want to start out saying I love all the Marvel movies leading up to Endgame. I loved Infinity War because it seemed to be setting up a terrific conclusion to the original 6 Avengers story arc's. I was very wrong. Let's start with Tony's Arc. In Ironman 1 Tony is told you are a man who has everything and nothing. In Ironman 2 we find out his dad was distant and cold to him, and in ironman 3 he is getting panic attacks because he thinks it's up to him to save the world from all threats. So in Endgame he finally gets everything that's important. He becomes a Dad and husband and... was proven right by having to die saving the universe himself? Why? Because we are supposed to believe Tony can't retire? Of course he can. Didn't he say to Steve in AoU "isn't that why we fight so we can end the fight? So we can go home?" Tony wanted to retire. Tony's arc should have been about being a good dad like his father never was and finally becoming the man who has everything important. He should have learned that he doesn't have to do it all on his own. Team work should have won the final battle. What's the point of finally getting all the Avengers together if it's left to one man to sacrifice himself to save everyone? Tony's ending was not satisfying and it was not the end they have been building towards from the beginning. Now let's talk about the real tragedy in this movie. Steve Rogers character. We know he is a good man who always does what he believes is right. He calls Home the Avengers facility and says he can't ignore a situation that's headed south. He loved Peggy but found out she had gotten married and had a happy life and he tried moving on with her niece. This storyline was ignored which was ok because most of Steves storyline in the MCU has been about saving Bucky. You remember him right? Steve didn't seem to for the entire movie. Instead of thinking about Sam and Bucky and all the people they are going to save if their plan works when they find Thanos in the beginning of Endgame Steve's just looking at the Peggy compass that he hasn't looked at in at least 3 movies. Why? So we can all forget about his actual character development and think it's a great ending when he goes back in time to be with Peggy. I'm just going to ignore all the plot holes associated with Steve going back in time and just focus on the character assasination this commits. This means the same guy who says he can't ignore a situation headed south, who never ran away from a fight, who said I'm with you till the end of the line" to Bucky is just going to live out his life in the past never saving his friend from being a brain washed assassin, never saving his other friends parents from being killed by his best friend, never stopping any of the thousands of bad things he would know are going to happen? That's not Steve. The writers never let Steve get a personal life. He never found someone after Peggy and he never had anything except the Avengers. He was the one that was set up to die. The final battle starts with what is probably the most epic scene in comic book movie history but fizzles our soon after. Doctor Stranges plan makes no sense. How was this the only way they could win? Why couldn't Captain Marvel snap? Why couldn't captain Marvel just fly the gauntlet to another galaxy? Why couldn't Doctor Strange open a portal and drop the gauntlet on some random planet? In Infinity War why didn't Doctor Strange use his portal to go to Wakanda and tell Thor to aim for the head. The characters powers were very inconsistent for the first time in the MCU. Why was Thanos with no infinity stones able to fight Mjolnir and Storm Breaker but Thanos with all 6 stones would have lost to Storm Breaker if Thor would have just aimed for the head? Why can Captain Marvel fly through a huge spaceship 10 times but she gets knocked out after one punch from Thanos? Why does no one attack Thanos at the same time as someone else? Where's the big team up? You would think getting everyone together for the first time would have been the only way to defeat Thanos, but you'd be wrong because it's all about Tony stark. Even Steve picking up Mjolnir means nothing really because it has no affect on the end of the battle. Thor and Steve could be taken out of this movie and nothing would change. They do nothing of importance. This movie seems so disconnected from Infinity War that it's boggles my mind how this movie has the same writers and directors as Infinity War and it was filmed at the same time as Infinity War. How can you get one so wrong and the other so right? It seems clear to me that the writers and directors decided that Tony was dying and Steve was going back to the past no matter how much their story suffered from doing it. It's like they had a check list of things to put in the movie without actually making a good story that fit in with the rest of their movies. This is by far the most dissapointing ending to anything I've ever looked forward to. I had to take several breaks, walk the dogs, play videogames and clean the house, while watching this absolutely ridiculous and nonsensical pile of rubbish and now afterwards, I'm asking myself why I put myself through such suffering. To what end. I guess I was hoping there would be one scene or at least one line that put a smile on my face or made me feel anything at all except extreme pain and boredom. There wasn't any of that unfortunately, so I just wasted three hours of my life I could have spent on basically anything else and it would have been more worth while. I can't decide which one was more painful to watch, this or Aquaman? Both equally and utterly disappointing I guess. This was probably one of the worst movie I have seen, even on the Marvel scale. How can they take so many talented actors and make this non-sense? I laughed every time emotional drama came. Instead of tears, I was was feeling pity for myself. I hope this is really the endgame. But I doubt. Not sure what all the fuss is about. It's no way an all-time top ten film Spectacle and nothing else
as fans said here its meant to be for them but even they dont like it
totally undermines the excellent previous movies for too much fanservice and useless plot threads that go nowhere
sadly ive seen this movie twice and regretted it both times
such a slack way to wrap up what was mostly a good-excellent run of movies 