For film fanatics like myself, Blade Runner 2049 is a great film for people to see, regardless if they've witnessed the original or not. On the other hand, if you've never seen the original Blade Runner and are just a casual moviegoer that have thought of the promotion for this film as being an action-packed thrill ride, then I'd have to warn to stay far away from this near three hour motion picture. It's very hard to review this film without getting into specific plot details, but that's exactly what makes this film worth the price of admission alone. For nearly every reason a film fan should be excited about a movie, here is why Blade Runner 2049 is a must see as soon as possible. Before dropping you into this world with Ryan Gosling's character, there is text at the beginning that will fill you in on the history of the events in the past, but even though that information is given to you, your experience just won't be the same without having viewed the first film multiple times and remembering the emotional core of it. Set out on a mission to find something of meaning to the overall story, Ryan Gosling's character (who will remain nameless for the sake of this review) uncovers mysteries and secrets from the past, inevitably involving Rick Deckard. Quite honestly, that's the plot in a nutshell and the specifics of the film will lead to ruining your experience, so let's get technical. If not for anything else, Blade Runner 2049 benefits from some of the best cinematography I've laid my eyes on in years. From the addition of the seamlessly blended visual effects, to the mind- blowing scenery constructed by the entire art department, I have nothing but praise for this film. Whether or not you find yourself enjoying your experience, the visuals alone should have you applauding, due to their incredibly detailed nature. I personally found the overall film to be magnificent, but when certain scenes were dialogue-free and asking you to gasp at the imagery, that's exactly what I was doing, as I feel many audiences members will. Again, without giving anything away, once Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) enters the picture, the way both films sort of interconnect was brilliant in my opinion. It does justice to any loose ends that fans may have wanted in the past, as well as create a new story to gawk at in the process. With a terrifically restrained performance by Ryan Gosling, you'll find yourself sucked into this world as a fly on the wall, as he uncovers these mysteries. With the addition of Harrison Ford giving one of his most sincere and memorable performances, as well as Ana de Armas in a role that really took me by surprise, this film was casted to the nines from beginning to end. Some may complain about Jared Leto and Dave Bautista not being included as much, but I felt as though the served the story quite nicely. In the end, this movie aims to impress Sci-Fi fans across the world, but I feel as though the people who will be looking back on this as a possible classic or at least one of the best sequels ever made, are those who've had the pleasure of indulging in the greatness that is 1982's Blade Runner. I don't say this about films very often, especially when talking about sequels, but I haven't been this immersed in a theatrical experience in quite some time. This is definitely a superior film than the original, it's one of the best films of 2017, and I'll be revisiting it very soon. Blade Runner 2049 is getting a lot of praise and awards consideration from critics and filmgoers across the world, and every bit of it is deserved. Aside from being very long, this is pretty much a perfect film if you don't try to nitpick how it connects and certain questions that aren't blatantly answered. If you know what type of film you're in for, or you've at least seen the original and enjoyed it, I can't recommend this movie enough. Denis Villeneuve, you magnificent world wonder, you did it again!I have seen this film three times in the cinema, in 3D, 2D and 4DX.And one of the things i have noticed with this film, is that it's not the time in the cinema that takes up my time, It's the hours upon hours in between spent thinking about the film, that is the real time consumer. This film left such a deep and profound impact, which i cannot escape. And I've gone back to the cinema twice to be "tortured", but it's worth it.It's a dark, mysterious, grim, hopeless, sad and lonely film, set in a possible near future where the human race is hanging by their fingertips on the edge of doom. So it's quite depressing. But it's so brilliantly put together, the closest master of cinema i think of that has done something similar, is Stanley Kubrick.Many Stanley Kubrick films were also "hated" by many when they first released. "2001: A Space Odyssey" for example, which had gorgeous visuals, but felt flat and hollow for many, even professional reviewers back then. But what Kubrick did best with his films, was to create afterthought. People left the cinema feeling confused and even depressed, but the movies planted a seed which then grew for years. The original Blade Runner also accomplished this. BR2049 is no exception, this movie will without doubt live on to be interpreted, analyzed and discussed for decades to come. The story continues from the original, but stands completely on it's own, it tells a new story that directly interlink with the original, but without trying to be a copy, it's a natural continuation in the same universe. You don't have to see the original Blade Runner first, though i do recommend it, see the final cut.BR2049 has some of the most gorgeous visuals i have ever seen, and the cinematography is out of this world, there is literally no excuse not to give Roger Deakins the Oscar this time. After 13 nominations he has now knocked the ball out of the park and is this year in his own league entirely. It's confusing to look at something so gorgeous, whilst painting a picture of such a sad and lost world. It sort of collides with your senses, your eyes say it's beautiful, your mind say it's depressing. Which senses are you going to believe? What does it mean? At least don't confuse feeling depressed as a sign that this movie is bad, it's nothing wrong feeling depressed, take it in, embrace it. Then you will know how it feels to be a replicant that's trapped in a caged mind.BR2049's story happens 30 years after the original, and there is three short films on Youtube i recommend you watch. These short films describes some of what happened in between 2019 and 2049. Watching them makes it slightly easier to understand some of the things going on. But the underlying theme is the same as it was in the original. What does it mean to be human? What does it mean to have memories? What is a soul? And so on.The world has gone darker in 2049, climate is spinning out of control, almost all animals and plants have died. People are desperate and lost, law enforcement can barely keep anything together, and only a small spark can set of total disaster, which is looming just around every corner. Niander Wallace has taken over Tyrell Corp and has by the time 2049 takes place designed millions of obedient replicants that does exactly what he tells them to do. But there is one thing Wallace has not been able to perfect, and that's what the main story is all about, and Wallace will do anything in his power to get his hands on the "technology", which will result in him becoming many hundred times richer and more powerful, the sole ruler of the entire universe. He is so far gone in his mind by 2049 he actually believes he is god himself, and he calls his replicants angels.And of course he also uses replicants to do his "dirty work". In 2049 we meet his right hand "girl" Luv (Brilliantly played by Sylvia Hoeks, if there is one actor in this movie that steal the show, it's her). Luv is a "handygirl" so to speak, that perform whatever task she is set to do, with no remorse. Or is that entirely true? I can't spoil anything, but look closely at Luv's character arc. All the other actors also do an outstanding job in this film, no bad performances, but i can't talk about all of them due to the word limit in these reviews.Be prepared going to see this film, it's depressing and heavy on your mind, and it demands your full attention. It's one of those rare films who dares to challenge the audience, and by doing so, taking a huge risk, and a 155 million dollar risk at that. The film isn't perfect, but it's close, and it shows the tremendous skills of Denis Villeneuve. And those few mistakes this movie have, are probably just happy little accidents as Rob Ross would have put it. This film is very much like a painting, every stroke of the brush matters, and every little detail is carefully crafted, it takes monumental skills to pull it of.I loved this film, it's the best film I've seen all year, It is a must see, a monumental triumph of a film that's just as good (possibly even better) as the original and one of the best sequels of all time!9.7/10 - MasterpieceAnd BTW Villeneuve's next movie might be Dune, imagine if he brings Deakins and the rest of this team to make that movie. Yeah, I'm going to leave you with that thought. This is basically porn. Let me start by saying that I am a huge Denis Villeneuve fan and absolutely love every movie he made, from his breakthrough drama 'Incendies' to the action thriller 'Sicario'. But when I learned that he was going to make a sequel to Ridley Scott's iconic Blade Runner I had mixed feelings. Would he be able to live up to the expectations and make a sequel that could measure itself with the original? For this reason, I went into the cinema thinking ''This will be a great movie, I am a Villeneuve fan so I have to like it'' but that was a mistake, for once I stopped expecting and just started experiencing the film, I was enchanted by all of its visual beauty. I was wrong to doubt Villeneuve; his 'Blade Runner 2049' even succeeds in transcending in some ways the original masterpiece, especially as a visual experience. The bleak dystopian future Scott so perfectly created is even more beautiful in Villeneuve's 2049, for which a lot of credit has to be given to the brilliant director of photography Roger Deakins, who has made one of his best works (which says a lot). Every shot is brilliant, I loved every single frame and I cannot imagine that he wouldn't get nominated and win an Oscar for this phenomenal work. But also a big thumbs up has to be given to the entire effects team, for Deakins didn't do it all on his own. Deakins isn't the only mastermind at work, for the score is also beautifully done. When I learned that composer Jóhann Jóhannsson (someone who has collaborated multiple times with Villeneuve and did most of the scores for his movies) got fired I was surprised; Jóhannsson has always delivered great work, but according to Villeneuve, his score ''wasn't the right one'' for this movie for it didn't ''resemble Vangelis soundtrack for Blade Runner'' quite enough. So he got replaced by probably the best man in the business nowadays; Hans Zimmer. And as we are used to with the German composer, this was once again sublime and a great homage to the original. Zimmer's 2049 score can be compared to his Dunkirk score, in a way that it unsettles us from the first chord and just as the Second World War movie, it keeps us on the edges of ours seats, especially during the last hour.As for the people who are actually situated in front of the camera, they all play their parts very well. I was especially happy that Ryan Gosling's agent K was indeed the leading man and he did a very good job. I was slightly concerned that it would mostly be about Harrison Ford's Deckard, but luckily that wasn't the case. Nevertheless, Ford gives one of his best performances in years and after all the iconic roles he played once again in recent years (Han Solo, Indiana Jones) this is by far the best. The smaller but important roles are also noteworthy; Robin Wright's Lieutenant Joshi makes a fierce and convincing police chief, while the villain duo Jared Leto's Neander Wallace as the evil head of a corporation at the top of the new world order and his frightening hit-woman Luv (Sylvia Hoeks) are also very impressive. Last but not least, Ana de Armas is also very good as Joi, K's girlfriend (even if she does remind me a lot of Scarlet Johansson in 'Her' and slightly of Alicia Vikander in 'Ex Machina', but maybe that's something Villeneuve did that on purpose and wanted to pay homage to these recent but also very good science-fiction movies).That said, Villeneuve will receive most of the credit, as he should. For unlike most of Hollywood's blockbusters nowadays, he doesn't simply deliver us a spectacle with some nice effects or a reboot of the original, but he picks up the threads where Scott left, which was a monumental task, for the original 'Blade Runner' is one of the most impressive and iconic movies ever made. 2049 continues on the same topics raised by the original, making the sequel worth the 35-year long wait; it goes further with what was proposed in the first installment, enriching one another. It is possible that one day a third installment could be made, but that is only if any director will ever find the courage to make another 'Blade Runner', for the bar is raised incredibly high. I believe that in time, 'Blade Runner 2049' will just as the original one, grow into a cult movie, and rightfully so, for it is its own movie, but, just as the original, a visually remarkable, achingly human sci-fi masterpiece. I am not going to say more about it, because the studio has been unusually insistent in its pleas to critics and the first movie viewers not to reveal any plot points, but I am glad they did. Even if I could go on and on about the movie and the difference between replicants and humans (or is there really much of a difference, after all?) the less you know the better, because 2049 feels at its best when it surprises (which is one of Villeneuve's greatest strengths). This is a movie best experienced on the biggest screen in your cinema; trust me, it will be worth your while. As for me, I will most likely try and make some free time in my schedule for the coming days, 'cause I want to go the cinema again, guess what I'm gonna watch... Blade Runner 2049 is the sequel to the 1982 sci-fi classic Blade Runner. Directed by Denis Villeneuve (Arrival, Sicario) and once again based on Philip K. Dick's novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?, it successfully recaptures just about everything excellent about the original and is a superb sequel to one of the greatest and most important science fiction films of all time.Thirty years after the events of the first film, LAPD Officer K (Ryan Gosling) works as a Blade Runner, retiring old rogue replicants (artificial humans) hiding out around the Los Angeles area. One day while on a job, K discovers a long buried secret in the yard of a replicant which leads him on a journey to track down former Blade Runner Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford), who has been missing for decades.Featuring amazing visuals and some of the most philosophical and thought-provoking themes since the original, Blade Runner 2049 is a masterpiece of science fiction and is possibly one of the greatest sequels ever made. I was transfixed the entire time, to the point where I felt that even blinking would cause me to miss something I wanted to see. The cast was brilliant as well, especially Ryan Gosling, who does a fantastic job carrying the film as its lead actor. However, perhaps best of all, is that seeing the original is not a requirement to fully understand everything that is going on, although it would probably still help to have done so beforehand. I'm almost certain that author Philip K. Dick would be proud of this film. I know I am.I rate it a very high 9.5/10 I am going to offend when I write how the original Blade Runner left me disappointed. By the end, there were too many unanswered questions for me not to feel anything but jaded. Blade Runner 2049 on the other hand, left me riveted. Ryan Gosling is not exactly synonymous with action films, though from the opening scene, he proves himself to be a powerful, heroic figure. Unlike the original, which toyed with the idea that Deckard was a replicant, 2049 adamantly admits to K's (Gosling) status almost immediately. Though I could criticise Blade Runner 2049 for its anti-climatic finish, it does three things brilliantly. First, the film answers the burning questions the original refused to dignify. Secondly, the film captures the essence of the original's universe. The world feels lived in; where technology and the metal skeletons of architecture blend; where clear demographics and political allegiances exist, an 'us versus them' feel emerging that mirrors the world we live in today. Thirdly, the film immerses the viewer instantly with not just the mystery of its story, but with its score. The sound is thunderous and impactful, exploding across the screen with tremendous effect, while the raw, visceral musical score accompanies this perfectly, serenading us with themes that don't just resemble, in part, the original, but a unique cyber punk style too.The effects are phenomenal, from the fluctuating holographic interfaces, to the flying cars; from the impressive explosions to the dystopian backwaters which surround the spurring metropolis; the effects satisfyingly developing an imperfect future. Although the effects are a necessity in Blade Runner 2049, never does the feature become over-reliant on them, the film's leads been the driving force of this cinematic achievement.The film's introduction sees K completing his manhunt of Sapper Morton (Dave Bautista), an older model replicant, who has found some semblance of peace. K however finds himself caught up in an even bigger investigation, the ramifications of which could be dire, his lieutenant, Joshi (portrayed effectively by Robin Wright), spurring her infallible asset on. It is here we are introduced to Jared Leto's Niander Wallace, the mastermind behind the new generation replicants. Despite been in only a few scenes, his calculated malice sends cold tones throughout the feature, and is further delivered upon by his assistant, Luv (Sylvia Hoecks), whose lack of decency for human life is frighteningly human.Much like the original, Blade Runner 2049 questions what makes us human, and why in the future we would attempt to differentiate ourselves from our creation, when they begin to adopt our traits. Though Gosling's K appears robotic in his movements at times, in his relationships, especially that with virtual intelligence Joi (the lovely Ana De Armas), we witness how human he truly is, their romance been as inventive as it is beautiful. The film takes itself very seriously when demonstrating the poignancy of machines sharing a connection, though the themes of slavery and child-labour, despite still been major topics today, are only briefly discussed.Acting greats like the always entertaining Lenny James, Hiam Abbas, and Edward James Olmos (reprising his role from the original) briefly appear, and despite portraying characters with barely enough screen time to be truly appreciated, their performances nonetheless propel the narrative forward. Furthermore, though Harrison Ford receives second billing, it is not until much later into the film that we are blessed by his on screen presence, his version of Deckard retaining the old 'shoot first ask questions later' routine of his character, yet being deeply melancholic and sympathetic. Blade Runner 2049 is at its core, a futuristic romance, about the importance of freedom, sacrifice and family; a film that gives me hope for the future of Hollywood. This feature is possibly the best film I have seen this year, Denis Vileneuve again proving himself to be an outstanding director. From an original 1982 theatrical showing to a Beta videotape, to a standard laserdisc, to a deluxe Criterion letterbox laserdisc, to a DVD, to a high-definition blu-ray, Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" has been viewed countless times in the original voice-over version, the European cut, the director's cut, and the final cut over the 35 years that followed its release. All those memories have not been lost in time, like tears in rain, but rather are indelible images from one of the greatest science fiction films. Thus, any thought of a sequel evokes mixed emotions. Despite the involvement of Ridley Scott, the results could be another disaster like "More American Graffiti," or an undistinguished but palatable followup like "2010," or a companion masterpiece like "The Godfather Part II." Fortunately, "Blade Runner" cultists can breathe a sigh of relief; while "Blade Runner 2049" may fall short of the unqualified masterpiece status of "The Godfather" sequel, at least on an initial viewing, the film enhances and builds upon, rather than diminishes, the original; however, only time will determine if "BR2049" will enjoy the same repeatability as the first film and join it as a timeless classic.Fresh from his outstanding work on "Arrival," director Denis Villeneuve helmed "BR2049" with a steady hand and attention to detail, which were likely guided or inspired by Ridley Scott. Set thirty years ahead of the original film, Roger Deakins's career-best cinematography captures a future that is colder and bleaker than that portrayed by Jordan Cronenweth's original work, which has a warmer tone. However, Deakins's cooler hues are appropriate for 2049 Los Angeles, where snow has replaced rain and holographs rule rather than neon. Warm or cool, the atmospherics in both films are equally dazzling. The aurals are as captivating as the visuals; the haunting music by Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch evokes the original Vangelis score without plagiarizing.The casting is also superb with Ryan Gosling spot on as K, the blade runner whose job, like Deckard's in the original film, is to retire renegade replicants. While the role may lack showy moments for an actor, Gosling's tall lean figure and enigmatic face create an image possibly more enduring than that of Harrison Ford in the original. Both Ford as an aging Rick Deckard and Edward James Olmos as a retired Gaff return to link the sequel to the first film. Among the newcomers, Robin Wright is well cast as Gosling's deadly serious, deathly pale Lieutenant Joshi of the LAPD. Ford and Olmos are not the only returnees, an origami figure and a small wood carving wordlessly connect the two Blade Runner films, and implanted memories, flying cars, outsized advertising, and transparent plastic raincoats also have encores."Blade Runner" cultists are best served seeing the sequel knowing little; the story unfolds as a policeman sent in pursuit of a mystery that expands upon threads in the original movie. Tthe film's length is arguably excessive, especially for those unfamiliar with the original, and "Blade Runner" novices may be left behind by a leisurely narrative that prizes visuals above action. However, "Blade Runner 2049" is that rarity of movie sequels, a film that enhances and elevates the original, yet stands on its own as a masterful film. The passage of time will determine if "Blade Runner 2049" and "Blade Runner" become the inseparably coupled films that "The Godfather" and "The Godfather Part II" have become, but all the elements are in place. At time of writing, Blade Runner 2049 looks like it might underwhelm at the box office. There are probably a few reasons for that: the R rating obviously keeps children and young people, and families away; a demographic in the 18-25 range is probably pretty unfamiliar with the original movie; and its 2 hr 43 min running time probably feeling taxing to a number of contemporary moviegoers who are used to an hour and a half.However, here are my responses to each of these points:  this is the kind of "thoughtful couples/date type movie" for when your kids are at their grandparents or babysitters; or it would make a great works night out to watch this if you're unfamiliar because you're pretty young with the classic original Blade Runner movie, you're admitting to missing out on a classic piece of cinema that you need to watch (up there with the original Star Wars; the Godfather; the Shawshank Redemption etc.) So do yourself a favour, and rent or buy it now, rather than watch the latest average to shoddy Maze Runner sequel;  if you're put off by a film's running time, then do you really have a love of cinema at its fullest and finest?Very important the last bit, because in my opinion, this is arguably the best sci-fi sequel since Terminator 2, way back in 1991. It respects, builds on and pays homage to the original film, without being constrained by it, whilst making us look again at the original film with a new eye. Without giving away any notable spoilers, the story continues and advances the conflict of replicants pitted against humans. Whether the divide between the two parties may be coming closer to an end is illustrated in a creative and thought provoking plot development (involving the characters of the original film), which I genuinely didn't expect. The characters here are fleshed out, conflicted, and portrayed as complex and realistic, give how Earth has so tragically ended up in the environment this franchise creates. Whilst most actors here give a sterling performance, with few off notes, I'm happy to note that in a film which needed him to carry the weight of the narrative and mythos, Ryan Gosling (not my favourite actor) is outstanding in an understated, often subtle performance that marks as one of the finest of his career. I'd also probably give Robin Wright credit for her turn as the prejudiced, conflicted and brutal Lt. Joshi; Harrison Ford (who plays a latter act part, but is nevertheless a key role) gives his best performance for a character in years as a now wizened Deckard. It's interesting that, compared to the pre advertising buildup of him, Jared Leto doesn't get as much screen time as you might expect – although he's competent in what time he does have.Of course Blade Runner stories are hugely about visuals: whilst much has been said for cinematographer Roger Deakins being Oscar nominated for this (he should be), the visual effects team really have done sterling work overall. The visual look is stunning and seamless – an understandable, logical and beautiful progression from the universe of the first film, that makes me hugely excited to own this at home on Blu Ray. It's one of the few films I would recommend seeing in 3D: the effect of it is subtle and not garish as can be in 3D, and it nicely enhances certain scenes, rather than distracts from them.So any quibbles at all? Thankfully, only a few: a brief cameo from a very well loved and intriguing character of the first film is sadly all we get from that character. The score is satisfactory, and services the visuals and plot well, but it can't really come close to the classic Vangelis original. In my mind, the only person who should have really been approached for this sequel is Vangelis himself, but maybe he turned it down. We don't know. The film also ends on an intriguing cliffhanger – one which is dependent on certain characters being available and happy in future to film a subsequent sequel. I'd have probably preferred the ending to be one that could make the film a stand-alone film, like the original, whilst allowing for the possibility of sequels.Still, these are minor quibbles overall. Hopefully it will make enough through box office receipts and home video and TV (remember, it's the latter two that led Blade Runner to become a cult hit over time, rather than the original box office receipts) to make a Villeneuve led sequel. If not him, the only other two people I can ever imagine doing that sequel might be Christopher Nolan or Ridley Scott. However, let this man at it again, he'd done a fantastic job here.In summary: a brilliant achievement, which hopefully opens the doorway for another film to make what might hopefully then be the best sci- fi trilogy in history – aping the Lord Of The Rings trilogy for fantasy, and the Dark Knight trilogy for the superhero comic book genre. If this gets ignored by the Oscars for the usual costume dramas, biopics, and rote drama films, there should be hell to pay. Beautiful image, very good acting, good story with powerful symbolism and bad music. That sums up the movie. For excessive verbosity and self-important attitude you can read other reviews below. Stayed true to the original in many ways and that's important for fans of the original BR. Remember that the original BR had a pretty cold reception in the early 80s. Who knows how this one will be perceived a decade from now. And yes, I do miss Vangelis; the movie really came to life when they played pieces of his original music. Zimmer just didn't seem to understand the project.Those who complain that the movie is long and slow clearly have the attention span of a 5-year-old and should probably stick to Fast & Furious.Blade Runner 2049 could have been more but it could have been a lot less too. Thankfully enough it wasn't. I'm not ecstatic, but not disappointed at all and I realize that my expectations have been incredibly high. I will go see it a second time for sure.EDIT Oct 13 after seeing the movie a second time (in 3D). I'd like to upgrade my rating from 8 to 10 if y'all don't mind. Blade Runner 2049 is a 150-million-dollar gift to a small but dedicated fan group of the original movie. Thank you for that gift. I don't think there's any sequel in the history of cinema that stays true to the original to the point where even the tiniest details - noticeable only by hardcore fans who've watched BR 1982 thirty times - are being transplanted into this new film. And, no, BR 2049 did not make Blade Runner mainstream as some complain here. On the contrary, it kept its secrets open only to the same group of initiates, with the possibility of others from the younger generation to join, if they have what it takes. As many of the reviews below testify this movie still remains a mystery to most people out there, whose ability to digest abstract ideas is unfortunately very low. This is an amazing piece of work. It has incredible artistry. As a visual exercise, it is breathtaking. I thought the original was way ahead of its time in creating a milieu, a dystopian world, full of disease and commercialism. Given the wonders of modern times, the world where this takes place is nonpareil. Ryan Gosling is out to eliminate the old replicants because there is a secret which needs to kept. The hierarchy is doing what it can to keep a world event from eliminating the awful world they have created. Goslin has memories, but they could have been implanted in him, so he is continually torn by dealing with details that may or may not be true. He needs to return to the place of his childhood. Harrison Ford reprises his original role of Deckard, now old and living in the ruins of Las Vegas. Evil is in control, but there is hope. The final scenes are incredible and puzzling, but it is a great challenge to the viewer. To be honest with the reader of this review, I had never seen the first Blade Runner however it had been near the top of my "must- watch" science fiction movie list in my head for a very long while now and I decided to watch this movie expecting an exciting sci-fi blockbuster with action-packed car chases rolling in all over the place. Surprisingly this film was not the "good action-packed popcorn fun for the whole family" that I was expecting and the film actually takes the slower, more patient and realistic approach with it's storytelling rather than a lot of car chases and rushed editing. This is a very similar film to the likes of A Fistful Of Dollars because the main character, Ryan Gosling, resembles the personality of Clint Eastwood's character in A Fistful Of Dollars, the musical score carries away the movie like A Fistful Of Dollars, the pacing remains slow however manages successfully to keep our interest like A Fistful Of Dollars and the film carries an incredibly dark, bleak tone much like A Fistful Of Dollars. I'm glad I saw this movie earlier than most people because then I can write a good review for this movie so that more people can consider watching it before the negative remarks start coming in. Before those come in, let me remind you that this movie is pure, bleak, raw and dark science-fiction to the core that goes with the dedication to telling a story rather than the dedication to kill as much people as possible. It goes with the more slow approach which some people may find a bad thing but others like me will find a good thing. But I think something all viewers will respect here in this movie is the intense cinematography that is common in a lot of other Denis Villeneuve movies and the fascinating special effects as well as the subtle performances by Ryan Gosling who understands the character he is playing and doesn't overdo it. Ryan Gosling's character is an interesting one because although he is emotionless and straight- forward we, as the viewers, can detect that there is more to this character and throughout the movie we slowly start to see a bit more of his own self. Blade Runner 2049 focuses mostly on the main character and if you are going to see this movie expecting Harrison Ford to have a lot of screen time that is similar to the length of Ryan Gosling's screen time, you're very wrong because Harrison Ford only plays a minor role in this movie which is, although important, not the main focus of the movie. Even if someone can view this movie as a science-fiction movie, someone can also view this movie as a character piece instead depending on their preference because of how much dedicated focus is on the main character.When the movie was finished and all was done, despite the reasonably long runtime I still felt that the movie should of been even longer. Because I don't like to be sentimental I gave myself thirty seconds and then I got up from my chair and walked out as the credits rolled despite me still being in a very deep emotional zone however I want you to know that the emotional zone was almost impossible to get out of. As I was walking out I still saw a person watching the credits in his chair and I understood that he was also in a very deep emotional state and people usually do that so that they look cool to their friends, but the person I saw really was in an emotional zone - I could tell. I could also tell that I wasn't the only one that enjoyed this movie in the room and I was relieved because I was a bit afraid that people wouldn't like it because of it's more slower approach than other science-fiction movies. I was incredibly glad that someone else understood the style of the movie.I'm not going to spoil any more of the movie but I will leave a last note to say that Blade Runner 2049 is an incredibly dark and intense movie that is probably one of the best science-fiction movies I've seen that has been made in the last five years so it very much is a masterpiece. If a futuristic version of A Fistful Of Dollars sounds bloody good to you, then you'd be killing yourself if you didn't pay this movie a visit at your nearest cinema. In my personal opinion, the film was most definitely a masterpiece and it has me even more excited for seeing the original starring Harrison Ford in the main role. This is my updated review as I feel I did not do the movie justice and I have also increased my score of the movie...
I was one of the lucky ones who got to see an early preview.... And the more that time passes by and the more the story of Blade Runner 2049 sinks in the more the gravity of the story hits me... First of all it really was not what I was expecting... I had watched many trailers and interviews and I feel like I had done quite a successful job in staying away from spoilers.... 
And....
Without spoiling it for anyone else and giving too much away.... Whatever you think you know about the film... well, forget it.... You're way off the mark... 
The best advice I can give though is however dark you think Blade Runner 2049 is.... It's darker than that.... It's much darker than the original... And the original was quite dark.... The cinematography is beautiful... it really is stunning... but the film itself.... did I mention it was dark??.. I think this is amplified (excuse the pun) by the movie's soundtrack... The work of Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch was for me... at times.... malevolent... And perhaps if the music wasn't so dark and hostile the movie itself wouldn't come across like that also... But then what do I know?... That's not to say the music is bad... It was for me.... like I said malevolent.... As for the movie itself... Again without giving too much away.... It's a story of loneliness.... A story of wanting nothing more than to be accepted... It's a story of desperate hope and anguish... Wanting for a better life.... Replicants being more human than humans, being more perfect than humans.... but not being human and wanting nothing more than to be human... even for all the faults the human race has and the perfection of the replicant race... Still the desperate hope and anguish of wanting to be human.... Are you keeping up??... And this whole time living in a dystopian world.... where the future of the human race is a lost cause and Mother Earth has never looked so heartbroken.... 
Speaking of heartbreak... again without spoiling the story... be prepared... the whole story is a story of heartbreak and literally at every turn Ryan Gosling is having his heart broken.... whether that be his relationships with others or his life in general... For me Ryan Gosling has a knack of playing the lonely leading role... and he has done this on a few occasions now.... both in the movies - "Drive" and "Only God Forgives".... which I hope he doesn't end up being typecast in... but saying that... I don't think there is an actor alive today who can play the role of being totally isolated from the rest of the world better than Ryan Gosling.
Blade Runner 2049 did have some nice surprises... which again... I won't spoil... 
In closing.... Ryan Gosling is excellent... It is Harrison Ford's best work for years.... This overall review may sound like I'm being negative about Blade Runner 2049... But I'm not... I'm really not...I should also mention the performances from the female leading acts in the show. Ana de Armas, Robin Wright and Sylvia Hoeks are all very, very good and each and every one of them. Including all the crew should be proud of such a beautiful sequel. As for where it stands next to the original... I never thought I'd hear myself saying this but I think as years pass by it will stand next to the original Blade Runner quite easily.... It's not the same movie as the original but it is as good as the original in its own right...
I think Ryan Gosling said it best in an interview
The film is incredible... it's.... haunting...
With this in mind a few days have passed now and I am still left with a feeling of being haunted by Blade Runner 2049.... 
So much so that I want to see it again and I will go and see it again... and again... and again....
Just like I did the original...
Blade Runner 2049 "is" incredible....
It's...
Haunting First let me just say that I am not going to spoil any of the plot points of this movie as the director has himself insisted not to and I urge the reviewers to come to respect his wish.Now let me just start by saying the original Blade Runner was one of the most influential sci-fi film to be ever made. Some people may not like it as it is very slow paced and deeply philosophical and I respect their opinion but you cannot deny its legacy. As it so happens Blade Runner 2049 might just fall on the same category. Directed by Denis Villeneuve who directed Incedies, Prisoners(another masterpiece), Arrival, Sicario and Enemy has outdone himself. This is seriously his best film to date. Even though this is a sequel to a movie he wasn't involved in whatsoever he has managed to expand its universe extremely elegantly and marked his directorial trademark in it. I won be surprised if he is put in the same bracket as Kubrick, Spielberg, Tarantino, Scorsese, Eastwood in the coming years. Talking about greatness we have director of photography propelled by Roger Deakins who already had his hands on Shawshawnk Redemption, No Country for Old Men, Skyfall, The Big Lebowski and Fargo to just name a few and to think he has never won an Oscar despite being nominated 13 times. Well this is about to change this year or you cannot ever take Academy seriously because I strongly believe this is his best work. The way he uses color palette is quite remarkable to watch and it might just be one of the best looking film to ever exist. Acting wise Harrison Ford gives one of his performance in a long time. You can just feel he loved working on this film(unlike that reboot on 2015). I have always been a fan of Ryan Gosling since Drive(another Neo-Noir masterpiece) and after watching this I am convinced that he is one of the best actor working today. Jared Leto gives a another stellar performance as expected from an Academy winner. Dave Bautista, Robin Wright, Ana de Armas all are impressive with their given role. Another thing that made the original Blade Runner so iconic was the soundtrack. And with this film it is no exception. Though this has Hans Zimmer Benjamin Wallfisch collaborating it feels a individual work like the first one. What else can I say? No praise is enough for what I just witnessed. This is one of those films that will inspire people to be filmmakers, that will make people realize why we go to cinemas and spent our hard earned cash, that will continue to put cinemas as art forms. Just go to the biggest theater possible and witness an piece of modern art put on by extremely visionary and talented people. You will not regret it. 10/10 Blade Runner 2049 is simply one of the best movies I've ever seen. This movies nails every key aspect of filmmaking from the direction, the performances, and the CINEMATOGRAPHY. Roger Deakins outdid himself in this film with some of the best shot in film I've ever seen. Ryan Gosling, as always, is fantastic, as well as Ane de Armas. You expect some to say that this movie was "too boring" or "not enough action" and I guess if you were expecting constant thrills, you could have been disappointed. And yes, this movie is LONG, running at almost 2 hours and 45 minutes, but there isn't a moment in this movie that felt unnecessary. However, this movie is amazing and you should see Blade Runner 2049 without a doubt.Blade Runner 2049 - 10/10 This review of Blade Runner 2049 is spoiler free ***** (5/5) WHEN RIDLEY SCOTT released the first Blade Runner back in 1982 it was unlike anything before it, it was essentially more than just a film with an impressively compelling performance from Harrison Ford, it was immediately noticed as a technological accomplishment filled to the brim with an impressive collection of special effects – the moving holographic billboards were enough to make your eyes pop, the flying cars which now are more of a fantasy than a reality and a combination humans and robots called replicants. It really achieved higher than any other sci-fi before and even after the time – which essentially is why today it goes down as a masterpiece and perhaps the best that cinema has ever been. However when French-Canadian director Denis Villeneuve announced that he was going to do a sequel long time fans were sceptical about it saying that it wouldn't be as good, it would give the predecessor a bad name and won't go down as well.Emphatically now at the long-awaited release of Blade Runner 2049 you can erase your fears as this is by far the best a sci-fi sequel has ever been. We open with Ryan Gosling's Officer KD6-3.7 a Blade Runner for the Los Angeles Police Department who's on a case to bring in any old replicants while on the case he unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos which could destroy everything they have come to know. Set in a world where the Earth is left in anarchy after an event which shook the world and brought the people of the city into fear shattering previous memories everything is left empty seemingly without repair. The film erupts from the opening reel as Villeneuve drags you into the often lonely life of Gosling's policeman who tries everything to repair his life back to the way it was, his character is complex yet cleverly thought out thanks to a script penned by Hampton Fancher and co-writer Michael Green they give his character a simple story but he's emotional too dealing with feelings way beyond his thoughts. And for any of you La La Landers out there Gosling is on top of his game much like Ford's performance in the film's predecessor he's incredible and brings a powerful dynamic to his story and essentially the film would be nothing without him.As an experience it's a must see especially in IMAX – it's loud ominous score quakes around the halls shattering your eardrums from the vibrations, the beautiful giant holographic billboards are enough to make your eyes pop just looking at the colour and the bright city lights and the sci-fi action is riveting and fast paced. Immediately after entering the live futuristic city of Los Angeles it's clear that Villeneuve is right at home here using the same directing techniques he's become accustomed with during Sicario, Prisoners or indeed Arrival using impressive close-ups, stunning long shots and eye-shattering panoramic shots. However at a runtime of 2 hours 43 minutes it's quite a long marathon that you will have to exercise for before stepping into the theatre yet that exercise is worth and is thoroughly paid off.Stylistically it is a Blade Runner film so for long-time fans the environment will be all too familiar and producer Scott who's happy to be back in this territory he makes every collection of images as real as possible bringing Villeneuve's imagination to life it really doesn't get any better than this. Happily when Ford's Rick Deckard comes onto the audience smiles from ear-to-ear. Story wise his character is a bit like Luke Skywalker from Star Wars: The Force Awakens he has been missing for thirty years and there is an extensive search for him. When found, Rick doesn't take to K at first he immediately thinks that K is trying to kill him. Here Ford now 75 years old looks a little worse for wear as if he's been lost aching for a little company which has been missing from his life and he brings this emotion into his character's grief giving him some emotional prowess which thanks to his stunning performance pays off.Happier still, the action is incredible there are only a few action scenes but each one is as brutal as the previous time round – Villeneuve introduces the action scenes as a cinematic thespian adding momentum to the white knuckle punches and a deafening ping from the two characters' blasters which surprisingly look as good as new. The action is relentless, fast-paced and utterly riveting from a wide-eyed opening fight scene with Dave Bautista's Sapper Morton, through electric chase scenes to a brutal final fight scene they are compelling and Villeneuve lets them play their toll painting a shiny gloss to the end credits. What Villeneuve has created in Blade Runner 2049 is an impressive, compelling and brilliant sci-fi sequel that shines with a glossy finish and will still look good with multiple viewings and is an experience that will last for decades to come.VERDICT: An impressive exercise of stunning colour, immersive CG images and incredible techniques Villeneuve's sequel isn't just a movie, it's a technological accomplishment, and is by far this year's best film. It's amazing after repeated viewings the lack of patience or inability moviegoers have to simply follow a plot. The lack of concentration throughout the cinema, the talking throughout and some of the comments I have read is downright disturbing. This movie is high art and some people need it spoon-feed to them. If you're not invested from the get-go, just go home.Blade Runner 2049 is not your typical movie and it was never meant to be. There are no superheroes or giant robots. Explosions are scarce and it's not funny either. It's about emotion and memories and like the original Blade Runner (1982). It poses the same Philip K Dick inspired questions about humanity - what does it mean to be human and are we just the sum of our memories? It now raises questions about artificial intelligence and real love.It is a sequel 35 years in the making to one of the most thoughtful and provocative movies ever. The original movie was a box office flop which later developed a cult following and and has since been hailed a masterpiece. Ridley Scott created a multilayered world which seduces you into a nostalgic like trance for a place which never really existed and a sequel to a film held in such high regard is rarely ever a good idea but Blade Runner 2049 is a rare exception. Think The Godfather Part II, Aliens and Terminator 2: Judgment Day before it.No spoilers. We follow Officer K (Ryan Gosling), a new character and a new breed of Blade Runner on the trail of an old model replicant but what he uncovers along the way is so much bigger and threatens to shift the balance of what is left of humanity.Director Denis Villeneuve (Sicario, Arrival) and his crew have crafted a beautiful looking film which pays homage to the original without trying to copy it at all. The same rain-soaked, neon-lit streets are present in L.A, only the Eco-system is even more shattered. Sustenance is scarce with protein farming a way of life and while there are obvious nods to the first movie 2049 relishes the opportunity to avoid the familiar and takes us outside the city limits.The cast in 2049 is excellent. Ryan Gosling carries the main story with ease, playing his detective character with an ice-cold calm until...Harrison Ford as Rick Deckard, the original Blade Runner delivers a highly emotional and raw performance which I found very surprising. Not because Ford is not capable as an actor but Deckard was played so dryly in the original, especially next to Rutger Hauer's Roy Batty. Clearly time and circumstance have clearly changed him here and it's a refreshing approach.The casting choices of side characters in limited roles such as Dave Bautista, Robin Wright and Ana De Armas in her very unique role were fantastic. Jared Leto gets only a few scenes as villainous creeper Niander Wallace, the corporate tycoon with a god complex but his best 'angel', Luv (Sylvia Hoek) gets plenty and rightfully so because she's excellent.If I I had to choose any negatives from 2049 it would be need to spoon-feed the audience in scenes by adding a small flashback here and there which I thought was unnecessary. The score was clearly not Vangelis who did the first movie and made up so much of the nostalgic atmosphere in it. While good I did miss the sadness, the piano keys and blues of Vangelis for a time but could tell the score was aiming for something different, more urgent, a sense of dread which was probably more appropriate anyway with 2049 being much larger. That's not to say there aren't hints of Vangelis because there most definitely is.It has been 35 years and the need for a sequel can be debated forever. Was it necessary? No. But was it good. Yes, really good. Is it a masterpiece? I would say that it's an extremely satisfying conclusion to Deckard's story and having seen it it's made the original even better.A movie like this does not come around very often. The world needs more movies like Blade Runner, 12 Monkeys, Ex Machina... and Blade Runner 2049. High praise.Best movie of the year! Remembering Ridley's masterpiece from 1982 coming into 2017 as new Blade Runner it had a potential that were in creation for 35 years and it was a magnificent picture that will shame even some of the best movies. Blade Runner 2049 tells a story of LAPD officer that is still picking up old Replicants and comes up to discovery of something greater. Words cant' describe feeling that Blade Runner constantly provides you with as it moves along expanding your understanding of Universe where it's placed. Director Denis Villeneuve (Sicario, Prisoners, Arrival) comes into this project as a refreshment and brings everything that is so special about his work into this movie with so powerful directing and bring's us to the edge. Alongside Roger Deakins as cinematographer with his ability to capture moments in such profound and beautiful way that will blow even hardest critiques away. Combination of them two and amazing screenplay that they were provided with created this new kind of movie that gives us new insight into film making and how good movies can be. From the start of year with such a great Logan that was dramatic enough to move us all but at the same time entertaining and now with this beautiful masterpiece that is Blade Runner 2049, movies started to adapt and evolve into a pictures that can in every moment be viewed as entertaining and imaginary as much as possible but with emotions and drama is just beautiful to watch. Without any doubt you may say that Blade Runner 2049 is the best movie of 2017 so far and there will be much trouble for movies to top this one. K/Joe (Ryan Gosling) was brought to play an amazing role and he gave an incredible performance proving himself to be a leading man that may lead to being one of the great actors of his class. Deckart (Harrison Ford) returned for his role and as usual he showed us that he can't be forgotten. As for music there is always Hans Zimmer with Benjamin Wallfisch that made a wonderful job in creating certain moods inside movie. You may say Blade Runner 2049 continues to be one of the movies that top it's predecessor and just take off into great universe that it may give. 4/4 Los Angeles, 2049. Thirty years have passed since Deckard and Rachael fled the city to make a life of their own. The futuristic cityscapes created by visionary director Ridley Scott were the perfect backdrop for one of the most influential science-fiction films of all time. While the creative team may have changed for Blade Runner 2049, the cityscapes remain for one of the best experiences I've had at the cinema in 2017.When K (Ryan Gosling), a young blade runner, uncovers a long-buried secret that could change the future for both humans and Replicants, he tracks down former blade runner Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) for answers.It's no secret that audiences didn't take to Blade Runner straight away upon its release in 1982, people not seeing the mark the film stamped in the genre of sci-fi or film history until the years after. Several versions of the film and over thirty years later, Denis Villeneuve brings us Blade Runner 2049, a direct sequel and continuation from Scott's final cut of his original film.Villeneuve, who I'd have to describe as a visionary, is one of the most exciting directors working today and he brings his A-game to Blade Runner 2049. It's always risky making a sequel after such a long time, especially for a film as renowned as Blade Runner however, from the very get go, it's clear that this film is being made by someone who is incredibly indebted to and respectful of the original.This is a beautifully crafted film, visually stunning and utterly engrossing in its narrative. I was worried about how they would take the story forward but knowing nothing about the plot and going in blind worked wonders because I was gripped from the opening shot to the very last. The runtime could have been an issue but when the film is of such a high quality, it ultimately flies by and finishes too soon if anything.The work from Roger Deakins on the film's cinematography is nothing short of masterful, surpassing Jordan Cronenweth's work on the original which is no easy task. Deakins has never won the Academy Award and if he doesn't for his work on Blade Runner 2049, I'll lose hope in him ever picking up the award. The music from Vangelis in Blade Runner was mesmerising and while both Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch ensure this film has an impressive soundtrack, it never comes close to topping Vangelis'. Coming to the performances, Blade Runner 2049 features a cast intent on making this as memorable as the original. Ryan Gosling leads the film with an impressive performance where the subtlety of facial expressions are as important as the delivery of lines, leading to arguably Gosling's best performance to date. The returning Harrison Ford is as gruff as you'd expect as a Deckard who's been in hiding for thirty years, his pivotal role in the film surprising yet incredibly worthwhile.The supporting roles, ranging from minor to major, are filled by plenty of capable actors, whether it be Jared Leto's mysterious turn as Niander Wallace or Robin Wright's authoritative showing as Lt. Joshi. The pleasant surprise was Ana de Armas, who I didn't think too much of as an actress prior to this film.Blade Runner 2049 is a heavy dose of pure science fiction that will leave a lasting impression on the genre for sure. With this and Arrival last year, Denis Villeneuve seems to be on a one man mission to make sci-fi great again. I recommend to saw the first one to enjoy more.The thing i love with that movie was the story telling, each time you just understand a key point, something,there is not false suspense seen miles away.this is a too much modern's movie curse when you feel the scenario is poorly edited.Also Everything is build around the theater experience. A pure art. amazing actors, amazing photography and a brilliant use of VFX's and sounds. It's kinda like after the first 3D where the movies are based on the visual, here in Blade Runner it's rock solid and this is the lights, colors and sounds are put in the front.This is why i love movies and this is the main reason to go to the theater. There is a lot of TRIBUTE of the first one and it took both new things and enhance what we saw in the first one. Like the editing process, slow paced. It's really good to take time, i realized i have a lot of souvenir of different shots, witch i usually don't on " traditional " 2 hours movies. And here you don't feel the classic final mass battle, of that kind of long length modern movies. this is just a deeper movie. For me the duration and the pace are well balançed, and rare to see. Also a tribute to the first movie.It is the star wars 7 should have been. i'm not a particular fan of the first Blade Runner from 1982 one because i saw it too young ( but in 2000's ) and i didn't catch the essence of the movie.Well i've been hit at the end of the movie, and that's matter, a perfect ending timing and editing trough all the movie. So huge, so simple and so beautifully. Actually this is my favorite sci fi movie of all time. Blade Runner 2049 - Arrival director Denis Villeneuve creates a lengthy,yet outstanding follow up to Ridley Scott's compelling sci- fi film noir.For those who have either never seen or, for a good while, haven't seen the original 1982 Blade Runner, it would behoove them to watch it and familiarize/ re-familiarize themselves with it. Sicario/Arrival helmer Denis Villeneuve has forged such a excellent, tightly connected sequel to Ridley Scott's enthralling, and futuristic sci-fi noir, that most elements will be foreign if you don't look back at what's happened before.Notwithstanding, after 35 years of near unbearable patience, the long awaited follow up to a film that has been called, the most compelling vision of the future ever created, has finally arrived. Blade Runner 2049 is thankfully, a direct sequel to it's illustrious predecessor, logically as well as creatively attached to the previous events of the early 80's innovative film.Thirty years following Rick Deckard's running off with Rachel, during the only hope filled, sunlit scene in the original Blade Runner, there obviously has been some considerable changes, in the City of Angels, and our world since then, whereas some have remained constant. Suitable title cards grant us a brief history so all can catch up with what has transpired, picking up in the 2020's up to the present year. This includes a devastating event called Blackout which completely paralyzes all of human society.Because of rebellious "flaws" in the Tyrell Corporations Nexus replicants, they eventually went bankrupt, and the company is taken over by blind industrialist Niandor Wallace (Jared Leto), riding in on a proverbial white horse to save the day. He is the brilliant creator of the new Nexus 9 model replicants who are remarkably more obedient than their dissident forebears - and still used for slave labor. His careful study of human history has reminded him that civilizations were built on the backs of slaves. Plus, as he soberly admits, he can only make so many.Naturally, some of the old Nexus 6, 7 and 8 skin jobs are still around, and as always, "retired" by Blade Runners like LAPD officer K (Ryan Gosling). During a retirement mission involving Guardians of the Galaxy's Dave Bautista as humble farmer Sapper Morton, he discovers a small metal box buried under the side of a tree by the replicant's house. Upon a thorough investigation he discovers information concerning a certain fellow Blade Runner and female Nexus 6 replicant from 30 years prior.The archaic data has such riveting implications, it eventually leads K to that certain fellow Blade Runner, namely Harrison Ford's Rick Deckard, to find concrete answers to something that could effect all of humanity- including replicants. Something no one, probably not even Dr. Tyrell, could have possibly conceived.Ridley Scott's Blade Runner (based on Philip K. Dick's "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep), was definitely unlike any other film most, if not some, had ever seen, especially the opening fade in of a dark foreboding Los Angeles showcasing a stark array of austere buildings, and flames of fire literally shooting from the tops of incredibly tall skyscrapers. Cinematographer Roger Deakins and production designer Dennis Gassner have perfect sc-fi noir chemistry in re- creating that same atmosphere,notwithstanding a few more hope filled, slightly subdued sunlit scenes to counterbalance the dark ones. Even Han Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch's sterling score is evocative of Greek composer Vangelis's haunting music that perfectly melded with the film's disquieting resonance.While it's agreeable to see a fresh young, face, aggressively carrying out his duties of what is still called a Blade Runner, even after 30 years, the most provocative mainstay is definitely the return of Harrison Ford. 2049 simply could not have been done without him. It takes awhile within the 2 hour, 40 minute plus running time to finally re-introduce him to fans. But it's well worth the avid anticipation. Ford's Rick Deckard provides sufficient closure to a story fans have been waiting for since 1982. The finest film I have ever seen.Yes, a masterpiece of canon, and style, and production. Spare and sensual, with an extraordinary central performance by Ryan Gosling, great plotting and dialogue in an examination of the nature of love, of memory and of identity. The best of science fiction in that it explores who we really are under almost inconceivable stresses.You can feel the love and effort poured into this movie in every second of film. The music evokes and expands on the original, returns us to this future we know so well from so long ago now.Remember: Science fiction has no ceiling.10 stars. So on first viewing I am delighted to say that this is a true sequel to the original yet able to stand alone. Unlike other franchise reboots this chooses to pay homage to the original and thankfully avoids the temptation of being unabashedly commercial. I am a big fan of the original. I might even give BR2049 a 10 on later viewings. It wasn't what I was expecting so I can say a big thumbs up to those critics (and YouTubers) who agreed not to publish any spoilers. I found myself admiring the blade runner 2049 visuals without finding them distracting or in any way self-serving. Bravo to both Denis and Roger for pulling that off. I have to say that this is a true Sci-fi movie, a movie that will satisfy die hard fans of Sci-fi books. Hampton Fancher has done a truly awesome job of creating story and a script which would stand up well next to the bibliography of Philip K Dick. At no stage did this movie feel like an imitation of the first. The cast is a great fit, the score is sublime, the pacing it similar but different, the cinematography outstanding, the story and script original, the whole feel seems just right. Am I alone in this appreciation? Probably not. Half the audience will have never have seen the original in the cinema and yet we all clapped in unison, old and young when the credits began to run. Thank you to all those involved in this project. Blade Runner 2049 expands upon the foundations of its predecessor, Blade Runner (1982). It tells a story of technology, progress and achievement and connects it to the overarching series theme of humanity and what it means to be human.And let me just say, this film looks unbelievably good. This is the absolutely the best cinematography I've ever seen. The world feels alive, crisp, and real, and some of the wide shots are simply breathtaking. Accompanied by solid performances from Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford and it's enthralling story about humanity's complex relationship with technology, Blade Runner 2049 is simply a must see film. LAPD officer K(Gosling, cynical on the surface) investigates an unusual case. No, sorry, that's all you're getting for plot. If you see someone getting into a lot of detail, avert your eyes. Go into this as blind as Niander(Leto, driven by his cause). Thank me later.This is 2 hours and 33 minutes long, which is not excessive considering how it uses its time. The pacing allows some scenes to go on for a while, however, it's always appropriate. Major props to whoever thought Denis Villeneuve would be right for this. He couldn't be more perfectly chosen. His use of symbolism, exploration of philosophy and compelling themes fit as a companion to the film Ridley Scott created, without merely redoing it(the hints are neat, if perhaps a tad too numerous). This expands upon the issues about Replicants in truly inspired ways(albeit I acknowledge that not all of them were thought up purely for this movie). The acting is sublime. If Joi(Armas, expressing so much with so much forced restraint, for reasons I won't reveal) doesn't break your heart, get an EKG stat, it's stopped beating already. This is not driven by action, rather, the gripping mystery.There is some bloody, even brutal, violence, nudity and disturbing material in this, used well. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys speculative sci-fi. 10/10 When I had heard the news that there was a sequel to Blade Runner in the works, I thought it was a ludicrous idea. But with a fantastic and proven director attached and with the original director producing I decided to give it a shot. Of course the trailer blew my friends and I away with its stunning visuals but I remained hesitant. Once I saw the movie I went in expecting disappointment. Fortunately I was terribly wrong to be so worried! The movie was perfect. It had a compelling plot, creative story-telling, and beautiful sets and CGI. Settings were unique and characters were interesting. The movie keeps your eyes glued to the screen and guessing til the very end. As the final scene of 'Bladerunner 2049' came to an end and the credits began to roll I found myself a bit shocked that nearly 3 hours had elapsed.I had spent the entirety of the run-time completely entranced into the world Denis Villeneuve and his crew had masterfully constructed. To be swept up in the imagination and realized vision of artists who take such care with every shot is a fine experience to have in the cinema. 'Bladerunner' 2049' seemingly transcends being a mere sequel and becomes a full fledged film in it's own right. A film that just happens to share a universe with another.While the story and themes of 'Bladerunner 2049' are familiar they are done with such finesse that we can't help but feel empathy for the characters as they struggle to find their humanity, or simply try to make a connection.There are small flaws in the film if you choose to go over it with a microscope, but the best way to watch 'Bladerunner 2049' is to let it wash over your senses and to just experience it.This is why we watch movies. 