Guardians of the Galaxy is a pleasantly surprising SyFy thriller for this generation. The film stars Chris Pratt as Peter aka Star-Lord, Zoe Saldana as Gamora, Bradley Cooper as the voice of Rocket, Vin Diesel as the voice of Groot, and Dave Bautista as Drax. This all-star cast does an amazing job bringing these characters to life. If you like any of the Marvel Avengers movies you will love the humor and action of this family-friendly film.
Peter is a human from planet Earth that has a bounty on his head when Rocket, a talking raccoon that was developed in a lab, and Grout a walking tree come along and try to capture him to collect the bounty on him. In the meantime, Gamora comes along trying to steal the Orb that Peter has in his possession. This group of misfits that end up crossing paths, all at the same time, end up being put into prison where they meet Drax. Drax lost his family at the hands of Gamora's gang, therefore Drax wants revenge and to kill her. This group of enemies ends up having to rely on each other to escape prison. In the beginning, they are trying to kill one another or use each other for personal gain. In order to ensure their personal gain, they end up having to try and keep one another alive. By protecting each other they begin to create a bond.
I feel that the music along with the special effects that were used for this film is what makes it great. The music speaks to what is happening in the film and the emotions that the character is feeling at that time. They were consistent and the use of the music shows the time frame in which Peter left Earth.
The differences in the feeling during the scenes are also shown in the lighting and special effects. The lighting and special effects during the fight scenes show quicker cuts, as opposed to the times during the film when the characters are more relaxed, in which the director pans across the scene moving with the characters.
The director and the all-star cast pull the audience in and do an excellent job bringing the characters to life while leaving them asking what could be next for this group of friends. If you like humor in your SyFy films you will love this cinematic sensation. This film is perfect entertainment. Sheer bliss from end to end.
Watch it, laugh out loud and enjoy. I don't know how marvel did that but man this movie was something, TBH I wasn't sure if that movie will success because It sounded like silly for me when I heard about talking raccoon and tree, suddenly they became one of my favorite characters in the MCU , Sorry marvel I was wrong. This movie was so good it had incredible acting and a great plot. This movie is so awesome if you have not seen it watch it! It is a very fun and entertaining film. The story and screenplay is amazing. The direction by James Gunn is awesome. The CGI and visual effects of the film are outstanding. The film is one of the best MCU films humor wise. The performances of the cast are great. All the main characters are very likable. Definitely a must watch even if you aren't a superhero movie lover. Guardians of the Galaxy is nothing short of an amazing movie. If there's anything I can say, it's that it is the best superhero movie I have seen. Not only does it have the impressive set pieces and enough action to last you a lifetime, it has an emotional core and you actually get to care about each and every single character. Overall this movie is filled with all the required thrills and spills and is a first class action movie. It also has a great mixture of comedic value and a deal of seriousness. The film's unlikely hero is Quill (Chris Pratt), an eccentric gunfighter in the Han Solo mould who we meet stealing a metal orb coveted by the evil warlord Ronan. When he dispatches his top assassin, the green- skinned Gamora (Zoe Saldana), to recover the artifact, the pair find themselves locked up, along with the galaxy's most unlikely bounty hunters – a gun-toting raccoon (Bradley Cooper) and his sidekick (Vin Diesel) who just happens to be a walking tree. All the actors do a great job at portraying there characters, they feel real beings. You get to know about them and their struggles and you become attached to them. Every character in the movie got their time to shine, especially Rocket Raccoon who is voiced perfectly by Bradley Cooper. Everyone is pitch perfect in their roles even Batista! For those that want specifics: effects were top notch, acting was excellent, story lines were compelling, the comedy was perfect 99.5% of the time and surprise there were a lot of one line typical superhero zingers that worked really well. What really can't be stressed enough is just how insanely fun and entertaining Guardians of the Galaxy is for literally its entire two-hour-plus run-time. I still have a hard time wrestling with who was my favorite actor in this. all in all, the film is brilliantly well done, action scenes are engrossing and genuinely done, you genuinely worry about certain characters and I for one was thrilled with it. Go see this. Just let yourself be taken in! A sad beginning morphed into the most joyous of movies and the soundtrack is brilliant.Just let yourself enjoy I entitle my review A New Hope as I walk out of the cinema feeling like I have just watched the Star Wars of our generation!As a huge Marvel fan (both comics and film) I was delighted to hear this film was getting made with the perfect choice of Guardians and what a perfect cast to play them. The biggest surprise for me was Dave Bautista who I thought was only cast for his size but his delivery was spot on for Drax. Chris Pratt was hilarious whilst still excellent at delivering some of the films most emotional scenes.CGI in this film was super, there's nothing I hate more than too much CGI in a film but it was so good in Guardians that I was completely lost in it. Never have a seen space look so good, the battles were incredible and Groot and Rocket never looked out of place (aside from being a tree and raccoon).Gunn is the perfect director for this, his tone, his balance of comedy, action and emotion blended perfectly and directing GOTG would have been no easy job. DC are still trying hard to get Justice League going, Marvel just made a film with a talking tree and Raccoon and it was AWESOME!!!Not a bad performance all round and comic fans will be happy with certain nods and winks scattered throughout. Probably my top Marvel film yet, it has the fresh new feeling the first Iron Man had with all the action and humour of The Avengers. 10 stars from me, even if your not a comic book or sci-fi fan, this movie has something for everyone. This movie was everything I wanted from scifi movie Nothing I can add to this amazing work of art, to me no scifi compares, it blows away star wars...sorry!! The cast is magical, the story phenomenal, the special effects and the 3d un paralleled, this will become a classic film right at the top!! The comedy is mixed in perfectly, we've watched this film at least 20 times, 3 times in the theater and the rest at home in brilliant 3d bluray!!! It gets better everytime we see it. Thank you to the cast and crew for a huge feel good , lose yourself for 2 hours work of art!!!!! This movie is one of my favorite movies of marvel, it is funny and thrilling. Great expectations before the film, definitely, and they really paid off. Guardians of the Galaxy is one of the best Marvel films to date, and a really good sci-fi at that too. The film is strong on so many levels, outstanding characters, great worlds, is emotional and humorous.Peter Quill, or Star Lord as he likes to call himself, is a quick-witted man of Earth thrown into the far reaches of galaxy, who has stolen an artifact that everyone seems to want. By accident he stumbles upon four other characters, Gamora the assassin, Drax the Destroyer, Rocket the enhanced raccoon and Groot the humanoid tree, and the five of them form an unlikely team. The characters are really well presented, their emotional core is strong and back stories engaging. In short, they're interesting and easy to like. All of them have great moments and keep us wanting for more and more. Rocket, in particular, steals the show with his anger management problems and bright one-liners. It was great to see a group of people each with their own agenda come together, this dynamic worked really well. Star-Lord carried a lot of this weight, and was very sympathetic.The film doesn't take itself very seriously, which was refreshing to see after also great yet darker themes of Thor and Captain America 2's. Guardians has a lot of laughs, witty dialogue, characters rub off on each other (and the audience), writing is perfect. The film is so entertaining, non-stop adventure but also knows when to balance with more dramatic themes. Scenery and worlds are spectacular, visual effects top notch. As a reader of the Guardians comics it was great to see some smaller motifs thrown in that may not be necessarily caught by regular viewers, but which the comic book readers will definitely be thankful for too.All in all, Guardians of the Galaxy was an awesome watch. Amazing characters, vivid cinematography, great dialogue, lots of humor, soundtrack was nice, story exciting. This wonderful adventure and its captivating characters will be in mind for a long time. (Rating: 12A, 121 mins) Written by Zen Terrelonge Starring – Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Bradley Cooper, Dave Bautista, Vin DieselIf you've seen the trailers for Guardians of the Galaxy, you'd be within your rights to think Marvel Studio execs have been hitting the bottle hard or taking LSD.The film revolves around a group of dysfunctional but goodhearted criminals – think Robin Hood's Merry Men of the future – comprising human thief Peter Quill aka Star-Lord (Pratt), green assassin Gamora (Saldana), talking raccoon Rocket (Cooper), knife-wielding Drax the Destroyer (Bautista), and walking tree Groot (Diesel).Like the Avengers, the Guardians get off to a false start but soon unite over a common cause, namely, the galaxy being obliterated by genocidal maniac, Ronan – not Keating – the Accuser.Ah yes, the old, let's-exterminate-everyone-for-the-mistakes-of-their-forefathers ploy.But unlike Avengers Assemble, Guardians of the Galaxy oozes offbeat originality and frankly, it's the most unique and delightful film Marvel has created to date.It's a hell of an achievement given the extensive movie library the company is building up and when you consider the characters aren't household names like 'big three' Iron Man, Thor and Captain America, but Marvel seems well aware of that fact with the final production risky to say the least.The film opens in 1988, which is when Quill is abducted from Earth, and 26 years later we see he's become a crooked intergalactic outlaw with a taste for all things shiny, valuable and not his.Given the distinct decade in which he was taken, his cassette player and mixtape of 70s and 80s tracks are laced throughout the film, which creates a quirky yet grounded quality in the midst of all of the dazzling interstellar warfare that takes place along the way.In addition to the soundtrack, jokes and comedy have never been more of a feature in a Marvel film – perhaps Iron Man 3 was the closest – as gags are thrown into the unlikeliest of scenarios to lessen the tension, and I would imagine, to really differentiate itself from Avengers Assemble, Star Wars and Star Trek, which by comparison are left looking very sombre.That said, if you were going to compare Pratt's Quill to someone, the character is quite reminiscent of Chris Pine's Captain James Kirk – smart, womanising, reckless leaders, who eventually find their feet.The editing is supreme and makes each bit of dialogue super-sharp and tight, so when the infamous five are bickering or talking generally, the repartee all feels really clean and natural without being awkward or forced.Thor can be stubborn, Iron Man can be arrogant and Captain America is considered too stiff, but all of the Guardians bring even more wildly different qualities to the table and offer some diversity that doesn't ever grate or bore, which wouldn't have been possible without such excellent casting.Meanwhile, the film is very much in the here and now, with Quill's backstory the only one that truly gets a look-in, which creates a sense of intrigue about his colleagues who only have their pasts hinted at, meaning sequel fodder.There's just no way of knowing where you're going and tonally the movie delivers a piece of everything and it's done big and without hesitation.Guardians may have been a gamble, but I'm Grooting for it to Rocket to the top.10/10 I know, I know. This will incontrovertibly attract a lot of hate from die-hard Dark Knight fans, but guess what? I'm one of those who thinks Nolan is the epitome of how to make a perfect superhero spectacle. Or at least, I was until tonight. This film will blow your mind. Quite literally, it is jam-packed with edge-of-your-seat action thrills and pure comedic gold. Don't be expecting a moody companion piece like that of Nolan's trilogy, or Man of Steel. It keeps more in touch with Avengers, although it's a lot funnier and really builds upon the upcoming Infinity Gauntlet arc. The actors are incredible, matching the character developments, the dialogue and action sequences are spectacular and the visual effects should surely earn a nod come Oscar time, as I'd personally put them on par with those seen in the recent Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. The run length compliments the well-scripted pacing of the movie itself, whilst plenty of interesting secondary characters litter Guardians with an ensemble cast that has exceeded anything yet seen in the Marvel/DC movie worlds. I don't pertain to the DC versus Marvel argument, but this masterpiece alone has certainly put Marvel on the front foot in terms of cinema outings, far surpassing the very enjoyable Man of Steel and, I believe, edging out Nolan's trilogy and then some. I thoroughly recommend this for any with a borderline sci-fi/superhero love, and advise you to remain for the tantalising post-credits scene, although many of the non-comic fans might not get the references. Easily a perfect ten out of ten for me. Guardians of the Galaxy touched my heart. Both movies are exceptional in their own way. They're apart from marvel superhero movies. What I mean is even if it wasn't a marvel movie I'd recommend that to everybody who loves to have a good time while watching a movie of that quality. At first I was skeptical about superhero movies with galaxy adventures, but when I was forced to watch it to prepare for avenger movies I was surprised. It catches you from the first seconds when Quill starts to dance to the the classical pop hit ' come and get your love '.Usually it's my habit to talk about the cinematography and the acting which was a great experience. A very quality motion picture movie. The plot is so magical all of them have so much in common and you feel for them cause all of them had calamities. The character developing is wonderful. I don't wanna spoil to much so I don't go farther into detail.A little note for my personal self: I'm also happy for Dave Bautista, cause I grew up as a teenager watching him at WWE. To see him breakthrough with this role is amazing. I'm so proud of him. He fits his role so perfect.The plot is awesome and entertaining and never loses its pace. It also connects directly to the following big movies ( if you know what I mean ).Can't tell anything bad about the costumes and makeup or shall I say makeover ?! So good !!The music is totally my taste. I love different kind of musics and I grew up with pop and rock. So to see them bring up some classic pop hits back is wonderful. It automatically puts you onto a positive vibe. That's my experience. Always got love for these kinda movies. I watched both movies for the second time yesterday. I had a feeling to share a review cause this movie deserves more awards and appreciation. I wish they had won an Oscar for at least one category like cinematography, costumes or best soundtrack.I can't wait for Volume III ! They should really call themselves the best film of 2014, because that is what it is! Anyway as you can probably tell, this is my review for the new Marvel movie Guardians of the Galaxy. They're like the B-Rate Avengers and on a different planet. Xandar to be exact. Anywho's, the plot. The Plot: A human adventurer teams up with a band of alien misfits to save the galaxy.Now, first I wanna say this. The soundtrack was freaking awesome. You have songs from Hooked on a Feeling by Blue Swede, I Want You Back by The Jackson 5, and many awesome songs like that, these songs were on Peter Quill's mix tape. Next, the opening scene. Wow. One of the most emotional opening scenes in Marvel film history. Not gonna spoil it, but all I'm saying is that it has one of the most epic transitions from scene to film studio logo ever seen. I mean, the music is swelling, and then the Marvel Studios logo theme (thats a bit different) begins, and after it finishes, it starts up the awesomeness that is Guardians of the Galaxy.Now, onto the actors. First, Chris Pratt as Peter Quill a.k.a. Starlord. A big badass who has one of the best mixtapes I've ever heard and who is one of the most badass characters in the Marvel films. We also have Zoe Saldana playing a green woman named Gamora. And knowing Zoe Saldana, she's awesome in almost every role. And this one is no exception. She absolutely kills it as Gamora. Her fighting skills are awesome as always. Now, the next actor has to be one of the most muscled badasses in this film. His name is Dave Bautista a.k.a. Drax the Destroyer. He was a freaking badass fighter in this one! I know I keep saying badass, but there aren't anymore words to describe these characters. The final two characters I have to mention are also badass. First we have Groot. Voiced and sometimes played by Vin Diesel. He was really good as Groot, even though the only thing he could ever say was I Am Groot. And last but not least, I have to mention the badass that is Bradley Cooper as Rocket Racoon. Oh... my... god he was freaking awesome!! He had some witty one liners after every action. He was a very cocky character I must say. I'm serious, everything he says, he always has a witty remark to everything that goes on!The bad guy. Ronan the Accuser played by Lee Pace. People say that he wasn't as good as they hoped. But I gotta say, he was a massive menacing awesome villain. The backstory of Ronan includes him having a bit of a feud with Drax, because as heard in the trailer, Ronan killed Drax's family, and thus the feud was born. Drax, while focusing on being a Guardian of the Galaxy, has a major score to settle with Ronan. And for a fellow IMDBian smnam, I'm gonna talk about a certain character that goes by the name of The Collector. Played by Benicio Del Toro, he may only have about 1 or 2 scenes, but he is quite good in this. After his minor role in the end credits of THOR: The Dark World, in GotG, you see more of him and why he's called The Collector. He has a ton of stuff in his collection, including cosmonaut dog, and another item that is seen at the very end of the credits, I'm not gonna tell you. It's a surprise.Right, enough about the film before I give too much away, let's get onto the final score.The film was badass, director James Gunn did a fantastic job on bringing the B-Rate Avengers to life, the actors who played the Guardians were awesome, so I am giving this my biggest rating yet. Bigger than the rating I gave Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, Godzilla and How To Train Your Dragon 2 combined. I am giving the badass of awesomeness film, a 1000/10!!!Telling you now, this year has been a badass year of film. We've had awesome films like The LEGO Movie, Godzilla, Maleficent, X-Men: Days of Future Past, 22 Jump Street, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, and now we have Guardians of the Galaxy. And it was awesome!!Hope you like my longest review I've ever written, I am Shane-O, and I approve this message.P.S. Stay for the end credits. You'll be in for the funniest and greatest end credit scenes in Marvel movie history. That's all I'm saying. I absolutely love this movie. This was one of the MCUs biggest risks yet. Taking a talking raccoon and a tree and pairing them up with a group of misfits seems like a wacky idea but boy did it payoff. The comedy is balanced throughout the movie brilliantly and the acting is top notch. The plot also works really well in this movie. As funny as this movie is it can even get emotional when it needs to be without coming across as goofy. I highly recommend this film for anyone! This was a great movie...
But what does this have to do with the marvel people? When I first saw this, I enjoyed the scene where Peter meets Rocket and Groot along with Gamora. The fight was cool. Then, they meet Drax. In the end, I thought Groot died, but found out they had to plant him. Now he is baby Groot! This movie was great! WORTH IT!! FUNNY AND AWESOME!! One of the greatest Marvel movies, if not the greatest! Guardians of the Galaxy cleverly mixes comedy and superhero action and makes something extremely awesome, the relationships/friendships between all of these characters feels real, and Groot, oh my god! I drew so much fan art for Groot, he is the greatest character in the entire movie and I absolutely love him. Chris Pratt also delivers an excellent performance as Star Lord and his mask is pretty cool as well. Overall, I have barely any issues with this movie that are severe, all of the characters have great depth and amazing performances. I cannot wait to see what James Gunn does with 'The Suicide Squad' in 2021, because it looks like he really knows what he is doing with the superhero genre.Guardians of the Galaxy is one of the greatest films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and possibly one of the greatest of the decade. This movie looks extremely good on the big screen and blu-ray, if you come across the blu-ray for this film, I highly recommend that you buy it because the effects are very impressive and some of the best I have seen in any other movie that has come out this decade. I will put out my greatest superhero films of the decade list out on IMDB very soon, expect Deadpool to be number one, because... SPOILERS: it is.Grade: A+ I remember like it was yesterday when watching guardians of the galaxy I was 9 years old when the movie came out I was honestly really excited for the movie even though I was not familiar with the superhero's and I do have to admit I think guardians is better than avengers there's something about guardians I like better than the avengers is how the guardians met each other now let's get into movie first of all the movie has a fantastic soundtrack like with opening of Star lord dancing and how guardians met each other and when I heard they were making a movie like the avengers I was hyped my favorite character out the characters had to be rocket raccoon because he is funny for example when gamora cut one of groot's arm groot was sad and then rocket said it grow back you stupid idiot quit whining the cgi is wonderful and the special effects are amazing eventually the characters get into prison and the characters are trying to get out this when the movie gets interesting when the team are discussing a plan to get out the prison but then groot remove the battery and then they fight the security for the prison Also forget to mention Ronan in the movie but he is a excellent villian like when Star lord is fighting him in the final scene of the movie and the saddest part of the movie is that griot sacrificed himself for the team which is a pretty sad death it happens at the end of the movie honestly guardians of the galaxy is also one of my favorite 5 mcu movies and my favorite movie of 2014 so if you love the avengers you going to love the guardians of the galaxy it's a great movie trust me. Warning for spoiler guys.I've never heard of this title before, neither read the comics and I was clueless about this when I watched the trailer. It looked like just some sort of space wars battling out like galaga and it was nothing special to me, until I went to the cinema and watched it. And after 2 hrs, I left the place totally mind blown and laughing and giggling with their lines, especially with "I am Groot" which I kept repeating with my nephew. Such fun times!The movie immediately caught my attention with it's opening. It was very emotional, really made me focus on the connection of the first character, and then just after the abduction here comes the most amazing intro of Marvel that is the most coolest intro in all of MCU movies. It moves towards Peter Quill now dancing and singing and it was like that moment is so fun that if I had this movie on DVD, I'd watch that dance a hundred times together with that song of Red Bone! The following scenarios would be epic and I must say the scene in the prison where they all met together is the best place for them to meet. It felt so cool that all 5 of them would work together on a similar cause despite them having different principles and perspective on their own.From then on everything was just interesting and fun. It never subsides and all of the characters were fun, emotional, interesting and enjoyable to watch. The plot and story is so amazingly cool to hook me up and there was no boring part, all pure action, laugh, awesomeness and touching scenes. Rocket, Groot and Drax are the most fun characters in the movie, especially Groot and Peter Quill winning the funniest acts that made the whole audience in that place laughed for like 15 seconds straight and clapped their hands in pure majestic resounding loudness.Rocket and Groot are one amazing tandem. I never recognized Bradley Cooper's voice actually. Their lines were epic and it digs deep into my mind. This movie is the only movie to establish and rig those movie lines inside my mind without forgetting them. They've kept on repeating inside my mind like I just won the lottery with magic numbers. The CGI of these 2 characters is flawless and just fit the mood of the whole movie.Peter Quill, Gamora and Drax really brought it up to top notch with their insane acting skills. Chris Pratt nailed the character and I felt that amusement again when I first watched Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark/Iron Man. He's now a movie blockbuster superstar I guarantee it, together with Zoe and Dave. Dave being one of the most funniest wrestler turned actor I've ever seen. He hooked the audiences with his line that "Nothing goes over his head", epic, just Epic.From start to finish this movie grabbed my butt rock steady on my seat with amusement and amazement. Definitely the best movie of Marvel in par with Avengers. Congratulations to the new stars of this movie, Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Dave Bautista, Bradley Cooper and Vin Diesel and to the wonderful works of Director James Gunn and company, thank you for this memorable and amazing movie of the decade! Well if the universe has the corner stone of idiots this is it. Guardians of the galaxy comprised of five dolts who come together in the face of total annihilation from what is known as the Infinifty stone. A relic of ancient past where its properties are made up of the building blocks that created the universe itself. It could be used to create or to destroy. Between planets is a man named Quill who at a younger age was abducted from earth by an alien trash race lead by Yondu Udonta (Micheal Rooker) after his mother died from severe cancer.Some fifteen years later he becomes a relic hunter and not always by legal means. During his last trek to an abandoned planet he comes across this stone housed in an orb but is confronted by a league of trackers lead by Korath (Djimon Hounsou) who works for Ronan (Lee Pace). Ronan is by no means a nice guy. In fact he only wants the stone for revenge against another race who used the stones power to alter the natural means of creation but was destroyed in doing so. Taking ronan's people with them he vowed revenge at any cost.Now with quill's group is Drax (Dave Bautista) Gamora (Zoe Saldana) Groot (Voiced By Vin Diesel) and last is the over emotional Rocket (Bradley Cooper) who looks like a raccoon. Together they put aside their differences... that is to stop trying to kill each other and put an end to ronan from destroying the entire universe in the process. In many ways this movie holds a great deal of emotions from beginning to end. Passionate, anger, betrayal, the kind of self centred pessimism one looks for in another in order to get their point across no matter the cost.It is a big universe where many alien life forms dwell including Quill's own father who had kept his identity a secret from his family. Quill only learnt his entire being is half Terran, and half earth. Knowing this he decides to change over a new leaf to become a guardian with his new found friends and try to get along without throwing a fit. I had a great time watching this with the new characters, new action, and wonderful retro music that just somehow fit to quill's character. What I also found interesting is seeing how the other half lives out there in the deepest parts of space. Come to think of it they are not all that dissimilar from anyone else.Each has a family, dreams, goals, even opportunities which presents themselves evil or not. I give it ten stars for originality, music, special effects, and wonderful actors including an Oscar winner Benicio Del Toro who plays the pawn master that appraises the stone's value. Guardians of the galaxy is much better than Galaxy Quest for its story line, and optimistic characters. You couldn't take your eyes off of any alien in this film it is that well made. Highly recommended to all ages above 14. Excellent addition to the summer. Watched this today at the iMAX Manchester. I love watching movies at the cinema, and have felt slightly cheated on a few recent movies that disappointed and appeared to be more of a cash cow: Taken 2 springs to mind, but there are others. The premise to this film excited me, as did the cast involved: a Marvel movie with a raccoon, a tree-shaping humanoid and adorable bodyguard, the amazing Chris Pratt (watch it and be enchanted/amazed by his stellar performance), Vin Diesel as 'Groot' who you will *love* by the end (trust me) and the surprisingly excellent David Bautista, whose comic delivery is sublime. The action is well throttled and not OTT. The perfection lies between the tangible chemistry between the main players and the razor sharp comedic script - it just works, trust me. The icing on the cake is the soundtrack throughout, it was well judged and impeccable. We all left the cinema dabbing tears of laughter from one of the final 'Groot' scenes. Honestly, this movie ticked all the boxes and more - best movie ever. Guardians of the Galaxy is one of the least known comic books of Marvel. The only reason why the whole world, aside of the fans of the source material, are going to see this because it's a Marvel production, but we should all admit that apart from the comic geek world, nobody knew who Rocket Racoon and Groot were before the film was announced, nobody heard of Starlord before Chris Pratt was attached to the project, and most people hardly knew what it is actually about. While many are still seeking for a Doctor Strange or an Ant-Man movie, we should first get to know something that haven't got enough attention before. And wondrously, these filmmakers introduce this mythology with huge love not only to its own, but also to the fantasy/adventure genre and its old classic form, which easily delivers the sheer fun. But even in the realm of explosions and zany worlds, the best parts of the journey ended up being the scenes with the characters interacting and often to engage a set of great humor and drama. That is already too much to ask for a ridiculously fun blockbuster.It is certainly a space adventure, it already offers a lot of strange alien designs and intergalactic action, but the big stuff aren't the only highlight of the movie. The film would mostly focus on its characters, nearly all of them may be aliens, but their pathos and personalities are down-to-earth. How the team was formed is the same way how The Avengers did. They aren't nice to each other, but they had to get along so they may save the world... or galaxy. But here their motivations are either for revenge or money instead of heroic pride. How they introduced themselves may be a little too over explained through their conversations. The exposition is so relied on the dialogue, but what keeps it from being exhausting is when those talks lead to a naturally clever punchline. The film is just best when the heroes are developing their sudden friendship, turning themselves from cold hearted thugs into a likable band of misfits. The film also has a big love for the seventies music, and it smartly uses it for Peter Quill's last earthly thing he'll ever possess in his otherworldly life.These parts with the characters make the action the secondary appeal of the film, but that doesn't always mean it's a bad thing. This is basically going back to the past blockbusters when rooting for the characters was more important than trying to advance the technical/style abilities. But then, it doesn't have any problem with the action, except sometimes the space battles can be hard to follow but again whenever there's a humor in it, the consistency goes back on track. It's simple fun, sometimes nostalgic piece of adventure that doesn't have to be over-serious to be outright compelling, but it also does have some drama, while it doesn't entirely embraces its sadness, it at least gives some hints behind the characters and manifests the heart and brutality of their backstories eventually. The actors are excellent indeed as they give plenty of shining and charismatic personalities to their awesome characters.The plot may not be too sharp or its villains may not be so memorable, but Guardians of the Galaxy still reaches its goal of lovingly introduces its universe to the ones who've never heard of it. Since everyone is aware that superhero movies are made for the mass more than its fans (let's have to be honest about this), this idea may not always be taken seriously, especially when comic book movies have gone to its dark and gritty era and yet this one offers us stuff like a talking tree and a gunslinging raccoon, but here it is: Guardians of the Galaxy, the movie that isn't meant to exist ending up being one of the greatest films that Marvel ever produced since Iron Man. Is it a bold choice for them? Probably, but it's really not hard having self-awareness. The triumph of the film is reliving the classic, somewhat campy space opera and marking its characters as its real deal, even when they are not as familiar as many of Marvel's heroes. In the end, it's just pure fun, the flaws are there but at some point it doesn't matter. Every moment of the film has the excitement and laugh that anyone would seek for a blockbuster, taking place in a fascinating new world that we are yet to fully explore. 