One word describes this movie - pointless.Wow, this film was incredibly boring. People are hyping this movie over nothing. The story is so simple and boring. It didn't even feel like I was watching a thought-provoking movie, more like a short and simple TV series with an unfunny, forced and pointless main character on his pointless adventure to fight forgettable and pointless villains. The X-men were pointless as well. They didn't add anything to the story. They only assisted Deadpool with fighting the villains when their original goal was to have deadpool work for them. They happily accepted Deadpool as a murderer and wished a murderer to join them. The only okay point in this movie was the action. However, the action still could have been better as it felt very rushed at times, and at other times very short and at times it lacked in good choreography. It didn't feel intense at all, more like you know the villains are going to fail very easily.I also hated the use of childish words being used quite a bit to explain the purpose of the weapon x program e.g. "superheroes", "superslaves" etc. What are these villains even doing? There was nothing deep and meaningful behind the program and these villains. The story was lacking in too many ways. The world felt very empty and hollow.Looks like people are very cheap and easy nowadays that they would enjoy anything just because it is r-rated. That is the truth, that is the only reason this movie has such a high rating because of the use of "F" words and other vulgar words, it has sex and nude scenes and it is gory and violent. None of this is new. Again, the Story and Characters are terrible. If you enjoy sitting in on conversations that are typical of young and foolish teenage boys this is the movie for you. Every other line contains the F word and for some reason the director thought penis jokes are the funniest around.The story is about as hollow as the humor. It's a cheap and bland story about revenge and invincibility painted with a veneer of "love" that is as misguided as the character's personality.The movie is littered with sarcasm and cynicism that just becomes depressing after a while.Ryan Reynolds acts like a 13 year old boy throughout the movie, cursing and making penis jokes and then talking to the audience thinking he is very funny. This is the most overrated movie I've seen. Most of these reviews on IMDb had to have been paid for. Hollywood had to have paid for this hype or people these days have really low standards. This is a low brow film like no other.Save 2 hours of your life and do not watch this movie. The film is made out of Ryan Reynolds, throwing lame jokes to the camera. In between there are bullets and knifes. No surprises. No ideas. The story is simple and silly and boring. Man sleeps with woman long in different scenes (Teens hello! Better watch porn, there are more details!) Man go's to basement to become special. (Teens like to be special) Man becomes special and kills all bad guys around him. THE ENDThe jokes are not only lame, they are old. For example the joke with the red shirt and brown trousers I heard from my grandpa.Don't waste your time with this film. Marvell tries to squeeze out last cents out of the theme. Bad films will follow. This movie is a huge disappointment, and a waste of money and time. The jokes are stupid and I realize that Deadpool is not what it was cracked up to be. Too bad as I usually love the Marvel movies. It seems forced, and the jokes actually become tedious and not really with any sophistication at any level, more adolescent bathroom style humor. The story and plot is also dull and tedious which goes along with the dull and tedious jokes. At times I thought to walk out, but kept hoping that there would be a redeeming aspect as many of the reviews were positive, I kept hoping. This movie is more about money-making hype, with its non existent story/plot and childish humor with no depth. A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. We live in a time where super hero movies are all the rage. Who doesn't love a good super hero throw down, cool origin stories, and awesome villains? While decent hero flicks are easy enough to find, occasionally a masterpiece, like "The Dark Knight", will come along and in the process wow the critics and audiences alike.And then we get Deadpool. Where to start with this one? To give it some comparison, it makes "Batman and Robin" look like an Academy Award-winner by comparison. How is that? Quite simply put, the movie is terrible in every sense of the word.Deadpool is untrue to its source material and to the very character himself. The character is known for his violence and humor throughout his comic book, TV show, and video game appearances. The filmmakers, in their apparent efforts to make the character more "edgy" and appeal more to adults, have stripped him of this, instead replacing the comedy and fun with crude dialogue, sex, sex, more sex, and more foul words than possibly all of Eminem and Lil Wayne's albums combined, and all of this without any of the substance that have made Wade Wilson's adventures and misadventures alike over the years so memorable, exciting, and laugh-out-loud funny. No wit, and no soul. It insults the intelligence of its audience, and then expects them to pay. We've come a long way in terms of the quality of super hero films; to call this a step back could potentially be the biggest understatement of the year.For those who have been waiting for a good Deadpool film, this unfortunately is not it. Perhaps the best on-screen appearance to- date can be found in the animated short "Hulk v.s. Wolverine", but for the time being we're still going to have to wait for our favorite "Merc with the Mouth" to get the big-screen sensation that he deserves. Out of all Marvel movies made, Deadpool was the worst. The main character talks too much it became very annoying after 5 minutes. The jokes were not funny. The scene transition between flashbacks and present conditions were not well done.They tried to put in 2 X-Men character in the worst possible way. It really shows that the studio had no budget for many characters, but instead they invested a lot in the slow-motion special effect, which was cool.In terms of story-line, there's no story. There's no character building as well. For about 2 hours, all you can do is endure the horrible blabber mouth of the main character. Not funny and irritate the ear.I wonder how many people did the studio pay to write in good reviews in this website...Worst Marvel Movie Ever. Barney the Dinosaur is more entertaining than this movie. yeah sure, when he cracks one or two jokes, its funny, but my gosh he would go on and on ! Regarding the sexual scenes of the movie, if one wants to watch porn, they'd watch porn. I don't know which woman enjoys a man that talks from beginning to end ? Even during sex he is cracking lame jokes. Cant get any more ridiculous than that ! As for the storyline , couldn't they add a little more detail. Its like they thought making him blabber throughout the movie will allow them to cut some finer details out. One of the worst movies ever made in the last century ! I really regretted spending money on this. Wanted to leave the cinema after first 15 mins. Chosed it as the ratings were high and was described as a comedy. I did not laugh once. The movie shows detailed violence - not sure who enjoys watching heads to be shot through or cut off. Total disrespect towards human life. There was lots of unnecessary swearing and pathetic predictable jokes, i.e. penis jokes, saying f***ing in every sentence etc. Unless you enjoy watching violence and think swearing is funny you won't enjoy this movie. Maybe it's suitable for someone with low IQ or a teenager. The plot is also pointless and some nudity and sex scenes are included too as a predictable part of the movie. Don't waste your money. i expected an epic out of this but i rather got boring and juvenile story.This movie is full of unparliamentary dialougues and nothing inspiring about.Is this what we give to our friends and family to watch ? btw ryan renolds did excellent job in the movie.i didn't get why wolverine was in the movieis he there to get kicked by deadpoolThe film's biggest weakness, if it has one, is in its supporting characters — there's just not a lot for them to do. Deadpool's fellow superpowered beings — Colossus (Stefan Kapicic), Negasonic Teenage Warhead (Brianna Hildebrand), and Angel Dust (Gina Carano) — mostly just stay out of his way, though Colossus and Negasonic each have their moments. T.J. Miller is effective as Deadpool/Wade Wilson's BFF Weasel, but he feels like he was just ported over from HBO's Silicon Valley, where he plays a startup bro. Ajax, the movie's main villain, is sinister (and good-looking), but his mutant ability — not being able to feel pain — doesn't make him feel like much of a threat. Too overrated, i think the jokes that are included in the movie are interesting, but to be honest the plot is kinda boring and made me bored while i'm watching this.for me the plot is the vital point of movies, if this movie were more focused on the plot than the jokes, i think it'll be better and more exciting. This movie was like bunch of jokes with some plot, not a plot filled with bunch of jokes. i'd give this movie high rating if they built more plot.this movie are overrated and i don't want to watch a sequel as boring as this Truly awful rendition of a Marvel superhero. Turgid, adolescent and inane, routine CGI effects and a plot you could write on the back of a postage stamp. The so-called comedy lines are expelled as if from a failing gattling gun, interspersed with fantasy fillers including masturbation, soft toys and sex in Christmas sweaters. If this is you're thing - I suppose, go for it. Everyone else stay well clear. Had this been counter-balanced in any way by a genuine malevolence from our "hero" there may have been some redemption, but the violence is all just meaningless, cartoonish and blah.Incredible that the back story involves Deadpool's attempt to "win back the girl" when he, and everything else in this waste of money movie is so overwhelmingly camp. Right up to the end credits when our hero, as a cartoon, jerks off a unicorn's horn to produce an ejaculate made of rainbows and fairy-dust. Truly, this is the very stuff this risible movie is made from. This Movie marketing is much better than the movie itself! I expected, it would be great, well-directed, and well-written, but the fact is: it's just 'Kick-Ass' with 'Marvel' package. Violence, comedy, romance, violence, comedy, romance, violence, comedy, romance. Pointless. Meaningless. Bad script. Bad directed. So many movies have better romance story, 'The Raid' has better action scenes, and the jokes in this movie are crude, dumb, and dirty. With a bunch of pop references that will get outdated fast. Not even understood by people outside America. This movie tries so hard to entertain, but it's boring! It's absolutely cheap, this movie just tries to make you laugh, that's all, there's no good stroy! Mark Wahlberg should be in it. Most over-hyped movie so far. This the most smart-ass, smug and arrogant film I have ever seen. It is like an annoying teenager who won't stop shouting and swearing to get your attention before saying "I don't care what you think" when you know very well they do care what you think. It wants to seem fresh and clever but panders to it's unpleasant teenage audience by including mediocre violence, a linear Super Hero origin movie plot, limited fourth wall breaks that are not creative and constant swearing. The narrative structure is irritating as it constantly flips back and forth in time which stops you becoming engrossed in the action. The main character is very unlikeable. He comes across as an aged school bully and the other characters are not memorable at all, particularly the bland villain and the protagonist's girlfriend who is a stripper (that's not sexist at all). He only breaks the fourth wall by talking to the audience which so many other films do already and the satire doesn't work as it seems just like the films it's satirising just with more swearing. The only clever joke I recall is the opening credits that I won't spoil if you actually want to watch this film. From then on it is boring, unpleasant rubbish. I probably wouldn't hate it so much if it wasn't so smug. This movie is awful and is only liked by 10 years old. It's pointless and half the movie doesn't make sense. Don't waste your money or time. Only fan boys and people who don't take movies seriously enjoy these type of dumb movies. I guess it takes no plot, terrible acting and a few funny jokes to make a movie. The fact this movie made so much money is beyond me. There was no effort involved. The director , the producer and actors should be ashamed. They're robbing you of your money and times. THEY JUST MAKE A FEW FUNNY JOKES AND ITS RATED A HIGH 8 RATING LIKE IS THAT ALL YOU NEED A FEW FUNNY JOKES AND NO PLOT WHATS SO EVER TO MAKE A "GOOD" MOVIE!!!!!! I can go on and on but just don't waste your time !!! Deadpool sucks!!! I'm so glad to see that there are actually other people on the planet who think this film was terrible. Everyone is losing their minds over the film on social media billing it as the best film they've ever seen ever. I think its got something to do with 'breaking the fourth wall' (something Malcolm in the Middle did expertly), making jokes only funny in a 13 year-old boy's changing rooms, unnecessary graphic violence and nudity which is absolutely unnecessary... that is until you realise that this film has been written by/for people who still think farts are funny. The humour in this film isn't even as sophisticated as White Chicks or Scary Movie. It's not a parody either. As an example, the guy behind the bar delivers his lines like he's reading them for the first time. No comic timing, no life, no urgency. That may be his character but whatever comedy is supposed to be in his dialogue goes missing immediately. They also take jokes too far. Sometimes, just leading a viewer into the realm of a joke is fine, leave them there, let them get it themselves - not Deadpool. It's like they knew people with the sense of humour of a 9 year old would be relishing every pointlessly gory banal second and they not only explain the joke, but they keep talking a good minute after the joke has been, gone and not been laughed at; still telling the same joke. In short - no, this is not the best film you've ever seen ever. For that (in a comic book adaptation), go watch The Dark Knight or The Avengers. This film's storyline, jokes and content have all been either written by or for adolescent boys who still think 'boobies' are things to snigger behind your hand at at the back of a biology lesson. Everyone involved in this film needs to grow up and so do the people leaving 10 star reviews. I'm sure if they watched Postman Pat the movie and he swore, they'd give that 10 stars too. The first question i want to give to everyone here: how this got more, than Three colors, Grand Hotel Budapest or more than English Patient? Here is NO any director's work, here is NO actor play it is just extremely boring and defective movie for kids, not for an adult person.I can get that many people like comics films, OK, but so huge amount of toilet humor, so huge amount of vulgar in bad sense of this word, it is not really comics film, it is just some kind of mix cheap comedy, thriller and a superhero film. I literally felt myself ashamed during watching this, like someone can see me watching this and get bad opinion about me.If my review will be publicated, person who a reading this and deciding to watch or no, please, spend you're time during watching one of those films, that i listed before, not watching this. This was one of the worst films I have viewed in years and appropriately, it should have been named Dread Pool.In reality, this film made absolutely no sense whatsoever. A Batman like character uses profanity as if it is going out of style and to gain sympathy of the viewers, we are informed of his terminal cancer diagnosis.What was this movie essentially about? Who was that old blind woman carrying heat?How the Golden Globes could even consider Ryan Reynolds for best actor in a musical or comedy for this farce is shocking.Thank the Lord he didn't win the award.There is enough violence is this miserable film to last for a life-time. This has become my 21 y/o son's new favorite movie. My 16 y/o daughter loves it too. They both love comic-book movies but my wife, who (like me) can take them (Batman) or leave them (...lots to list here....) also liked it.I don't get it. I have a pretty high tolerance for profanity (I made it thru Straight Outta Compton without flinching) and am willing to get past excessive violence if there's something left when you get past all that (The Matrix is one of my top 5; I loved City of God; ...) but when you strip away the (sometimes clever) profanity and well-staged violence there's literally nothing left here.I don't get it. of a movie that tries to be cliché. At one point I had to ask myself if the dialogue and jokes were written by a ten year old. The movie tries so hard to stay true to that edgy annoying shtick that was laid out, and ends up looking tryhard in the process of trying to be tryhard, if you catch my drift. The "humor" was extremely predictable. The plot was extremely predictable. You have to be simple-minded to enjoy this tripe. I love dark, sarcastic and dry humor, but this movie was a terrible attempt. That this movie has a 7+ rating shows you how simpletons easily fall victim to the hive mind hype carried out primarily by comic-dorks who struggled with aspergers in high school and their social life in general. I think it is too bad that they are warping the super hero genre with all of the stupid juvenile sex jokes. It's like they wanted to mix the humor of the movie 'Superbad' which is aimed at that kind of purulent dung. How many F bombs, nudity and references to masturbation can your movie contain? They even included a scene of cartoon characters humping. Supposedly Ryan Reynolds visited sick kids dressed up like Deadpool, warping sick kids minds one child at a time. 'Gee mom and dad, can I see the Deadpool movie? My new hero is Deadpool.' As one who grew up reading Marvel comics this is very depressing. I'm sure this will be only the beginning of perverting the franchise the box office count was so very successful. This world is getting sicker and sicker. I'd never heard of this film, the only reason I sat through it all was because I was on a long distance flight and it was part of the inflight entertainment. Entertained, I was not. Now there are two kinds of bad films, ones that are so bad they are funny and the others that are just bad, unfortunately this falls into the latter category. It would not be possible to put a plot spoiler in this review, since the film has no plot. Basically, someone decided to make a film with the usual explosions, car crashes and gun fire and put a really camp guy in a red suit and give him as many awful unfunny one liners as possible. To perfect the badness of the awful script they found a really bad actor to deliver unfunny lines, although granted, even Al Pacino could not make this script good.The only thing fascinating about this film is the fact that somebody made it, edited it and released it, not noticing how truly awful this film is. If I were an actor, I would be so embarrassed to be associated this film. This really could go down as one of the worst films ever made, but not in a good way. I would not have believed with a budget of $58,000,000 somebody could make such a truly terrible film, it's just incredibly bad. The most misogynistic of all of Marvel's characters. I can see why Fox never wanted to film it. The script is loaded with sexist, borderline racist, pseudo-intellectual drivel (obscure pop cultural references are stupid, not smart). Why the hell would a middle-aged, disabled, African American woman put up with Ryan Reynold's arrogant white frat boy stupidity? My first reaction to seeing him lean on Big Al's shoulder was to punch his head. In Deadpool's world there are two types of women. The first is like his real life wife (Blake Lively)--the "good woman"--thin, anxious, insecure, helpless, religiously adheres to the trappings of traditional womanhood, and lives only to make sure her boyfriend/husband doesn't leave her by crowning him the center of her universe. Then there are all the other women--the lesbian, the un-feminine, the older woman, the strong/violent woman, the woman that has other priorities than to run around pleasing men like it's the sole purpose of her existence (reality check: most women have a heckuvalot more problems and responsibilities in life than to run in circles trying to make some guy happy--it's adolescent male arrogance to assume otherwise). These are the "inappropriate" women and their silence is in stark contrast to Deadpool's endless prattle. No smart alec retorts will ever come from them because only Deadpool and his white male friends are allowed to be vocal and "witty". In Deadpool's world white male privilege reigns supreme. Neither women nor people of color are permitted to have a personality, strong opinions, or an attitude.I am a huge science fiction and fantasy genre fan. If Fox and Marvel are going to keep churning out sexist, racially insensitive crap like this, I'll be voting with my dollar and watch something less insulting at the movies. Why did I waste time in order to see this movie, that I don't get...1. Desperate Ryan's effort to be funny made me bored.2. Mix of humor/irony + a little bit of romance and sex + a little bit of blood and broken ribs are not always the recipe to Hollywood success. 3. Girl's attempt to be sweet and leave the underworld couldn't make you feel sympathy. I will not even refer to his friend and the rest superheroes who seemed to get bored with the movie the way I did.Overall another failure for marvel, who wanted to produce something easy to digest... I was really looking forward to Deadpool as I'm a Ryan Reynolds fan and it's rated R.However the humor is toilet humor. It's about farts, jerking off and comments about actors, including Reynolds himself and other movies.The plot is that Wade Wilson gets terminal cancer and in order to save his life he agrees to undergo an experiment that will give him the power to heal. However Ajax, the man that turn people into mutants and sometimes just kill them, can't be trusted. And Ajax, who is the villain is played by the awful Ed Skrein from the awful reboot of Transporter. Ajax tortures Wade and the lab explodes (I can't remember why) and Wade has become scarred and takes the new identity as Deadpool. He starts to kill a lot of people looking for Ajax. But even though the movie is rated R, some scenes where he tortures badguys are actually not shown. Ajax in a desperate attempt to stop Wade kidnaps Wades boney girlfriend and Wade has to get help from the two most annoying X-men characters I have ever seen. Some lesbian looking teenage girl with a shaved head and a cgi-Russian guy made out of metal.The violence is awesome and a welcome change from the bloodless Marvel violence. However all the violence can be seen in the red band trailer and the rest is crap. So if you've seen the trailer, I recommend not watching the movie as you will be really disappointed.Bringing X-men into the movie is annoying as hell as I've always hated the X-men. And Wade talking to the camera gets really annoying after a while.On top of that the action itself is disappointing as this is clearly a low budget movie.Avoid this and watch the first Kickass movie (not the second one!!!) if you like violent superhero movies. Its an overrated movie with curses written by some 12 year old. No story, no real plot, the film could have done without the villain. This film deserves a 5 or 6 stars at the highest. The reason I am giving it a 1 is due to its over rating. The film mainly attract audiences of 16-25 years. Just a cash grab film. Simply marvel's worst. And there's the feminism there. The heroine always has to save the hero now. Ryan's acting was good in this movie. It suited him. The cgi wasn't bad. But if this movie were to come out before the Iron man then it would've got 4-5 stars. There are some marvel films which deserve higher rating instead of this movie . 