Other reviewers have delved into the troubling aspects of the movie such as the Robin Williams' character's dysfunctional behaviors and his seemingly sudden success in TV. Both are hard to swallow, but it's a movie and movies don't have to be realistic in every detail. There is one aspect of Mrs. Doubtfire, however, that I find deeply troubling as it demonstrates an inequity that often exists in our society and that should be recognized as detrimental rather than being immortalized in film. We all recall how strict the judge was in curtailing Robin Williams' contact with his children and yet, at the end of the movie when he reunites with them and the kids wonder if it's legal, he tells them to ask their mother and she says she took care of it by talking to the judge. I wanted to throw something at the screen!! How and why could a judge's ruling have been reversed merely because a woman had a conversation with him about her ex-husband's visitation rights?? Neither parent should be in the position to wield that much sway or power with a simple wave of her (or his) hand over whether to grant, restrict, or deny the rights of their children's other parent. (By the way, I'm a father who had custody of his two kids as they grew up and who went out of his way to ensure their mother's ease of access and visitation.) I've seen too many kids and too many families damaged and victimized when one parent or the courts use access as a weapon or bargaining chip. It was happening in 1993 when this movie was made and it's still happening today over 20 years later. It needs to stop! I like Robin Williams . I like comedies . What I find impossible to believe is that Mrs. Doubtfire looks like a female human . Instead Robin Williams looks like someone in a mask . A bad Halloween mask . Couldn't they find someone who knows the least little bit about makeup ? If the makeup doesn't work nothing works . The comedy doesn't work . The sentiment falls flat . Everything hinges on believing the characters . Maybe if Mrs. Doubtfire caused everyone to laugh uproariously at the bad makeup job I'd be interested . Perhaps .The makeup job done on Dustin Hoffman in Tootsie was first rate . Sure , she was plug - ugly . But at least he - she had a human face .You want to talk about good makeup . How about Max von Sydow in The Exorcist ? He looked so realistic that he actually had a hard time finding work after the movie because everyone thought he was eighty years old . I didn't bother looking at the name of the " artist " who did the makeup on this movie . But could it be the same person who did the makeup on the Wayans brothers on the movie White Chicks ? I wouldn't be surprised . How has Robin Williams been so successful in his career?  Sorry, I should to change that to 'How has Robin Williams (Good Will Hunting excepted) been so successful in his career?' This is not my usual response to actors who have been in the movie business for as long as he has, (and I can't resist saying it) too long in his case. I don't know if it is him who makes the movie so pointless, or it is the movie who makes him look pointless, and this is about all I can say, pointless, not a glowing recommendation is it.  Cynics would argue that all movies are pointless, in the grand scheme of things.  And that me commenting on one such pointless movie is nothing more than hypocrisy.But movies generally do have a point.  I definitely am the better for watching The Big Lebowski, The Great Escape or Clerks, as it gives people like me (the sort of person who wants to impose his opinions on other people) something to fill the quiet parts of my day with, to laugh about, to enjoy discussing. As Barry would ask in High Fidelity, what are your top 5 movies of all time? I bet there's not many of you reading this (thanks by the way) who have not compiled such a list in your head, or written one down, or laminated it afterwards (I jest of course), but it is an interesting topic of conversation. My top five isn't important enough to list (well it is, but I'd need to know yours as well), but it was easy to think about, which ones would I leave out? (big decisions)  My worst 5 movies of all time list was much harder, try it yourself, you'll know what I'm getting at.  I mean, even I can see good in Dirty Dancing. So we get back to Mrs Doubtfire.  Along with Alive, this movie was the first to pop into my head for my worst 5 list. How has Robin Williams been so successful in his career?  I know not.  But at least it gives me something to bitch about. When I wrote "Probably the worst film I have ever seen", I lied.The film was so bad that I walked out of the cinema before the film finished.  It wasn't funny, had no story, and the vision of Robin Williams in a dress plus full make-up made me feel physically sick. Not one funny seen. Site gags that had all been performed before.Redeeming message: Kids, its not your fault when your parents get divorced? Did we really need this movie to deliver this message? The plot has conflict, but the villain is a caring, responsible, parent. The protagonist is a loving, but irresponsible adult. There is someone to hold up on a pedestal. Being simultaneously compassionate yet reckless is such a tough feat. We really need to celebrate more unstable role models so that our future generations don't feel compelled to participate in society in a productive manner that is respectful of others. I really never saw the 'enormous' talent of Mr Williams... I remember watching him as Mork and just ended up turning the TV off and went outside to play baseball with my friends...I guess he strikes me as an 'intellectual' comedian when all I wanted was W.C.Fields slapstick... Mr Williams best work was 'Good Will Hunting', he was actually quite good in drama, in most of his comedy work he is portrayed as the person everyone (except the villain) just loves and cannot get enough of, 'Good Morning Vietnam' comes to mind, he was a disc jockey in a war and everyone LOVED him... Am I missing something here, his rants in that film are almost embarrassing...OK, the guy is dead, but, Mrs. Doubtfire was awful IMO... He won't take a paying voice-over role for some lame reason, most people would be happy to just work... He throws a party for his kid that is soooo over the top, animals walking around the house, dancing on the table etc, I almost felt like calling Sally Field and telling her to get home quick! When she told him to take a hike I cheered for her, he was obviously in need of therapy for that episode... Then he turns into a desperate stalker/cross dresser so he can be close to his kids, he should have thought about that before he turned down jobs and exposed his children to his manic and sorrowful behavior....That is when I stopped watching this dreadful film and went outside to play baseball again... Like I mentioned in the summary, my kids liked it and laughed a lot, but then again they were young and laughed at almost anyone who acted stupid... This sentimental nonsense isn't realistic. Its attempts at humour are pathetically lame. The plot is preposterous - a divorced father pretends to be a woman in order to be employed as a housekeeper in the house of his ex-wife and their children. As if none of them would notice that it's him! This is one of my all time HATED movies. I watched this when I was 7 and found it okay but now re-watching it, I find it is transphobic. When Mrs. Doubtfire urinates standing up and the boy sees, he immediately runs to his sister to say call the police. This is implying cross-dressing or being a transsexual is against the law. It isn't! Implying that is discriminating amongst people that are transgendered. Many parents probably will not see this but this movie is the exact opposite of what you want your children to see. It promotes prejudice against the transgender community. They will think it is okay to be transphobic in the future. Why? Because of this movie. Robin Williams continues acting in awful movies. The story is far away from funny. His acting also.The whole story is gruesomely, and can make bad influence on children, in my opinion.Maybe it is funny for newborns because the faces Mrs. Doubtfire makes..But not amusing for grownups, and children at age 3+ !The movie isn't based on funny characters and funny situations, as it should be. On the contrary, the main idea of comedy that the movie presents, are distorted faces, and too "blown-up" situations. It's a classical example how a movie can insult humans intelligence. Beggars belief that anyone could think this piece of nonsense is the slightest bit amusing. Robin Williams is nothing more than annoying and not once in this so called comedy could he raise the slightest of smiles. Truly dreadful piece of garbageNever been a fan of Robin Williams, his attempt to deliver zany humour is nothing more than cringeworthy and this his worst example. I actually felt sorry for his fellow cast members in this as he attempts to pull face after face and deliver corny attempts at humour in this thin, pointless piece of rubbish. For me this belongs on the shelf along with National Lampoon's Men in White, Re-possessed and anything in the Scary Movie genre as the biggest load of trash ever put on film. The worst cross-dressing actor of all-time? LOL, you're right!!!! 