I think to put Steve martin to be compared with peter sellers is an insult. they could not choose a worse pathetic untalented actor. If you want to continue the film without Sellers you have to find someone with at least same respect as a comedian who can perform as close as possible to the original actor who made the series a success. Martin has nothing to compare with Peter Sellers, lousy humor of martin cant reach the class of Sellers. I cant understand how can directors make such a bad choice, they will be punished from low audience. I was a big lover of this series and I am greatly disappointed even angry with this, I hope they will realise and choose someone else if there is gonna be a next one. I knew I would be dragged to the theatre (my girlfriend is a Steve Martin fan). So I ensured she watched the The Return of The Pink Panther (the best of the original series with Peter Sellers). She didn't find it funny enough, but did accept that, for the time the jokes were new and that Sellers as Clouseu was exceptional. But the original is still a great film. From exotic locales to a stellar cast to an intelligent script -it had it all. This version is a bore. It is by far one of the most unimaginative scripts ever written for a comedy film. Steve Martin tries to be funny and fails miserably throughout. It looks like he didn't even study Sellers' Clouseau or wanted to do his own version (our advice: don't try and improve upon perfection). The jokes and gags for the greater part of the film were predictable and childish. Beyonce, the actor, is useless. Only Jean Reno as Ponton was somewhat tolerable. Even the accents, that were so funny in the original, are a damp squib in this one. Steve Martin's french accent is as authentic as a Chinese Frankfurter. The lesser said about Kevin Kline in this film, the better. Overall avoidable on any format. Go watch the original. That's a class act. I expected this movie to be really good but instead I was disappointed with the boring performance by all the actors in this movie it was just dull and pointless, the story went nowhere and for me it was not even that funny at all! The only funny part was the hamburger part where he's trying to say the word with an American accent but that was shown in the commercials so much that it ruined it for the movie! Steve Martin has done so much better in his other movies such as Cheaper By The Dozen that this was such a let down! I don't recommend watching this you'll only walk out of the theater yawning! I give it a 1/10! Not to mention how boring Beyonce was and then it all ends up being some professional trainer guy who steals the diamond, i'd be better off watching the cartoon at home! From the beginning I knew a prequel to the PINK PANTHER series would be an abomination. I did not, however, think it would be worse than I expected. I went to see the movie because I am a fan of Steve Martin and his writing. His attempt at either imitating or recreating the Clouseau role (whichever it was) was, in the very least, a failed accomplishment. The beauty of the Sellers "Clouseau" was the subtlety that Sellers brought to the character. He was clumsy as opposed to stupid. The real humor in the originals is that Clouseau would solve the case, more or less, by accident through his faults. Thus when he received acclaim it was that much more humorous. Martin's "Clouseau" is stupid and vain and has no likable traits. He actually has some police skills that help him in the end, but are not in the vain of Clouseau. He is NOT Clouseau. Why would anyone want to recreate a character that was perfect? Some may say to introduce the series to a new generation. I say buy the DVDs. They are well worth the investment. There is one good scene in the film, which revolves around a cameo by Clive Owen. Granted the scene contains inside jokes but if you get them then you'll laugh. However the scene has nothing to do with the story of the film and Steve Martin should be ashamed of himself for writing such rubbish. The bottom line Peter Sellers must turning over in his grave, but I am sure he's glad he is dead so he does not have to see his legacy damaged. One four letter word is all that is needed to sum this piece of tripe up, and it sure as hell isn't good, okay or fair. I hated it, it is insult not only to the original but also to Martin who seems to have taken to doing these god-awful remakes that in fact only serve to butcher the memory and heritage of the original film.Sellars turned a star performance in the Original and while it was extremely silly, it was not childish.I would suggest a better use of your time would be to drill a hole through your hand. I therefore poo poo this film utterly and without remorse. All the jokes are very predictable, there is nothing new in the story. Steve Martin is once again OVERRATED and after 15 minutes you want to leave the movie theater.To be very honest there are only two good jokes and parts of the soundtrack is very good.Sometimes the background out of focus is more interesting to watch than Steve Martin. Hopefully they won't make a DVD of this film!When I saw the film eight people were watching and only one guy were laughing.I found a total waste of time and money! Hollywood decision-makers have either no brains or no b#%*s -- or both. The Stink Panther is yet another example of a remake gone south. It takes such gall to defile a classic like The Pink Panther.Who does Steve Martin think he is? Why didn't they just dig up Peter Sellers' corpse and urinate on it? It would have been funnier and Peter Sellers would have thought it more dignified.I'm told 3000 scripts come to Hollywood every month. It is not conceivable so many are so horrible that The Stink Panther must prevail. What a waste of money. Steve Martin should give his salary back. I wish I could get back the money I paid for the tickets.Hey, Hollywood Bigwigs, get your heads out of your a%&*s and show some b#%*s. Showcase some new talent and get out of this horrid trend of insulting the intelligence of the American people with s*^%#y remakes.One can only hope The Return of the Stink Panther 2 is not on some storyboard, surrounded by idiots who have never ventured east of the San Diego Freeway. I knew, of course I knew it couldn't really be anything like the original - The word original in itself tells you something. But I went because I love and respect Steve Martin and thought that perhaps he had some ace up his sleeve and was going to delight and surprise everybody. Stupid me, really. But I couldn't possibly have imagine that the movie was going to be the moronic disaster it turned out to be. Not a moment of real comedy, not a moment! Leave poor Clouseau in peace! Invent something new! Greed, I imagine is at the center of it all. The famous franchise syndrome. Let's beat the whole thing to death, without realizing that it's been dead now for quite some time. The scenes between Kevin Kline and Steve Martin should have been classic (They were funnier in Grand Canyon) instead a sad forced unconvincing attempt to justify their pay checks. I'm totally disappointed and depressed. Having seen the Pink Panther series since its inception. The characters are known entities with built-in personalities and comedic value.Why then is the corpse of Peter Sellers spinning like the Bush Press corp.This is a turkey that must be killed, to save the memory and comedic value of the prequels.Adding Beyonce? Take the bitch behind the barn and leave her there. We saw enough of her empty headedness in Austin Powers. (leaving that series in stinkville).The best part of the film and the most telling is Steve Martin's (Clouseau) ignorance of the sound proof booth, giving him the chance to fart in private. Too bad Steve, not even a sound proof booth can keep the audience from smelling and hearing this stinker. I really don't understand Steve Martin!! First he tries dismally to revive the late great Phil Silvers character "Sergeant Bilko" and now he also has tried to revive equally dismally the late great Peter Sellers character "inspector Jacques Clouseau".Now don't get me wrong, I am a fan of Steve Martin but as I was checking out his movie history it dawned on me that he hasn't been funny in almost twenty years! If he had retired after "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" he would have had almost the perfect movie career. And would now be remembered as a legend of comedy just like Sellers and Silvers.But as with most actors, he doesn't know when to quit and he has now starred in two decades of Turkeys. Bowfinger is perhaps the only exception.Now back to the Pink Panther. It is a truly an awful film. His performance is lame to say the least. Peter Sellers Clouseau was a masterpiece; Martin is comparison a pale imitation. The problem is Martin has run out of original ideas. Like an aging pop star that has ran out of original material, he has reduced himself to singing covers.But in the Circus that is Hollywood one should always seek the high wire and never be the clown. So therefore perhaps its time Martin called it a day. What a waste of time and talent...... Kline, Martin, Reno... They should have known better, considering their age, talent and somewhat rich past. In this new Panther NOTHING works! Everything is SO mediocre and banal.... Sad to see Martin finally sank to fart jokes! Y'know the rest.... It gives one goose-pimples just to hear the actors speaking in English with Frech accents! There is also this very embarrassing scene where Closeau tries to learn the right pronunciations.... Man, c'est horrible! Why do they churn out such idiotic films in nowadays Hollywood? Do they have no talent left or do they think we the audience such stupid mushrooms????? Avoid at any cost! P-U this movie is one big stinker!!! How could anyone like this piece of garbage! Steve Martin is horrible as Inspector Jacques Clouseau, and could quite possibly take away the title for worst accents from Kevin Costner! I mean really Peter Sellers was a genius and that part was made for him but if Steve Martin can't do a French accent then get someone else! He tried to cover his lack of ability by pronouncing his "r's" as "w's" and it came out sounding like baby talk! Moderized gags and crappy jokes lead this stink bomb straight to the sewer. I took my kids to see this and they were not even impressed in the least and they are 15 and 10 years old! Don't waste your money seeing this in the theater, don't buy the DVD until it hits the $5.00 bin that way it won't cost much more than renting it and you can burn your copy after watching it that way you will get some satisfaction! After growing up watching the original movies I couldn't get into this. The timing of the humor is only one of it's many short falls. for anyone who have seen the real inspector Clouseau in action, played so well by Peter Sellers, this movie is not only a HUGE disappointment, but more of a personal insult. i 'm a huge fan of Steve Martin, but in this movie he is way off - at all times. i cant find one - 1 - single scene where he is remotely funny, and while watching it, i just wanna crawl under the table and cry, thinking to myself: why was this crap made? i wont start on any of the other actors, there is no need to. there is nothing positive to say, at all. and its not the actors fault, this ... accident of a movie. not even Steve Martins fault ... i try to convince myself ... even if he is in part involved in the screenplay. if someone invents a time-machine, please let me know, cause i want to go back in time, buy this script, and burn it.no matter what you do, it will be time better spent than to go and see this ... this ... major disappointment. Perhaps the worst movie "remake" ever. So bad it is painful to watch. Watching Steve Martin try to fill the shoes of Peter Sellers is like comparing Vinilla Ice to Mozart. I am actually surprised the film editors/soundtrack didn't include a laugh track with the movie...like a TV sitcom. Steve Martin takes everything Peter Sellers made hilarious and unforgettable: the bumbling ineptness,unintelligible french accent, and in the first 2 opening minutes had me wincing in pain. If you have seen any of the original PINK PANTHER/Peter Sellers movies, I recommend not seeing the Steve Martin PINK PANTHER movie ever. It is a mar on a series of movie classics and Peter Sellers. OK, I did laugh once...when Dreyfus said "perhaps you still are.." I can safely write the shorts review ever for this... It is Junk, a poor representation of the original genius. Avoid this film, don't give the makers any incentive to make similar movies again.Terrible. However, in order to post a review, it needs to be 10 lines long.So I will take the opportunity to tell you that in every scene is highly visible brand placement. Beyonce has a nice body, but she is not a movie star, or even a sympathetic screen presence as J-lo.The accents are all over the place.. The acting is lame and tired.Don't go. end of story I can see NO REASON (except money) for making Pink Panther movies after the sad demise of Peter Sellers - and this isn't even a good attempt at one... But isn't it OBVIOUS that it can't be good - if somebody had the GENIUS to make a movie as fun as the original panthers, then they'd probably also have the originality to make their own, new franchise - if you're desperate enough to revive another franchise, then you've already admitted that you're without any ideas of value, so it doesn't take a scientist to figure out that the result will be of a very low standard. I think it is a sad attempt at making money and I do wish that they'd abandon their current filming of a sequel to this rubbish, seeing as it's only tarnishing the otherwise magnificent career of Steve Martin - a comedian not in any way in the league of Peter Sellers, but still, under more amicable circumstances, a highly enjoyable actor whom I would wish I could have a better opinion of, despite this film! I used to love Steve Martin - that's why I saw this film. Remember his superb The Jerk, The Lonely Guy, The Man With Two Brains, The Two of Us, Roxanne.But this one - what a piece of flat, mindless stupidity. Bad script, bad acting, worse direction. The original Blake Edwards' films with Peter Sellers were funny (even if uneven). But this one is dreadful. Cringe city! Maybe if Martin had had a director who understood comedy and comic timing and setting up jokes and hey actually being funny, then it could have worked. How embarrassing to see Kevin Kline wasted, and as for Beyonce - what is that about??? The film left a really bad taste in my mouth. I imagine someone in Hollywood thought this was a good idea, but they were sadly, sadly mistaken. Steve Martin stopped being funny about the time he finished Dirty Rotten Scoundrels and this film may well represent the nadir of his career. Kevin Kline's accent is all over the map and he is clearly mailing in his performance for a paycheck and little else. I can honestly say I rarely feel sorry for an actor (they are getting paid, after all), but Jean Reno just looks flat-out embarrassed to be in this stinking pile of crap.Sadly, since this mess grossed more than $125 million world wide, we will probably have to endure a sequel... sigh. Hollywood is in very big trouble when half the films it churns out are remakes, sequels or movie adaptations of T.V. shows. Sadly, originality doesn't seem to be making money for Tinseltown; although that might partly be the fault of the skeptical paying audience who certainly don't do their part often enough. Unless the film is hyped to the moon (Brokeback Mountain, The Passion Of The Christ) these films bomb despite the rave reviews.What is worse, these remakes often rely on scatological/toilet humor and many lack any charm the original film or movie had. Most of these films are nothing but cash grabs by greedy actors.I thought that Blake Edwards would stop with The Pink Panther films once Peter Sellers died. He made 3 more; none of which were anything special but all of them were better than his ill-fated allowance of this putrid remake of the 1962 original. Instead of the classic humour of the Sellers original, we get flatulence, non-actors like Beyonce Knowles and a dumb script by Steve Martin and Len Blum. Martin should have done better than this; he has written some good films and could have made this in the vein of the classics but he decided to market it to 9 year-old boys.So despite a good cast (other than Beyonce), the story of Inspector Clouseau trying to solve the murder of the soccer coach is put on the back-burner in favor of shoving toilet humor and 1992-2006 ideas of "funny". When this is what you have to watch out for then this becomes a problem. I don't think anybody older than 9 will find anything of value in this remake. Stick with the originals and pray that they don't remake every Pink Panther film. I feel so sorry for Peter Sellers and seeing Hollywood remake his classic films. I have to suggest that this film is a total disrespect of the Pink Panther genre and all the guys involved in the original series. Does Steve Martin have to say yes to everything that he is offered, although, I notice that he had something to do with the screenplay so any criticism of him is warranted. His accent was diabolical,it was not funny in any context, Peter Sellers had the ability as Clouseau to make me roar with laughter just looking at him; whereas Martin just frustrates me. I suggest that any script that may have been used was written on toilet paper so that any evidence of it could be discarded within seconds. This film was just not funny in any way whatsoever; I sat there open mouthed and shame faced watching it; why Blake Edwards allowed his name to appear in the credits is beyond me. RIP Mr Sellers. This film is a disgrace to the reputation and the respect that the world has for Peter Sellers, Blake Edwards, and the original Pink Panther set of movies. Steve Martin acts like a complete idiot and doesn't know when to stop with the jokes. It's just not natural humor like Peter Sellers gave us. Instead, it's just stupidity. Second of all,The film shows a very modernistic view on the life of Inspector Clouseau. Beyonce's single in it completely makes someone wanna plug their ears and run for cover. As if Blake Edwards would've wanted some stupid pop music in a movie that was meant to be a tribute to his work. This film was most definitely the worst movie I have seen in the last 12 months (and that's including The Producers!). After shelling out £6.80 (USD 12.5) to watch this film, against my better judgement, I was sat wondering why I hadn't bothered to pay the same price for some pins to stick into my arm to liven the moment slightly.This film was billed as a comedy; I laughed twice. No, I chuckled faintly twice, acknowledging an attempt to create a mildly humorous situation. The film really felt as though it had been drained of life and laughter.I won't go into the storyline here, except to say that it was extremely weak, and looked as though it was trying to 'update' a typical Peter Sellers moment into the modern day, with the football match and the flashy cars. It failed to create even a weak sense of tension, and when watching I felt no sense of empathy with Inspector Clouseau, played embarrassingly badly by Steve Martin (not something I'd want on my record).It's a shame that this travesty of a motion picture shares the same name as some of the classic Peter Sellers comedies. Many remakes of old classics flop, but this film didn't even do that. It is pleasing to note that an image search for 'pink panther' and 'clouseau' show no traces of this instantly forgettable film. It belongs in the bargain bit at your local convenience store. Maybe I had to high expectations from this movie. Knowing that this will never be a Sellers movie still I might have hoped that Steve Martin could give life to the story. Steve has done great movies before and could have pulled it off.P. Sellers made Clouseau look more idiotic and lost then Steve did in which I find is the cornerstone for the character. Clouseau should be presented as a cynical genius who lives in his own world. Sometimes I found that the French accent that is a trade mark of Clouseau almost sounded German. Call me old school but I'm looking forward to dig out my collectors box of old Pink panther where I can enjoy an actor that can do his character so well that you almost think that he is stupid in real life. Why I think this film is awful. The main problem was casting --- Steve Martin is a talented comedian, and his comedic brilliance is best portrayed in "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, My Blue Heaven, LA Story, Father of the Bride, House Sitter, Sgt. Bilko and Bowfinger" - just to mention a few. Steve Martin is brilliant when portraying American characters, but was unforgivably cringe-worthy watching him attempt to speak English with a French accent and the mediocrity that was supposed to pass as slapstick, was all too painful to watch. The role of Inspector Clouseau's character performance-bar was previously raised by the late British actor Peter Sellers in "A Shot in the Dark" and "The Pink Panther" films. In my opinion Peter Sellers had set the benchmark on the character Clouseau with the accent, clumsy demeanour, body language and facial expressions.In my opinion, this film was a farce. 