Nowadays we keep forgetting how beautiful blockbusters can be. Too much CGI makes everything possible and therefore very often also arbitrary. In Raiders you actually seem to feel the physical pain some of the actors/stuntmen had to go through to provide 2 hours of pure entertainment.Of course the story isn't waterproof, the Nazi weren't that present in Egypt in 1936 and how did Indy survive that ride on the submarine again? But lots of good and variable action scenes are accompanied by a story that develops fast and excitingly and is always close to being implausible but luckily never is. Spielberg, Lucas and most of all Harrison Ford created a hero that is nowadays iconic. With their attempt to make an homage to adventure comics of the 1930's they created their own legend. It's funny, exiting, thrilling and romantic. What more can you ask for? This movie has it all, action, romance, comedy, giant boulders and occult seeking Nazis. Story conceived by George Lucas and screenplay written by the same guy that wrote Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi. If that doesn't sell it, then look no further than Steven Spielberg because he directed it. Awesome movie all around and definitely a genre classic. An absolute must see for any movie fan that likes fun. It is a hot sunny day in South America. We see a bunch of men, shot mostly from the back. They are walking deep into the forest. We see a tall dark figure. He is wearing an old leather jacket, he has the 5 o'clock shadow looking like it's closer to midnight, he wears a fedora and he carries a bull-whip ( yes a bull-whip ). Finally, two of the men enter a cave and we hear about some guy named Forstall, who was good, very, very good, but he never came out of the place alive. But they enter anyway. They are confronted with tarantulas, spears that are triggered by blocking out the light, a pit that they must swing over and then more tiny poisonous darts that come out of the wall. All this to protect an ancient gold statue. They recover it. One guy dies and the other barely makes it out of the room before it all falls on him. Then he has to get out of the cave and a giant boulder chases him. Finally he makes it out of the cave only to be surrounded by Hovitos and his arch enemy named Belloq. He takes the gold statue that this guy worked so hard for and then the guy runs and makes it to the plane where he is in the passenger seat and there is big snake in the plane. He hates snakes. This mans name? Indiana Jones!Whhhoooooo!! I'm left breathless just describing that opening. But is there a better beginning of a movie ever? Absolutely not. Does the beginning have anything to do with the rest of the film. No. It is all decoration for what the movie is going to put you through in the 90 minutes to come.Indiana Jones is the best character to ever hit the screens. And he better be. He is created by George, Steven and played by Harrison Ford. That may seem normal now that we have lived with him for 20 years, but can you imagine what that must have been like back in 1981. That would be like Tom Hanks or Will Smith joining forces with James Cameron and Steven Spielberg for a completely original idea in today's terms.Raiders took a simple idea and maybe an idea that the guys had from watching Saturday afternoon movies and made it larger than life. This film never stops for you to take your breath. It is filled with rich characters from Indy himself to Marion to Belloq and even to Marcus Brody. Each has their own personality that shines through in certain scenes. Some of my faves were when we first meet Marion having a shot contest in her bar in Nepal. Then there is her scene with Belloq and they get drunk together and she tries to leave using only a butter knife. And of course who can forget Indy's battle with the swordsman and his unrivaled determination to get the ark. " Indy, there is not time. If you still want the truck it is being loaded on a truck for Cairo. " ( a battered and bloody Indy ) " Truck? What truck?" ( and then later ) "Get some transport back to England, boat, plane, anything. Meet me at Omar's. I'm going after that truck. "Sola ) " How? " ( Indy ) I don't know I'm making this up as I go."Raiders has more energy than three action films. And that is what makes it the classic that it is. If you like movies, then Raiders is a movie that will not let you down. It is pure entertainment and that is indisputable. It finds the youngster in all of us and bombards us with this silly, whip-cracking, average, incredibly determined archaeologist and only asks us to have fun. And that we do. And to me, the only reason that Chariots of Fire won best picture that year is because it is a serious film. Raiders was heads and shoulders above Chariots and it should have cleaned up at the Oscars in 81. But more politics with the academy.Raiders of the Lost Ark is the epitome of entertainment. What more can be said about it. If you haven't seen this movie in a while or if you haven't seen it at all ( gasp ) then do yourself a favour and rent it tonight. It is awesome.TRUST ME I remember seeing this movie when I was young, and it may well have been in the cinema with my Father, I can't quite remember (if he does, then please post the answer), anyway I do remember seeing it and being thoroughly entertained and that feeling of excitement and total fun staying with me to this very day as that is the feeling that the movie conjures up whenever I think of it.I think a part of that is down to the fact it's a complete retake on the old serial movies combined with obvious comic book style, and that is just perfect for kids and appeals to them no end, or rather it did then! So it was with excitement that I opened my presents on my birthday and found the boxset for the Indiana Jones Trilogy, and with even more excitement when I finally watched the first in the trilogy, Raiders of the lost Ark.It was just as I remembered, fun, excitement, wise cracks, a tiny splattering of romance but with a manliness that kids would allow, and lots of stunts and action. It's a superb movie and captures that style of serials, adventure stories and comic books perfectly, how I know that for sure is only through repeats since I wasn't alive during those times.The set pieces are fantastic, and although some of the wilder end sequences are slightly dated now, it hasn't lost the excitement factor. It's a perfectly crafted movie as well, moving from location to location without any distraction or superfluous scenes, it just feels like it's all there for a reason and that it belongs there.Harrison Ford is excellent in the role, and I'm inclined to think he was more Indy than he was Solo, but that's a personal opinion. He has many more facial movements and voice inclinations in this early movie than he does nowadays, now he belongs to the moody, quiet school of acting, then he was dynamic, adventurous, strong and as wisecracking as the best of them.There are some excellent movie making moments in this with George Lucas and Steven Spielberg showing talent galore just oozing out of every pore (where did all that go for Star Wars I to III Mr Lucas?), and they end up making an excellently entertaining movie.Some could argue that there could be a bit more depth or seriousness to the story, but come on, it's a ripping adventure yarn, you don't need depth. Saving the Ark from the Nazi's, surely that's enough! An excellent movie and great fun too, without a doubt one of my favourite of all time. This movie has everything: action, a good cast, humor, a wonderful soundtrack (John Williams) a good pace and a good script. I watch this movie like 2 or 3 times a year and it still fascinates me. Thank you for this masterpiece mr. Spielberg! They don't make movies like this anymore! If you've seen this movie and heard the score, then my one line summary won't read like a mating call for sheep, but rather the absolutely exhilarating "Raider's March" which stirs my blood and makes me think of an unforgettable hero, Indiana Jones. If not, see it now.I love going to movies. I always have. I remember when this film came out. My friends had seen it before I had. They boasted it was great, the best film ever. Some even said it was better than Star Wars (utter blasphemy to a devout 10 year old Jedi-wannabe). I thought no way is this film better than Star Wars, but I was still curious and began the begging of my father to take me.When I was young, almost all of the films that I had seen, I saw with my Dad. He would take me and my mother would stay at home with my siblings. We saw a number of films that failed to generate a reaction with him as they did with me, but this one was different. This one, my Dad might've enjoyed just as much.Who can forget the scene where Indy faces bandits in the marketplace, fighting swords with his wits and fists, only to be finally challenged by a dark robed adversary brandishing a heavy, dismembering type of sabre as he swings the impressive blade about his head menacingly?Indiana looks his opponent up and down briefly and draws his pistol casually and shoots the villain dead as if his patience had been tested a moment longer than he could tolerate.My father, and the entire audience for that matter, laughed and cheered at this incredible scene. And it was the first time I'd actually been aware of his enjoyment of the film. Usually I'm so transfixed that I wouldn't notice if my legs were on fire. He enjoyed it so much, that he still tends to bring up that scene, even today.My father and I shared a great moment in movie history, and I will never forget it for as long as I live. I will always be grateful for the time we spent together and the films that I otherwise would have been unable to see without him taking me.Just a side note about the scene I've described above. It wasn't meant to go that  way at all. As Steven Spielberg explained in a television interview, the scene was meant to have an elaborate fight sequence, but Harrison Ford was suffering from diarrhea and couldn't go through with the elaborate set-up required. Someone said, "the only way we can finish this scene today is if he shoots him". Steven said, "Wait a minute, we might have something there."As for where it ranks with Star Wars, it's hard for me to say, so I won't. Star Wars was the first film I ever saw, and there's a story in that as well. Thanks again, Dad. Raiders of the Lost Ark, the first of the Indiana Jones trilogy and definitely the best. This movie redefined what an action adventure movie could and should be. After the epic Horror Adventure that is Jaws comes the epic action adventure, Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark. This movie easily deserves 10 stars for it's sheer innovation, directing, visuals, and entertainment ability. Here's why. Harrison Ford is a perfect choice for the awesome hero, Indiana Jones. An archaeologist who dreams of fortune and glory, he embarks on an adventure to find the Ark of the Covanent and save it from the Nazis. Harrison Ford is perfect in this role and it's so refreshing to see a badass hero that everybody can root for simply because he's awesome and embodies everything we want from an adventurer. Every moment of him is simply cinematic gold and it makes him shine against everyone else, even himself as Han Solo. That's not to say that the supporting actors aren't great, they are, but he's the main character and he steals the show which he should. Steven Spielberg really went out of his way with this masterpiece. The practical effects and stuntwork isn't just phenomenal, it's almost godlike! The action is jaw dropping in its awesomeness to the point where it almost doesn't even look like a movie, it looks like a portal into somebody else's universe: Spielberg's universe. What visual effects that are used are so good that it makes modern day action flicks look like stupid college projects that got F's. Michael Bay ain't got nothing on Golden Age Spielberg! Every scene screams with action and it just gets better and better all the way through but it never forsakes the story in place of action. Modern day directors need to take notes from this movie. Once somebody watches this movie, you soon find yourself in a trance in which you can never get sick of it. Nobody can get sick of Indiana Jones, it's not possible. Go watch this movie and you will be very pleased. Or just listen to the Golden John Williams music, that works too. Absolute perfection from start to finish,pulls you in and doesn't let you go til it's over.. in my top 5 movies of all time. There are few movies I can watch over and over again, but this is one of them.  This movie has it all: action, romance, comedy, and suspense. Harrison Ford is at his best as Dr. Jones, one of the most exciting archeologist ever.  From the start to the end you are hooked to this movie. I love the opening when he as to dodge traps as he tries to get this treasure, I love it when he is running through the streets trying to save the girl, I just love every bit of it.  Spielburg said he wanted a b-type movie like he remembered from his youth, but this far surpasses any b movie and any a movie as far as I am concerned. This film had a huge impact on my life. It (as well as Aliens) really introduced me to the films I love. The 80s and 90s were amazing for film while I was growing up. I love all the practical effects and wish they were still used a lot more than they are but cgi has taken over. Oh well. At least it has improved drastically over the years. Anyway, I feel like everyone should see this in their life and if you haven't....get on it There are only so many films in history that I can watch again and again, gaining new appreciation for, one of them is this film. I went from the movies to VHS, and finally to DVD. The availability and quality of this film keep raising the bar of what I can get from it.I read someone posted that this is the king of B movies or something of that sort, while I honestly think in some scenes like when Indy is running from the Hovitos and he rises over the hill, the film had a really strange documentary feeling, like if a comic actually came to life and like in the Twilight Zone, you were stuck in it. It is great to see this film, now that I edit and produce small independent films, and have worked in post production in Los Angeles. I honestly think almost every scene in this film is better than what's coming out today in sci-fi/adventure. I might pull back that comment in regards to some nice visuals in Riddick, and maybe the new Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith, but I'm not certain.The amount of time and effort put into the comedy, adventure, and depth of each character dazzles me because I really can't tell it was filmed the same year Fame was. It really has a unique look to it. The key lighting in the piece is amazing, almost everything looks like it was perfectly worked out.My only complaint is the attempt to visualize the opening of the Ark, as most of the other scenes don't deal with the supernatural except maybe a burning crate with a nazi symbol on it. George should redo that last scene in my opinion, and tighten it up, because I really think it wasn't coming together, however when I was a child it was so amazing and scary realistic. It's all perspective, but my point it that now in this modern filming era, the acting and film production is holding tight to this day.I forward you to just enjoy this film and look for things like formulas on chalkboards, skeletons in classrooms, proper patches on Nazi gear, gun accuracy. Research the film's era and background, and it only gets better. That's the ability that Spielberg and Lucas have, attention to detail and clever twists on most of their bodies of work.Watch this film again, it's worth it, I promise you. What can I possibly add to what has already been written? This film is a "masterpiece". It's placed in quotations because that word is bandied about on here for films that aren't fit to lace this movies' boots. This movie should be preserved for all eternity as a template on how to make an incredibly entertaining and wonderful film, and as I said earlier, there isn't much I can add to what has already been said about Raiders. Let's just say that there are only so many films I plan on introducing to my children when they get old enough and this film is amongst that list.
Harrison Ford was amazing in the titular role, and the supporting cast added immense scale and brevity to the work HF was doing as Indy.
Spielberg and Lucas created a character and movie for the ages.Keep an eye out for one of the most iconic film sequences of all time as well!Make sure that you give this film the rating and love it deserves. Thank you for reading! It's great. It's amazing. It's well-made. It's exciting. It's a movie I can watch countless times and never get bored of it (I have seen it several hundred times but can't count how many exactly). Simply, it's the quintessential action movie! One with a amazing story, super-cool hero, great bad guys, and awesome settings. There's not much else to be said...just watch it! The Indiana Jones series was the best series ever made, in my opinion. It was extremely fun and enjoyable to watch and it can be watched repeatedly, with no lesser joy. Harrison Ford as Indy is extremely charismatic, like Han Solo, but the character of Indiana for me has an essence that creates a more likable character (modesty, I think) and by doing that, it creates a better trilogy for me, indeed surpassing the Original Star Wars Tilogy (don't get me wrong I love Star Wars as well).Raiders is such a great film, containing some great action scenes (the Truck scene) and creating Indiana Jones, which is the best adventure hero ever made, partly I think due to Harrison Ford (I don't think these movies would have been as good with Tom Selleck). Well, we all know that this is the greatest of the four so far. What an excellent story and an introduction to archeology that my generation will never forget. Tomb Raider will have had the same effect on the next generation, while Time Team simply passed us all by.There's no way I can't review this film without calling it epic. Not in the traditional overly long film about Jesus or a Great War sense, but in the fact that it just gives so much to the audience.
I must have seen it twenty times at least, it's generally a tradition to watch them all starting on Boxing Day, I'm a bit late this year, but I still forget elements about this one, because there is just so much squeezed in, without compromising on the story or the characters.Indy is brilliant, the typical hero. Mild mannered and a bit of a clueless teacher during term time and a whip cracking archeological genius on his days off. Harrison is superb in this role, we know from 'Star Wars' that he plays the scoundrel well and his roguish charm isn't lost here either.
Marion is certainly the least annoying of his female companions. There's far less screaming than the blonde and loyal, despite their history.
Marcus Brody is played so very well by Denholm Elliot and I love it when we get to see more of his character in the third instalment.
Jonathan Rhys-Davies is great as Sallah too. He has a real presence on film and once again his role gets further explored in 'The Last Crusade'.
The other members of the cast all do a great job as well. I think it's brilliant that Pat Roach gets to appear in all of the first three films and although only a small part in each, he gives his best every time.The story is excellent, a real journey across the map to chase treasure by plane, car and boat. Which child of the 80's wouldn't find it exciting to watch this film? I know other generations that enjoy it too - older and younger. The action is new and fresh and you really route for Jones as he suffers the odd setback here and there, but wins out in the end.I still can't find the C-3PO and R2-D2 references in the hieroglyphs, I think you'd have to watch it a frame at a time to find them and I just don't have that time to spare.It's quality is obvious as it has been parodied everywhere from Family Guy and The Simpsons to a Terry's Chocolate Orange advert.I'm not looking forward to the next film as much. It is the weakest of the four (Yes, I like 'The Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull'), but it does hold a certain nostalgia about it.I think I could watch every film ever made in the next 40 years and still include 'Raiders' in my top 100. I can watch this movie 1000 times and I won't get bored. Watch - and enjoy! What are all those freakin' bulls**t reviews with 7 stars and less?
Especially 1 or 2 stars? Persons who recommend garbage movies like The Mummy or Tomb Raider instead of this instant classic!
I consider them NOT to be cineasts and not to have any clue of filmmaking.Why is INDIANA JONES a classic character? Well, you see it in the first minutes of this one. It is simply one of the best and coolest introductions of a main character.
And hands down, Harrison Ford is so much better than all other "Adventurers", because he is charismatic, charming, cool and smart.RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK still is an cinematic experience. Not this rubbish modern CGI, shaky cam garbage, causing headache to normal thinking people.RAIDERS has a very good cast, with Karen Allen, Paul Freeman (especially him), Ronald Lacey, John Rhys Davies and Denholm Elliott.
One of John Williams' best scores! A soundtrack lke this one (or the Bond movies in the 60s, 70s and 80s, Rocky, Star Wars etc.), you won't find anymore.
These were the times were a soundtrack had tunes to remember and not just loud, dumb and monotone sounds.
Legendary composers like John Williams, Ennio Morricone, John Barry, Bernard Herrmann or Jerry Goldsmith.
The cinematography, by another legend Douglas Slocombe, is just fantastic. Real sets, real locations, suspense and humour...and not humour of the silly sort like half of the MCU or The Mummy, because Indiana Jones is a serious character with a lot of irony, but he knows his situations and doesn't dance in front of the baddies in a very serious and dangerous situation (just fpr some lame, silly laughs). At the time this movie was first released, I saw a lot of movies. I pretty much saw every new release as it came out.So, I went to see Caveman (was I the only one who saw Caveman?) and it was billed with a Sneak Preview. The Sneak Preview was unnamed. If you can believe it, I sat through Caveman and made it to the Sneak Preview. I am glad I did. Raiders of the Lost Ark was the Sneak Preview and I was able to view the film before anyone even knew about it. It is a great movie with tons or drama, action, special effects and even Nazis. This movie has everything. It is a real treat. Watched this finally and during quarantine of all times with family I really enjoyed it keen to watch the sequels. Great thrill ride from start to finish with Ford and Allen perfect in the lead roles. Full of ingenious cliffhangers and iconic set piece scenes. One of Spielberg's finest films. Imitated but never bettered. Indiana Jones( Harrison Ford), a famous archaeologist and professor is hired by the government to find the Lost Ark of the Covenant. He talks to Marcus Brody( Deholm Elliott) before embarking on his quest, knowing he must discover the headpiece that will help him in his discovery. He travels first to Nepal to obtain the Medallion( staff of Ra) which will help him uncover the Well of Souls. While there he meets Marion Ravenwood(Karen Allen). She own a bar and is a hell of a drinker. Indy asks her about the piece and offers her 5,000 dollars for it. She tells him to come back tomorrow, and he leaves. Once he leaves she meets Toht( Ronald Lacy) and his crew of thugs. Marion tries to play it cool; but things start to heat up- literally. Soon Indy appears and a huge gunfight begins as well as a fire. After the destruction of Marion's bar she tells Indy she's his partner until she get's her money and shows him the piece .Indy and Marion take a Pan Am flight to Cairo; and along the trip unnoticed is Toht. Once there they meet Sallah( John-Rhys Davis). He tells Indy about Bulloq( Paul Freeman)a French archaeologist , who is in the area looking for the Ark. While in Cairo chaos ensues, and Marion appears to have been killed. Indy is upset and vows to get Bulloq, while there. Indy shows Sallah the Medallion and asks Sallah if he can find a translator to translate the markings. Once translated they realize Belloq and his crew are digging in the wrong place. Indy and Sallah go to the Tanis area and blend in perfectly. There Indy discovers that Marion is alive and well, but is Belloq's prisoner. Indy and Sallah break away from the crew and find the Well of Souls. Sallah is Indy's look out while he descends into the Well. He puts the The Medallion on the staff, and uncovers the Ark, but Belloq discovers him. He along with Marion are trapped down there. In order to escape they have to fight the numerous snakes, various booby traps, and the discovery of skeletons. Once they find a way out there next challenge is an out of control plane. Belloq discovers the chaos and realizes Indy has escaped.Sallah finds them and with the help of an old navy friend Sallah gets them aboard the ship The Bantu Wind. Once at sea Indy has a plan to follow to out Belloq is taking the Ark. Indy needs to find where the Ark is being taken.Once a Nazi submarine surfaces, looking for him Indy boards it and discovers he is on his way to a secret Nazi island. Indy discovers they are planning to have a ceremony to uncover the power of the Ark. Indy follows them and finds out Marion is their prisoner. Indy follows them buffing about blowing up the Ark if he doesn't get Marion back. When he is discovered he among Marion are Belloq's prisoners. They are tied to a pole and Indy tells Marion to keep her eyes closed to avoid the power of the Ark. Belloq and Toht continue with the ceremony, not knowing what they are about to embark on. Once the Ark is open, a power is unleashed. It is so strong it leads to Belloq, Toht's and the audience of Nazi's to there demise. In the end the Ark is recovered and is stored in ta huge warehouse.A great movie with an outstanding story, a great cast, and best of all Harrison Ford. Harrison Ford Is Indiana Jones! One of the most iconic heroes in movie history. You got George Lucas fresh out of episode 5, you got Steven Spielberg with movies such as Jaws to his name and you got Harrison Ford who by the time Raiders had come out he was already a household name. I think that--is a formula to success. The first entry in the Indiana Jones franchise, Raiders Of The Lost Ark is a good example of a classic adventure movie. In this film, Indiana Jones, an archeologist, has been sent to recover the Ark of the Covenant before the Nazis can dig it up.The film is amazing. Harrison Ford does an amazing job as Indy, and Karen Allen did a good job as Marion Ravencroft, the female lead. Also, the film has some good special effects (like the famous scene where Indy has to outrun a boulder, and the ghosts that appear when the Ark is opened, causing the villains to die gruesome deaths). This is a movie that should be checked out. Steven Spielberg is back, better than ever! After the dismal failure that was 1941, the acclaimed director teamed up with George Lucas, coming off his Star Wars fame to create one of the most memorable heroes of all time. Raiders of the Lost Ark is my favorite movie from 1981 and is in my top 20 films of all time. This movie gives everything you could ask for. Strong, memorable characters, witty dialogue, fantastic set pieces, exotic locations, great action, and a John Williams musical theme you could never forget. Indiana Jones is my favorite fictional hero and this movie is the example why I believe that.This movie has fascinating origins. George Lucas was writing this movie the same time he came up with the idea for Star Wars. He decided to pursue his space adventure instead to great success. In 1978, while on vacation in Hawaii, he ran into Steven Spielberg, who was coming off Close Encounters of the Third Kind. Spielberg expressed his idea of creating a James Bond movie. Lucas showed him his character, which was named Indiana Smith at first, thus creating a collaboration which would lead to this movie and two sequels and a prequel. The film also takes influence from the works of Edgar Burroughs Rice, 1930's serials, and a 1950's comic about a globe-trotting duck named Scrooge McDuck.This movie really has it all. With Spielberg and Lucas at the head, screenwriter Lawrence Kasdan joined the project to help polish the script. Together they created memorable heroes in Indiana Jones, an archaeology professor who travels the world to protect or find ancient artifacts and his former girlfriend Marion who is strong female character who is able to protect herself. For villains, we have the horrible Nazis, drunken Sherpas, Frenchmen making alliances with the Nazis, and Jones's favorite animal, snakes! He hates snakes! For locations: we have the sands of Egypt, abandoned submarine bases, the jungles of Peru, the mountains of Tibet, and so forth. If you want a travelling experience from your own living room, look no further than this movie.I was impressed with the plot. The plot is simple and really is a framework for all the impressive action scenes and stunts there are. But in the end, everything is coherent and makes plenty sense. It is the year 1936. Indiana Jones (Harrison Ford) learns from his good friend, Brody (Denholm Elliot) that the Nazis are searching for the Ark of the Covenant, a golden casket that was used to house the Ten Commandments. It has also been known that this arc is able to give power to those who wield it. Jones's mission? To reach the Ark before the Nazis do. He goes to Tibet to pick up Marion (Karen Allen) who has a medallion that has a secret to the location of the Ark. Together, they head to that location where they will try to beat the Nazis-and scheming Frenchmen at their own game.The performances are all excellent. What is funny that when Spielberg/Lucas did the casting, Spielberg wanted Harrison Ford from the get-go, but Lucas was against his casting because he did not want Ford to be is "Bobby De Niro" which is in reference to Martin Scorsese always casting Robert De Niro in his films. In retrospect, I do not think anyone could have pulled this role off like Harrison Ford did. Ford was brilliant and created a memorable character with his iconic performance. He is kind and intelligent character, but he can be ruthless at times. However, he is charming. Charm may be the one word that can describe Indiana Jones. I really dug Karen Allen's performance. A strong-willed character with the ability to protect herself. I liked the villainous performances from the slimy Nazis. Paul Freeman as Dr. Rene Belloq as the scheming Frenchman who happens to be Jones's rival, and Ronald Lacey as the incredibly slimy Nazi, Toht.Even in today's cinematic world, the visual effects and the action sequences stand out. I honestly cannot say what I liked the most since everything was so well-done! The opening sequence set forth what to expect in this movie. That boulder chasing Jones is an amazing sequence. That chase scene is great as well, and it makes good use of an old, classic joke! Another sequence that stood out to me is when Jones and Marion are holding on to dear life in the pit of snakes. That was a scene that let you feel real horror. And don't get me started on the face-melting sequences! I am still in awe what the special effects team did with this film.Raiders of the Lost Ark is a true classic that spawned a franchise that is still going strong today. Adventure stories with some history mixed in are my kind of stories. I like travelling to these exotic locations through these characters. This film has a unique balance of comedy, action, stunts, and adventure. When Nazis are your villains, this is how they should be used. As slimy creatures that can get their butts handed to them by Indiana Jones.My Grade: A+ There are so many ways in which this film is perfect, most notably is the brilliant re-packaging of old-school action and war films; away from the James-Bond style of the late 60s; away from the Cold-War suspense and intrigue. One of the most endearing features of the picture is that the movie opens with the main character,Indiana Jones' at the close of his current adventure. The technique generates an immediate sense of personal history and intimacy with the main character, and in effect, serves the audience dessert twice.The atmosphere of equal parts impending danger and chronic screw ups is set right from the start, with a lit-fuse pace throughout the movie. Every scene is tight. The sound, the lighting, the dialog,the music, the performances. Every character actor is well-chosen. So many ingredients to enjoy: adventure, humor, mysterious locations, romance, explosions. Only a Nazi could not enjoy this film! 