Dunkirk is, in my opinion, yet another masterpiece from mastermind Christopher Nolan. Since everything that is brilliant about the film has already been said I will briefly write what I think of the film and also touch on a topic that some people are criticizing the movie for.The fantastically directed film is told from 3 perspectives non chronologically. It superbly tackles the narrative and the non linear story doesn't at all pull you away from the intensity of the events happening on screen that don't stop from 00:00 to the last scene. Hans Zimmer most likely gives one of the most fitting scores for a war film ever. Sometimes there is only one note playing followed by heartbeat sounds and a ticking clock while other times a massive orchestra is interpreting what is going on on screen. The movie brilliantly projects the feeling of each and every soldier on the beach to the audience. Confusion, turmoil and fear. The cinematography was breathtaking and I felt anxious throughout most of the run time. There is no lead in this film and I can't really say anyone stuck out as giving a brilliant performance because it wasn't needed and I'll explain why.The biggest criticisms of Dunkirk that I've heard of so far are that the characters are lacking in depth and that we aren't given anything to be invested in them. I feel like Nolan was trying (successfully) to make the audience care for each and every one of the men on the beach. He needed to have some form of "main characters" to be in the story so that we can see the events unfold from the direct perspective of all of the soldiers. Usually in war films (I'll use saving private Ryan as an example) the plot revolves around certain soldiers (like Cpt. Miller and Ryan) being in a war and doing things in the war but its still about THEM not THE WAR as much. In my opinion Dunkirk is a telling the STORY OF DUNKIRK. Not of Harry Style's character or Tom Hardy's character but of Dunkirk. What any of the "main characters" felt, every other soldier felt. Nolan resorted more to film-making techniques to tell the story rather than dialogue and that is why some people might have had a problem with the lack of character depth but realistically this type of terrible event wouldn't be a place for someone to "develop" as a character but rather a event where MEN WANTED ONLY SURVIVAL, and Nolan showed that perfectly. As for what the top review of Dunkirk on IMDb says about 'lack of emotion' in the film, I believe this to be a completely incorrect statement. Maybe he was referring to the lack of 'brotherhood amongst men' or the feeling of moral or something epic like that. Again the longing for the 'Saving Private Ryan' format of war films. What the reviewer fails to see is that realistically there was NO emotion on that beach besides fear and confusion. And I can safely say that Nolan and Zimmer and the DP all successfully gave us those feelings.9.5/10 Saw an early screening tonight in Denver.I don't know where to begin. So I will start at the weakest link. The acting. Still great, but any passable actor could have been given any of the major roles and done a great job. I know almost no more about the battle of Dunkirk after seeing the film than I did before, and I am not exactly a WWII historian. Truth be told, I learned all I know about the battle of Dunkirk from the movie poster. Does that weaken the film? Hell no, this is a film about survival. The opening scene tells it all and sets the stage as we get our first glimpse into a young soldier's need to stay alive, and his creative attempts to do so. That actor may even be considered the main character of the film. More words have been written so far in this review than he speaks. And I have no clue who the actor in that role is. It is humorous that Tom Hardy looks like Bane through most the film in the role of a pilot wearing an oxygen mask throughout. Kenneth Branagh is the only officer with any lines in the film, so that should give you an idea of the POV that we experience. We are the enlisted man trying to find a way to stay alive in a chaotic and harrowing battle. Though I believe Dunkirk will win every single technical Oscar, I would be surprised if it has any acting nominations at all.How does Nolan elevate this above other films of a similar nature? I think he says it best himself, when he describes Dunkirk as a thriller more than a war film. He pulls that off superbly.When a ship starts to take in water as numerous bullets penetrate its hull, I wanted to jump out of my seat and cover up the holes myself.The film has three separate stories that are titled Mole, Sea and Air. And we all know where Moles live. The way the narratives of the three stories unfold and how they are all tied together is what makes the film a masterpiece. Much has been said about Nolan using IMAX film cameras and how the film is enriched by this. I don't know. I doubt I saw actual film being projected at my screening. Every frame looked terrific though. So what is the most superlative aspect of the film? Gotta be the soundtrack. Hans Zimmer will win the Oscar for this without a doubt. So , so brilliant. This is not a soundtrack that I would buy at the store and play on my stereo. This is a soundtrack that weaves throughout the three narratives seamlessly and creates this phenomenal sense of tension. There are times when a two or three minute tense orchestral passage plays continuously as the story shifts from the ground to the sea then to the air and the music draws the three stories together. Zimmer's soundtrack reminds me of the way that Bernard Hermann's work was so vitally important in building suspense in most Hitchcock films. Though that description almost sells Zimmer short. His soundtrack is that good.I don't think this is a film that will retain even half of its strength in your home theater. No folks, this is a film that you cough up for an overpriced IMAX ticket and rationalize it by knowing that experiencing Dunkirk in any other fashion will just not cut it. If you read through the swarm of negative reviews, you might notice a common theme: boring, dull, lack of characters. It's incredibly disappointing that they seemed the miss the entire point of the film.This is not a film about heroic soldiers triumphing against all odds while blowing up Nazis with transformer-esque explosions.This is a movie about scenes, not characters. -and every scene is memorable, from the bombings to the torpedoes to the aerial dogfights. My co-worker, who is obsessed with WW2 planes, noted how incredibly perfect they got the British Supermarine Spitfire from the roar of the Rolls-Royce engine to the rattle of the components in the cabin. The accuracy and intensity of the dogfight was captured perfectly as well, mimicking the aerial maneuvers, firepower and damage in a realistic and dramatic fashion. The torpedoes noticed only moments before impact with it's slow monotonous movement sent chills of realization down my spine. Even in the beginning of the film, the way in which the Nazi leaflets were presented gave you some glimpse into the panic and anxiety felt by those soldiers.I felt the "lack of characters" was realistic and served the film as well. War is not about larger-than-life personalities with specialized weapons being bad-asses. It's about nameless and faceless soldiers facing an existential crisis, the possibility of randomized death, and how they can either respond with despair or hope.If you want characters you can root for and a happy ending where the bad guy in vanquished, then there are plenty of movies for you. But if you want a small glimpse into the despair, anxiety, hope, courage, and will of the British WW2 fighters then there is no better film ever made than this one. I am always relatively confident that I'll enjoy the work of Christopher Nolan based off his pretty decent track record, however this gripping re-imagining of one of the darkest moments of World War II stands as not only some of Nolan's greatest work but one of the greatest war films I have ever experienced.Dunkirk does not necessarily tell the story of any one particular character, but rather adopts the event itself as the films vehicle, resulting in an experience which uses its characters to portray the event rather than the event to portray its characters. This is presented through scenes taking place at different stages of the evacuation across the land, air and sea, creating a distinctive setting for each, but culminating in the same final conclusion. This being said despite Dunkirk's focus not necessarily being its characters, I did not find a single character performance in this film lacking or inconsistent with the tone or setting presented technically. In particular Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance and debut actor Fionn Whitehead gave especially memorable performances consistent with the striking spectacle Nolan presents. As is expected with Christopher Nolan's films the visual presentation in Dunkirk has few rivals, the set pieces are outstanding with the use of breathtaking establishing shots to highlight the true historical scale of the real life evacuation. Action is presented in a smooth focused manner utilizing a few precise shots rather than an explosion of two second jump cuts we have come to expect in modern day action movies. There are multiple sequences which portray the pure fear, claustrophobia and disorder present in those final weeks of the evacuation and it is this ever present tension that will keep you engaged for the entirety of the run-time. However it is the sound design which truly made this production a masterpiece for me, delivering one of the most realistic representations of the terrifying sounds of War. Gunfire had a distinctly different tone to other films, being delivered with sharp crack, explosions where accompanied by a deep base and the famous 'Jericho Trumpet' made by the Stuka's presence be constantly reminded and portrayed the sense of helplessness present at Dunkirk perfectly.This is only enhanced by Hans Zimmer's excellent soundtrack embedded across the entirety of the film. Alongside Inception, Dunkirk showcases the exceptional talent Nolan & Zimmer have for combining meaningful score with striking imagery to create a distinctive emotional response from their audience. Through the skillful incorporation of an ever presenting droning base, screeching guitar strings and ticking timepiece the continual sense of urgency and dread felt by those both on land and sea is enforced across the entire film by this excellent soundscape. As a result I highly recommend that should you be given the chance you experience Dunkirk for the first time on the big screen, as the combination of a cinema screen and encapsulating surround sound will leave you with a truly memorable experience. Even though this is a film a majority will go into undoubtedly knowing the final conclusion, Dunkirk is an experience I highly recommend everyone consider, presenting a defining moment of modern history in one of the most technically accomplished and memorably striking ways, Dunkirk will undoubtedly go down as a hallmark in film-making for many years to come. What a Brilliant movie. We saw this on the night of the World Premiere, intense and packed full of fabulous acting... The camera shots were absolutely spot on, and you couldn't look away for a second without missing a perfect scene. The entire score, coupled with the dialogue and videography made this film and I cannot wait to see it again. This review will be mostly spoiler free but I don't want to be banned so I clicked it just to be safe..The basic plot revolves around the 450,000 odd British soldiers trapped in Dunkirk, France as the German troops close in. They don't close in on foot though, instead opting to pick the trapped soldiers off from the air and sea.This movie isn't a propaganda piece touting the glory of British resilience; most of the movie is just young men trying to survive, petrified for their own lives. The threat is ever present, there was a wonderful sense of tension throughout the entire movie. You really felt the cinema shake as the German planes closed in on the soldiers and let loose their bombs and you can feel the thick fog of fear.The enemy in this movie is very interesting because you never actually see a German face. The enemy is just a looming threat and comes in the shape of torpedo attacks and bombs from planes. I read that Nolan spent a lot of time studying silent films and how they built tension which is pulled off masterfully in this movie. Like the movie Gravity once this movie begins there is no down time, they are constantly being attacked in one way or another.The casting for this movie was absolutely superb. Our very own Barry Keoghan had a short role that I would liked to have seen fleshed out more but he pulled it off very well. Cillian Murphy was wonderful as always and played the role of a shell shocked soldier. Mark Rylance stole the show for me and put on a stellar performance as the father who is doing his duty to his country. His bravery never fades. Fionn Whitehead and Aneurin Barnard were excellent choices and I liked how Nolan chose largely unknown and inexperienced actors to mimic how young and inexperienced the soldiers really were during the war.When I heard that Harry Styles was in this movie I figured that it was just a clever ploy to pull in more ticket sales but I absolutely stand corrected. He put on an authentic, honest performance that was very impressive. There's a great scene in a boat where you see how he is affected by desperation and sheer terror that really sold it for me, his performance was extremely consistent.Tom Hardy is a chameleon... Any role he plays he is completely dedicated and immersed and you can't peel your eyes away from him. He has some of the most nail biting scenes and his scenes toward the end of the movie were very emotional and moving.Strangely enough some parts of the movie felt like watching old WW2 footage; it was grainy and real. This movie didn't rely on CGI, it was gritty and honest and beautifully shot.You really can't talk about a Christopher Nolan without talking about Hans Zimmer and the soundtrack. There were some scenes that were reminiscent of the docking scene in Interstellar because the music flowed so well with each scene that it evoked a sense of urgency and intensity. This is a phenomenal soundtrack. The movie starts to a ticking clock and it's only a matter of time until time runs out.There is very little dialogue in this movie but it isn't missed at all. This movie is an emotional power horse. I was genuinely moved a couple of times throughout it and it's one that will stay in my head for a long time.THE GOOD:Casting was perfect, the lesser known actors held their own weight against some of the veterans. The cinematography was fantastic, you really felt completely immersed in the movie. Hans Zimmer's score was Oscar-worthy. The movie will leave you on the edge of your seat throughout.THE BAD:The story line is not always linear which was confusing. Dialogue was sometimes hard to hear (but not necessary)_______Dunkirk is a fantastic movie, it's as simple as that. This should be the standard of movie that other directors should attain to achieve and here Nolan proves that he is one of the greatest directors of all time. The acting is superb and the entire movie is a treat for the eyes and ears. Don't miss out on seeing this in a cinema. From a different viewpoint as this author walked down 101 floors of the South Tower on September 11. Worked for Aon and came away with not PTSD or dust-health problems (I was far uptown when the towers came down). So as I sat watching Dunkirk, the cummulative effect was to virtually relive aspects of THAT day for me. It's impossible to describe horror, fear and what it was like to BE there, or BE at Dunkirk. Many films and books (fondly MRS. MINIVER was the first). Or the heroic dogfights of BATTLE OF Britain. This one - far different. I came out of the theater feeling that I had just been through not only Dunkirk but 9-11 as well. It is THAT effective. The lack of dialogue for a good part of the film draws the viewer INTO the story as a real participant. YOU'RE THERE. Spielberg did it a few times such as the 20 minute Omaha Beach segment of SAVING PRIVATE RYAN but even that film became just a more intense version of the standard war film.Be prepared to have your life changed by this one. It's that damn good. What a movie. This has to be the best way to tell a story. Many people may find it boring as its slow paced. But this slowliness of the movie give the sense of terror which happend in the story. I like how its mainly without any music. Its a simple war story told by a soldier's pov. Its slow, just like a human's life. For me, this movie is amazing as its able to show the true problems faced by those people. I love this one This movie had me sitting on the edge of my sweet the whole way through, it was incredibly engaging. The use, or lack or, dialect creates an indescribable atmosphere and forces the watcher to pay attention. The use of a nearly constant, if not constant sound bed includes the viewer in the experience and allows them to go on ups and downs along with the movie. Christopher Nolan succeeds in the challenge of describing a non-winning subject (a stinging military defeat) and highlighting the spirit of solidarity and hope. An uninterrupted and deliberately oppressive music, a high-quality photography, talented actors, ... two thumbs up!!!! As a sweet euphemism, I'm not a fan of war movies, but Christopher Nolan signs a masterpiece of the seventh art. Utterly stunning in every department. Can't find a single fault with the film. My grandfather was injured at Dunkirk and I wish he was still alive to see this. if it doesn't win the best film Oscar, there's something wrong. To James Cartwright (0/10 guy trying to get his political points across). Did you actually see the film? This is another masterpiece from Christopher Nolan. Brilliant acting by Tom, Mark, Fionn and Harry. Amazing war scenes. When i saw the movie, I could actually feel the atmosphere of the world war. The film is directed and presented perfectly by the perfectionist Christopher Nolan. I will watch this movie again and again. That's how much I liked it. This movie is definitely in my top 5 favourite movies. Awards will follow.How often can any of us say that a film lives with us for days, I've not been able to add that tag to anything I've seen in years. Within the first few moments of this film I knew this was going to be such a film. Most of us will know the incredible Dunkirk story, the fear many would have had I think would have been that the story was sensationalised, or lacking the real essence. All you can say is Christopher Nolan has once again shown his genius, this film is a masterpiece. You have no choice but to feel raw emotion as you watch, feelings of despair, hope, anger, fear, terror, you will feel exhausted having watched this film.The acting is impeccable, every single member of the cast performs to an incredible standard (maybe Harry Styles's character will irritate one or two,) Mark Rylance is utterly sensational, as is Kenneth Branagh, the scene where his character looks up and sees the fishing boats arrive is one of the most moving in the filmThe camera-work is astonishing, as is the music, which for me was one of the most powerful elements of the film, it built tension to enormous degrees.There is a realism in this film which I find quite incredible, at times it's so difficult to watch, it brought elements to life I hadn't even thought of. I can see this being used in history lessons of the future.The only real question is how many awards will this win. See this film, it's utterly incredible. I guess I shouldn't be surprised how many people don't like this movie in an era of CGI, reboots, remakes, sequels, prequels, and generally easy to digest movies/tv shows. This is a real Christopher Nolan movie, not a Batman, but a real Christopher Nolan movie like Memento or Prestige. Watch it a few times. Pay attention to the details. Appreciate the sensory experience.Most of these bad reviews are because the person watched it once and was upset they weren't spoon fed every aspect of the characters and story. There is a ton of characterization and a great story but you have to pay attention. Extremely good movie. Watched it last night and it was better than I expected. Full of great scenes and amazing screenplay.This was by far the best movie i've seen in the past decade. Moreover, it's probably in my top 3 great history movies. I would recommend you all watching this movie, a piece of art. Best movie of year, one of the best movies ever and best war movie ever. Timelines and time sections of movie was made and arranged unprecedentedly. The way that movie was shoot and showing us the story and events is amazing unique and unrivaled so everyone will be excited and Ill give 10/10 because THIS IS PERFECT and you can only rate it 10 and enjoy it. The movie directed by Christopher Nolan and produced by his wife Emma Thomas is extremely well directed. Dunkirk is all about WW2 between may and June , 1940. Excellent Cinematography. Thousands and thousands of soldiers on land, boat at sea and airplanes in air are fascinating to watch. It is amazing how camera-work was perfect . All actors did their part well. All the land events details took place in a week , the ones at sea in a day and all aircraft details in an hour. The scene where aircraft lands on water and is on fire is exquisite. Definite Oscar worthy for Cinematography. Very appropriate dialog and script is fit for soldiers, Navy, AirForce. Superb. Great direction. Good editing. excellent music. 1hr 46 minutes on big screen . Perfect. Very beautiful and an outstanding experience with suspense can thrill your blood out, love it. The less dialogue the better in my opinion and that what Nolan did in this masterpiece. Love his other movies very much but this is my more rewatching movie. (Not so confusing with the timeline) so I don't need to explain to the person I'm watching with😂 I am surprised by the negative reviews. I can only imagine is due to a heroic view of war and Dunkirk evacuation in particular.
The sound creates an atmosphere that matches the occasion throughout the movie. There may not be a classic view of war in this movie, but with every scene, the movie captures the details of the evacuation from all aspects of the soldiers involved: Navy, Army, RAF, French Army, civilians . The fact that the enemy is never visible, bar a few planes and silhouettes of soldiers is very powerful! This movie is a masterpiece! Only if you look with a jingoistic view at this movie you could find faults. Dunkirk was a retreat, not a victory! I guess that wasn't understood by many that keep an Imperial Britain view of the world! The movie is a great homage to the soldiers and civilians of the time and a very down to ground view of the events. I'm not fan of movies about war at all, but some days ago I was impressed by The Prestige and wanted to see more Nolan. There are no gory fights or something that will affectedly play on your emotions. However, it held me in suspense the whole screening. Lack of tough story-line did not let me get bored. The story tells us about thousands deadlocked people. So much as wanting back to home, some afraid of conviction and milksop mark. It is not focused on one main person. We can see the situation from different angels, and I liked each. Also, tired of variegated films, my eyes enjoyed color grading and great acting of the cast that surprised me.I like all about this movie, it literally stroke a chord with me. I can honestly state that no other film has truly given me the feeling of actually being on location, which, in the case of Dunkirk, 1940, is not altogether a pleasant experience. But it's a great, great film. I've never seen anything like it. It is also the most un-theatrical film I have seen to date; it actually comes across as a documentary. The acting is admirably restrained, the dialog all but absent, and the cinematography to die for. The casting is inspired. From the crooked teeth of our main tommy, aptly named Tommy (Fionn Whitehead) to Commander Bolton (Branagh, who always looks any part he plays), everyone could be your average Brit in WW2. No gloss, no glitter. Not even elevated rhetorics: Churchill's speech of 4 June '40 is read aloud from a newspaper, with no gusto and interrupted.Nolan takes the decisive moment of World War II, the evacuation from Dunkirk which was the bleakest hour of the war when it seemed like Germany would win after having subjugated every country in Europe save England. The colossal evacuation, performed primarily by private fishing boats, gave 300,000 men the opportunity to fight again. The subsequent Battle of Britain, one month later, convinced the US about entering the war and aid the allies before fighting in the Pacific, and this was what sealed Hitler's fate.We may be apt to forget how easily the allies might have lost the war – but Nolan reminds us with a vengeance, especially near the end of film when the survivors return to England as they believe in disgrace. They have done nothing but survive. But their survival turned the tide. For the naysayers on the depth of the story, the whole point of the movie is so that you can have an immersed experience in the battle scenes told from multiple perspectives.This movie is truly a visual and sound combination masterpiece. In short, it is a masterpiece that brings out the experience. The movie doesn't contain a lot of the dialogues but shows you scenes of realistic battle experiences which allows the movie-goers to taste the experience of the Dunkirk Evacuation.Furthermore, because of Nolan's usage of real world objects such as the real Dunkirk beach, real destroyers, real boats, and real planes, the movie is second to none in terms of its graph effects. Nothing like those cheap CGI-generated movies.In addition, with the combination of sharp sound of planes accentuated by the dark and ominous music composed by Zimmer, this movie is a master piece that shifts one from situation to situation, watching events unfold from multiple perspectives.In addition, without the dialogue, the movie also doesn't lend itself to propaganda. Nothing like the intertwined love story of the Pearl Harbor. In addition, even though it was told from the British side and even though the cast and the movie producers are all British and Irish, the movie is surprisingly unbiased depicting the competency of both German and British soldiers of the time.Due to these reasons, I'd strongly recommend anyone to watch the movie. Not sure why is didn't win film of the year. Much better than the shape of water I'm currently re-reading Hugh Sebag-Montefiore's "Dunkirk" (which is a fantastic book by the way and highly recommended for anyone who wishes to have a micro- or macroscopic view on the topic) and based on that source the movie is not always historically accurate. On top of that there are some events that seem too fantastic just based on common sense. This was my first impression.Having now seen the movie twice, I forgot and forgave the inaccuracies, went with the flow, and I think the movie is a masterpiece. It is a collage of events from the viewpoint of individuals who in fact lose all traits of individuality when facing the monstrous war. The movie looks beautiful, the soundtrack is revolutionary and the way the different moments in time are sequenced is ingenious and impressionistic. Chapeau! I wouldn't have thought you could make a minimalist epic. But that's exactly what Christopher Nolan did. I never would have thought it possible to make a suspense thriller out of events that everyone already knows the ending of. But he did that too. He's stripped away every unnecessary element; every subplot and war movie cliché until all that remains is the desperate men on and above the beach and an ever growing sense of tension. And it is magnificent.It begins with brief narration, then volleys of gunfire from unseen assailants at frightened men running through the streets. This will set the tone for what's to come. Although dogfights and scenes of bombing and shelling are frequent, we rarely see more than a glimpse of the Germans. Instead we're given a growing and almost palpable feeling of dread; the knowledge that the enemy is massed just beyond the horizon and that time is running out.With every near miss, and with each ship sunk or plane shot down the suspense grows. And no sooner is one disaster averted than another threat looms. We know from history class that most of the army will get home alive, but we don't know if the men we're following will be among them. The effect is almost like High Noon or Gravity in that the viewer is constantly kept on the edge of their seat, awaiting what comes next.Though we see thousands of men and dozens of ships in some shots, most of the movie is almost intimate in its focus. Most scenes follow handfuls of men on the beach, a trio of fighter pilots circling over Dunkirk, and the crew of small civilian boat. We share their desperation and determination, their hope and fear. We see the bravery and sacrifice of ordinary men in extraordinary circumstances, and the cowardice and paranoia of men who have been through too much. Though we never learn their backstories or -with one exception- their names, their actions and their expressions tell us enough.The film's visual aesthetic is as minimalist as its narrative. Long shots of sea, sky, and beach abound, with a single boat or airplane to remind us there's a war going on. Even when the camera takes in the whole port and the thousands waiting on the beach, it only reinforces how stranded and exposed they are. Even the explosions are fairly restrained.The editing deftly adds to the suspense with frequent cuts between groups of protagonists during their tensest moments. There's even a bit of nonlinear storytelling, a la Tarantino. At times the film jumps back and forth between day and night scenes, and certain events are seen from characters' points of view half an hour or more apart. It can get a bit confusing at times, but it keeps things interesting and reminds us that the different actors are experiencing the same events in very different ways.Though very different from the grandeur of Saving Private Ryan or the sweeping scale of Patton, Dunkirk easily belongs in the same class as those masterpieces. It's another hit in Nolan's unbroken string of home runs, and proof that you really can do more with less. 