After Avengers Infinity War, we waited for the Avengers Endgame. We wondered how the story would go on, how our heroes would turn back, what would be the end of Thanos. Many theories related to this have been put forward. Avengers Endgame was undoubtedly the most anticipated film of recent years. Normally, the higher the expectation, the higher the probability of disappointment. But this is not the case for Endgame. Whatever you're expecting, you find much more in the film. This means that the biggest concern about the film has disappeared.On the other hand, another comparison comes up. Is Endgame more successful than Infinity War? We can comfortably say it Avengers Infinity War is just the beginning of the story. Endgame was the finale of the story. So we shouldn't think of these two films as two separate stories. There is only one story divided into two parts.Avengers Endgame is, above all, a great homage to the ten-year history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The story highlights the original Avengers team. Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Hulk, Black Widow and Hawkeye are at the center of events. No character comes in front of them. Of course there are many characters that play an important role in the story outside the original Avengers team. Everyone's concern was that Captain Marvel, who was included in the Marvel world, overshadowed other heroes. We can say that this certainly did not happen. What is important in this struggle is not how strong you are, but how good you are. This comes to the fore in all areas. It gives good message about being a hero and a family.Of course, Avengers Endgame has some critical aspects. For example, is the three-hour period necessary in terms of the story? It can be discussed. The head of the story moves much slower than the rest. It also drags the heroes into an emotional predicament. Then the tempo is rising and the heavy scenes we are watching are getting more meaningful. The last 45 minutes of the movie is fully action packed. But the last 45 minutes goes so fast that you don't even realize it. Action and battle scenes are really successful. There is not even a slight distress about visual effects. There are also slight logic errors in the film, but in general the story is so successful that these details become meaningless and insignificant after a certain point.Lastly, Avengers Endgame doesn't have a movie end scene. Because after the film's final, there is no need for another scene. The Marvel legend Stan Lee appears with a small stage. But this is the last surprise scene in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Moreover, there is no clue about Marvel's future. This makes us wonder more about Spider-Man: Far from Home. 10/10 If you're going to watch this movie, avoid any spoilers, even spoiler free reviews.
Which is why I'm not going to say anything about the movie. Not even my opinion. All I'm going to say is:The crowd applauded 3 times during the movie, and stood up to clap their hands after. This I have never witnessed in a Dutch cinema. Dutch crowds aren't usually passionate about this. I checked the row where I was sitting, and people were crying. After the movie, I was seeing people with smudged mascara. That's all I have to say about the movie. Rating 10/10
Absolute perfection end game !! Good acting performance to all the characters. Great cgi's. Truly epic & perfect ending to a long journey of marvel movie. Go see it you wont regret it !! Perfection Marvel Endgame !! " ...the problem is, when you mess with time, time kinda tends to MESS BACK.. "
~TONY STARK, A.K.A 'IRONMAN', MARVEL'S " AVENGER'S : ENDGAME " .___________________________________________________" SO WHO CARES ?...if this "1ST-BIT" HERE sounds a bit CLICHE ? ? ? The fact is that this film Is, ( At The VERY LEAST ) ->-
( 1. )A LABOUR OF L💎VE .
( 2. )A TRUE, UNEQUIVOCAL WORK OF " HE💎RT " .
( 3. )A BEAUTIFUL & ENDURING M💎STERPIECE .I ABSOLUTELY ADORE pictures that are "THOROUGHLY" UNPREDICTABLE, & this Passionately-exquisite Creation FAR, FAR outweighed my Every-Hope in that particular respect, and ...Indeed..... so MANY, MANY, MORE .A WELL MEANING WORD OF ADVICE, THOUGH ->- "THIS IS ( NOT ⭐ -❕) A FAIRY TALE". BE ABSOLUTELY SURE to chuck your 'innocently-created FANTASIES' of what to expect... RIGHT AT THE CINEMA ENTRANCE, ( Or chances are, you will Almost-CERTAINLY, be DISAPPOINTED ) .ALSO, I "ESPECIALLY" urge you to Spare more than just a "Passing-thought" for CHRIS HEMSWORTH'S "Profoundly-comedic", & YES... O F . C O UR S E ->- ROBERT DOWNEY JUNIOR'S, "Utterly-Stellar & ENTIRELY OSCAR WORTHY ⭐❕ ( -AS IN "BEST ACTOR, & NO LESS- )".. "DRAMATIC"... PERFORMANCES. ( The Generally-SUPERB Collective-cast performance NOTWITHSTANDING )...Come to think of it, ( SADLY ), ANTAGONISTS' performances these days Often tend to get OVERLOOKED and/or TAKEN FOR-GRANTED; & JOSH BROLIN'S "INEVITABLE"-THANOS ->- MAY ->- most decidedly be NO EXCEPTION. I'm ( ALREADY ;) ) ROOTING FOR him to be Nominated for "BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR" for the 2020 OSCAR AWARDS .AND IN CLOSING : OH YES.. Consider Yourself Warned... this film is SO FUNNY..... you may just ->- "DIE LAUGHING". ( Consider yourself FULLY-WARNED, N O W ) .A HUMONGOUS, WHOLESALE 25 ( 😉 ❤ ) MARKS OUT OF 10 , HANDS DOWN ⭐ ❕❕" . Man! I thought Infinity War was off the hook, but this one...
A perfect compliment to a two part epic. It was what I thought it was going to be, a lot of talk, a lot of planning, but amazingly it was not boring. Not for one second!
Infinity War was the moment we were all waiting for and then they tell us they are going to split it into two films. End Game could have gone south with this choice, but it did not. It's always exciting, especally if you are a comic book fan or have been watching these movies for now eleven years.
Don't want to say too much, but shine a light on Robert Downey Jr. who got to perfect his Iron Man persona to the point where Hugh Jackman can't even surpass him. Captain American is giving all us FanBoys everything we ever wanted to see and Thor...underperforms with hilarious results (and hopefully will create 2019's most popular costume for a certain type of man). Loved Mark Rufflo in this film and Thanos baby, still the baddest villain around.
It's fun it's dramatic, it's like Lord of the Rings with one less movie. Three hours well worth the ticket.
Stan Lee would be proud! Nuff said! Walking in, given Marvel's latest publicity, I was expecting, well, I was expecting an absolute cringe fest, and thankfully I didn't get it. In fact, there were only a couple of absolute cringe moments and each dealt with Brie Larson, particularly her appearance in the final fight.Thankfully though, Marvel showed a lot of restraint with that and as a result the movie really belonged to the characters that we all have invested over a decade of love and loyalty in....and honestly that was a relief. There were times where the film looked like it wanted to go the other way, and put the OG Avengers in the backseat. So, credit for not doing that.It feels a lot more like Kill Bill 2 in atmosphere than a real Super-Hero movie, all the really fun big fights were reserved for the first film and what's left is a long closing act that is more concerned with tying up loose ends than delivering on over-the-top action. And it works for a send off film after a decade of investment.So what you have feels very much like an intimate and sentimental film made by old friends at send off...or a funeral...but in either case it is absolutely appropriate.Unfortunately, you have the enormously epic CGI battle at the end and I, for one, am kind of done with that trope. It's starting to bore me now, and, honestly, I would prefer something a little more authentic. But, that being said, the film at least called for it.We've seen battles like that before, Black Panther, Aquaman, Infinity War, Lord of the Rings, and, honestly those CGI armies lack any real intimacy. So the end is kind of a bore compared to the rest of the film.The highlight in the film would be Thor with Hulk coming in as a close second. They steal the show from the moment they are introduced and the trademark MCU humor that Black Panther and Captain Marvel utterly lacked. And the humor was a source of comfort after two films that made vague threats of taking themselves far too seriously for a superhero flick.The wrap-up was more than satisfying if not heart-wrenching at moments making it a great send off for a decade of time and money invested in the characters, however the legacy that the MCU is passing on seems in trouble nonetheless and we can only hope that it doesn't go the route that the MCU has been teasing and toying with and continues to deliver fun superhero movies and not the heavy-handed or deadly serious films they have threatened the audience with. Avengers: Endgame is above all the best Marvel superhero movie to date. This is also the best and epic conclusion to the 21 movies in the first 10 years of the MCU. This is the epic culmination. The best storytelling ever told. This is made by people who do, for people who do, and this movie itself, does, love the MCU. You can think of it as a TV show finale. After 21 episodes that are all feature length. And before you can even say "oh no those are all terrible", this immediately proves itself to be an exception to that rule. Where the equally masterful Infinity War was almost one long action climax, this is less about fights. Which doesn't mean it doesn't have any. Or that they're anything less than excellent. And this film is definitely never boring. This focuses on character exploration. Every member of the original Avengers team, and a handful individuals that aren't, all get significant depth. I remain one of the few people who argue that Age of Ultron did deliver that, albeit in small concentrated format. This easily tops that. Everyone is pushed into a situation new to them. The trailers hint at some of these, whilst leaving others as incredible surprises. Make sure you avoid spoilers before watching this.This picture moves fast and packs a lot into its not quite lean running time. In other words, it's directed by the Russo Brothers. The length is justified. I wouldn't cut anything from this. The emotional moments don't feel sappy. The countless callbacks and references don't feel like they're just there to make you feel good for paying attention to all that lead to this one. The acting shows just how well all of these performers understand the characters. And the screenplay does the same for the writers. The effects are astonishing, yet again getting us to care about individuals that we know are all CG. It uses the varied skills, equipment and the like, of the unique heroes and villains, creatively. This delivers deeply satisfying closure. It truly is a conclusion. It's not trying to get you back to the theatre for the next adventure. The few currently confirmed entries into this franchise don't need hyping, anyway. Spider-Man with Mysterio? Another Black Panther story? The unfairly fired James Gunn returning to round out the trilogy of the Guardians of the Galaxy? Solo Black widow, *finally*? More Dr Strange? Shang-Chi, The Eternals, Blade? Keep 'em coming.I recommend this to everyone who's taken this entire journey. And if you're someone who's skipped some, or held off on this series up to this point, this is an excellent reason to address that. Unless they're simply not to your liking. This is not going to change that. It's not meant to. 10/10 Unbelievable. For Marvel to pull this tour de force of a film is unreal. 21 films. 21 films culminating in the conclusion of endgame. The scope is incredible, I will only say it's definitely one of the best Marvel films out there, and there are many. I don't want to spoil anything. Watch it! The hardest thing to do is end something. The ending of a story, novel, or movie is probably the hardest thing to write. This is not the climax and falling action, but the resolution, where all the dangling threads are tied up and resolved. Very few writers can create one with supreme satisfaction - mostly because in this day and age writers want sequels and franchises. Avengers Endgame is the pinnacle of Marvel movies. It is a masterpiece of the super-hero genre. It gives closure, and resolution.
The movie picks up almost immediately after Thanos snapped half the world out of existence. The remaining Avengers, Iron Man (Tony Stark), War Machine (Don Cheedle), Captain America (Chris Evans), Black Widow (Scarlet Johansson), Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), and Rocket (Bradley Cooper) are trying to gather their wits after they had their asses handed to them.
Tony is on his way back to Earth from Titan. His only companion is Nebula (Karen Gillian). Fortunately, Captain Marvel (Brie Larson) comes to the rescue. Bringing them back to Earth, they are reunited ... for a moment. Tony wants nothing to do with them after Cap's betrayal. He goes back to Pepper.
The remaining heroes track down Thanos (Josh Brolin) and find the Infinity Stones have destroyed themselves, as well as him. Now, what do we do?
Five years later, a van in San Francisco has its computer activated by a mouse. It activates the shrinking device that left Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) stranded in the shrunken universe. He comes back - but the five year isolation was only five hours to the Ant Man. He traverses the nation to find the Avengers. When he learns of what happened, he has an idea. The microscopic universe has entry and exit points in time.
Yes, they can travel back in time and find the Infinity Stones, bring them back, and snap everyone back into existence. Hey, you have to realize that time travel was going to come into this sooner or later. The Avengers need Tony to figure out a way to take out the random effects, but he is tied too much to Pepper (Gwenyth Paltrow), and their daughter, Morgan.
Tony, though, cannot back out of a possibility of setting things right. He is onboard with the idea, so three teams travel back to different points. Tony, Bruce, Steve, and Scott (hey, my name's Steve Scott!) head to New York after the Avengers battle. Roadie, Nebula, Nadia, and Clint (Jeremy Renner) return to the stellar world where two other stones exist. Rocket and Thor return to Asgaarrd before its destruction to fetch a couple of others.
As they find the stones, they find themselves - as well as a slew of MCU characters that helped and hindered them on the way. Loki, Brumlow, Sitwell, Pierce (Robert Redford) all have their cameos as former HYDRA secret operatives. Of course, it would be a sin not to have Tom Hiddleston return as Loki. Tony and Steve go to another spot where Steve catches a glimpse of Peggy Carter (Haylee Atwell), and Tony gets to have some words with his father, Howard Stark (John Slattery).
Thor gets to see Jane again (Natalie Portman), as well as his mother, Frigga (Rene Russo). Rocket has to work hard and convince him to take the stones back. Of course, Thor cannot leave without one particular thing.
Meanwhile, Clint and Nadia have to retrieve the Soul Stone. They need a soul to get it. At the same time, Thanos, who is alive at this point, realizes the Nebula of the past is having glitches. He and Gamora (Zoe Saldana) are able to figure out what they are doing there. Realizing their plan, he has to stop them and make sure his plan comes through.
You can tell this all-star cast was handled well, providing story, action, laughs, and even tears. A few of these heroes sacrifice themselves for others. They get to reconcile themselves over past mistakes, regrets, and get to redeem themselves. They are reunited with loves ones lost five years ago when Thanos snapped his fingers. And they fight together against a foe for the first time since Avengers Age of Ultron. They were one team.
Someone could easily nit-pick this one, especially on the time travel. However, the ending brings so much satisfaction. Between the sacrifices, the second chances, the characters all have their resolutions tied up, with no post-credit scenes. Some of the character arcs are messy, but the movie provides an emotional satisfaction unheralded in motion picture history. Avengers Endgame gets a perfect score. A wonderful and amazing movie for all the fans.
So much emotions, so many nostalgic moments, and action, humor, drama! We get to see all the superheroes and some more loveable characters.
I feel sorry for those who try to find scientific logic in a movie about superheros. You really need to focus on what's important.
Just enjoy! I appreciate many desperate people want to seem "edgy" or "alternative" by defining themselves as "different" but really, you come off as nothing more than the representation of inadequacy. I'm not suggesting you need to love this movie or that you can't find fault, but what this and it's predecessor, Infinity War, achieved; not only in cinema, but storytelling as a whole, is laudable. This is not a stand-alone movie and requires some foreknowledge, but it's an accomplished endgame of a movie arc of over 10 years unlike any other in movie history This was movie was the perfect way to bring together everyone, let's us know how about many of the Avengers including how the years since the snap has affected them and it allows them the ability to resolve or revisit their past. Love seeing everyone united, loved seeing the A-Force. Laughing, surprises, tears. Just perfection. Just watched the movie again at home last night. I tought I would not react the same way I did in the theater, but I was wrong. When the avengers assemble my heart was pounding again. Came to think why and figures that for me, this felt the grand finale of a great series, or of a 50+ hours movie. The culmination of a master crafted history. I'm not a marvel or superhero fan, that is why my reaction surprised so much. Just, wow! Just like my headline says. Watch this masterpiece for the love of God! This and infinity war are on totally different levels to any other super hero film. And this goes one level better than infinity war, absolutely fantastic. I laughed , cried and was speechless. 3 hours well used. It was a perfect "ending" of the Avenger Movies.
I will watch it again and again and again. 10 points well deserved!!! This movie is the end of an era. I feel like I've been saying that a lot lately. First with The Walking Dead, now Marvel, and soon Star Wars too(though SW technically ended in 2005). It's sad that certain chapters of my favorite franchises are ending, but part of the journey is the end, right?I imagine that everything that could possibly be said about Endgame has already been said. It's an absolutely incredible finale to the MCU, and also lays down some set up for its near future, and possibly far future too. I could not have asked for anything better. However, there are a few things I'd change:1. "Tony Stark built this in a cave! With a box of scraps!" They should've had Tony use his intuition to fix the ship and get home on his own. Maybe he uses parts of Nebula to fix it temporarily. Could come in for a crash landing and have CM swoop in to help them land safely.2. Could've explored more of the repercussions of the snap. I love what they showed though, and I get the movie is already long enough as is, so this isn't a biggie.3. The female Avengers coming together to rescue Peter was a cringy and forced scene that takes you out of the movie. Instead, they could've focused on other aspects of the battle because it feels like it goes so quick.4. Hulk should've had a rematch with Thanos. Instead of giving Captain Marvel two fights with Thanos, after he throws her off the first time, let Hulk jump in for a rematch. This was a fight that was sorely missing and is Endgame's biggest missed opportunity. Given that Professor Hulk is Hulk and Banner merged, he'd be smarter so he could've put up a better fight.5. Natasha's funeral should've been alongside Tony's at the end.Given these changes, I think Endgame would've been even better. That being said, it's still one of my favorite movies ever as is. The cast were all fantastic, and the movie was action packed, but surprisingly story-driven, emotional, and epic. I'm glad that we got one last movie to send the original Avengers off, but I feel that the team up movies after this almost won't be worth it. Marvel struck magic with this original team of Avengers and it's hard to believe they'll pull it off again without 3 of them. However, there are still some solo ventures to look forward to: Black Widow, Spider-Man 3, Doctor Strange 2, Thor 4, and the TV shows on Disney+.My Rating: 10/10. It's just a masterpiece, everything is looking pretty good! Play Avengers: Endgame! It is fast and easy to view! A good way to spend your time. Be the best! I never have seen any movie in life that has such a great action and awesome fantasy , I am speechless and all I can say is bravo and will done. Wow, just Wow! This movie has it all and needs to be watched PERIOD!! I think film is entering a post-cliche phase, where tired tropes are no longer tired, but are now just accepted tools in a storyteller's toolbox. Certainly we don't need to enforce originality on all forms of art. I adore this film. The entire MCU is a breathtaking opera, and this is the ten-year grand finale. You *do* need to see all twenty-one previous films (in chronological order, hopefully, rather than release order) because taken on its own, "Endgame" would be a mishmash, with so many of its call-backs missed.I think film is also leaving the era of the auteur, and entering that of the committee. George Lucas may have been the final straw, as when Disney (the originators of the committee method, from what I can tell) picked up the mantle of that particular franchise, their natural choice to revert to committee decisions dovetailed with everyone's need to get franchises out of one person's control. The MCU was planned out ten years in advance, so that almost at once -- and certainly by Ultron -- "Endgame" was being envisioned. Seeing how all the disparate threads meet and find either their resolution or their own inspiring arc, that *in itself* is amazing. Knowing that, in the most crucial moment of the film, we get a familiar call-back to a much earlier part of the MCU, elevates the experience from one of possible bewilderment to outright joy. It's no wonder that other directors would defer this type of blockbuster to the Russos. I only wonder how anyone involved in the creative process could have kept these secrets to themselves for ten years. Knowing that this film makes its predecessor seem like a prelude, and all the other significant milestones in the franchise series seem like blips on a radar, it must have been nerve-wracking to know how all of this turns out and still feed us those "massive" revelations in the earlier films.When in the right context, a superlative experience. As good a film experience as you will find. Yes, if you don't gel with the film, it could strike you any number of odd ways, but most people are on board with it being a new classic. Not sure why so many people are so negative about this movie. The build up of 22 films to this couldn't have been better. I get goosebumps every time they come through the portals. Definitely was sad with Cap and Iron Man, but at some point you have to move on. I truly wanted this to be it, but knowing Feige and how well he's done I am excited for the future of the MCU. My only wish, I hope DC figures itself out. Truly a shame they are wasting the Justice League. It's not a competition, just do it right. My gosh! I laughed. I cried. I was at the edge of my seat. I was glued to my seat not knowing what to expect. I felt a wave of nostalgia ebb and flow. I cried some more.This movie was comprehensive and covered all its bases as far as closing the chapter on all the avengers movies. I also appreciated the balance between the human side of the heroes (showing how loosing everyone effected them) and the fight scenes.The final battle for the infinity stones left me in tears. I thought it was beautiful that captain America was able to wield thor's hammer. And when all the heroes started to materialize out of nowhere I thought I would scream with excitement!I have been a fan of the avengers since day one and heavily invested emotionally in every movie. I'm sad to see it end especially for iron man and captain America (my favorite avenger). I guess now I will wait to see what else marvel has in store for us. I am stunned by the 10+ years of the MCU and how they were able to bring it all together. Magnificent! However, I hate Captain Marvel. I shudder to wonder what will come of the MCU under her guidance and direction. Black Widow could have/ should have carried the torch. Please don't make any more Captain Marvel movies. I'm begging you. 