Epic Godzilla Action Movie From Beginning To End.Spectacular Production & Great Scenes Of Dragon Fights.Delightful Film That Will Cheer You Up.Satisfaction Guaranteed. Five years after Godzilla defeated King Ghidorah, Kong is monitored by Monarch within a giant dome on Skull Island. Kong is visited by Jia, the last Iwi native and Kong expert Ilene Andrews' adopted daughter, who is deaf and communicates with Kong via sign language.Bernie Hayes, an employee of Apex Cybernetics and host of a Titan conspiracy theory podcast, extracts data suggesting sinister activities at a Pensacola facility. However, Godzilla suddenly attacks the facility; during the rampage, Bernie stumbles on a massive device. Madison Russell, a fan of Bernie's podcast, enlists her friend Josh to investigate Godzilla's attacks. Apex CEO Walter Simmons recruits Nathan Lind, a Hollow Earth theorist, to guide a search for a power source into the Hollow Earth, the homeworld of the Titans. Nathan is initially hesitant as his brother died on an expedition to Hollow Earth due to a strong reverse-gravitational effect. He agrees after Walter reveals that Apex has developed HEAVs, specialized crafts able to withstand the pressure exerted by the gravity field.Nathan meets with Ilene and convinces her to let Kong guide them through the Hollow Earth via an outpost in Antarctica. Nathan, Ilene, and an Apex team led by Walter's daughter Maia board a modified barge escorted by the U. S. Navy that carries a sedated and restrained Kong. Godzilla attacks the convoy and defeats Kong, but retreats after the ships disable their power and trick him into thinking they are destroyed. To avoid alerting Godzilla, Kong is airlifted to the Hollow Earth entrance, and Jia convinces him to enter the tunnel while the team follows him in the HEAVs.Madison and Josh find Bernie, who joins their investigation. They sneak into the wrecked Apex base, discover a secret facility underground, and are inadvertently locked into an underground monorail transport to an Apex facility in Hong Kong, where they unwittingly stumble on a test of Mechagodzilla. It is telepathically controlled by Ren Serizawa, the son of the late Ishiro Serizawa, through the neural networks from a severed head of Ghidorah, but is hobbled by its power supply's limitations. Walter intends to harness the Hollow Earth's energy to overcome Mechagodzilla's limitations.Inside the Hollow Earth, Kong and the team find an ecosystem similar to Skull Island. They discover his species' ancestral throne room, where they find remains of an ancient war with Godzilla's kind and a glowing axe made from another Godzilla's dorsal plates. As they find the power source, the Apex team sends its signature back to their Hong Kong base despite Ilene's protests. Attracted by Mechagodzilla's activation, Godzilla arrives in Hong Kong, and sensing Kong, he directly drills a shaft to the throne room with his atomic breath. In the ensuing mayhem, Maia and the Apex team attempt to escape but their HEAV is crushed by Kong. Kong, Ilene, Jia, and Nathan ascend to Hong Kong, where Godzilla and Kong battle. Godzilla is initially overpowered by Kong, but Godzilla emerges victorious while Kong loses consciousness.Madison, Josh, and Bernie are caught by security and taken to Walter. Despite Ren's concerns over the power source's volatility, Walter orders him to activate Mechagodzilla. They lose control of Mechagodzilla, who kills Walter and electrocutes Ren, and then attacks Hong Kong. Godzilla and Mechagodzilla battle, but Godzilla is overwhelmed. Nathan revives Kong by destroying the HEAV, and Jia convinces him to help Godzilla. As Mechagodzilla overpowers both Titans, Josh short-circuits Mechagodzilla's controls with Bernie's flask of liquor, momentarily interrupting the mech. Godzilla supercharges Kong's axe with his atomic breath, allowing Kong to destroy Mechagodzilla. Madison, Bernie, and Josh reunite with Mark Russell, while Godzilla and Kong acknowledge each other before the two go their separate ways. Sometime later, Monarch has established an observation post in the Hollow Earth, where Kong now rules. Who cares about the plot? What we really want to see is the battle of the Titans and this movie delivered. Some stories don't need to be complex, this is one of them. As a fan of the old Godzilla and Kong movies, this was a goodie. Just buckle up and enjoy the ride! Enjoyed the movie, reminded me of the old movies, just with better effects. Take it for what it is. Action packed.Attention grabbing.Astonishing imagery.It is what it's suppose to be. I will open this review saying that 1. I'm biased, as I'm a lifelong Godzilla fan and 2. I actually knew spoilers FAR ahead of time for this movie.That being said, I thought this film ruled. It's by far my favorite movie in the Monsterverse, if not flat out my favorite movie period. The CGI and sound design for this film are phenomenal, there wasn't a single scene where I though "yeah, that CGI could use some touchups." Both monsters look incredible and are done absolute justice here. To make this more readable, I've split this review into parts.Kong:
Kong is most certainly the main character of the movie. The film starts with him, and once he's with Team Kong, there isn't really a scene that he's not in. It's absurd the amount of detail that goes into Kong's facial expressions. His reactions are honestly a highlight of the movie, I actively noticed myself searching his face to see what he was thinking. Kong is also most definitely the heart of the film, as even with myself being a Godzilla fan, I cared immensely for Kong and was emotionally with him for the ups and downs. Whether you are a fan of him or not, this film will have you loving Monke by the end.Godzilla:
While not having anywhere near the screentime as Kong, Godzilla still ruled this movie for me (bias obviously in play). His opening sequence screams classic Godzilla, and the way he looks and fights in this movie are absolutely brutal. This movie nailed giving Godzilla this foreboding atmosphere, anytime he's on screen it spells doom. I also have to say that he essentially stole the show at all the set pieces he was apart of.Humans:
Colored me surprised, but I actually didn't dislike the human characters in this movie. I went in fully expecting the character levels we got in King of the Monsters, but I genuinely cannot say that I hated anyone in this movie. Does that mean that they're incredibly fleshed out characters with Godfather levels of dialogue. Absolutely not, but where the last film had a lot of family drama, this one has a lot of humor and heart. The two main standouts to me are Tyree's character and Jia, which I think works as they're essentially the most important character for their respective team.Ending thoughts:
I was going to write more for this, but I decided to leave the review as a spoiler free one. Like I said, I loved this movie, it has a lot of action and seriously fast pace (both of which are a big thumbs up for me). If you're a fan of either of these characters, or even just looking for a fun time, this film is definitely worth a watch. Waited hella long for this movie to come out and it did not disappoint! Enjoyed the big monster fights, storyline was good, and ending felt satisfying. Watch with on a big screen and great sound speakers, if you can. FYI...no extra scene after the movie ends. OK, so maybe I am biased as have always been avid Godzilla fan but this movie was everything I expected. CGI and sound was amazing but would have been nice to hear some of the original Godzilla theme. Cannot fault this movie as it had the perfect ending and walked away with a huge smile on my face. Only downside is the time I have to wait to see it again. GODzilla Vs KINGkong . It's a feast to eyes for action lovers . It's the movie all the fans of Godzilla & King kong are waiting for . The script , direction and visual effects are done wonderfully . There is not even one dull moment in the film , unlike previous two Godzilla movies . There are some goosebumps moments which makes people scream . Millie brown , Brian , Julian made some funny moments .
This movie being released first in India , one week before USA release Is a smart move . Result of which most of the people in India can watch this epic in theaters . This is not a movie to be watched in OTT or pirated print or DVD . Experience this epic in
nearest theatres , take all precautions of covid . THIS MOVIE IS REALLY GOOD AND AMAZING. The visuals and fighting of the movie are so well done and beautiful. Hopefully Legendary makes more Godzilla and Kong movies, I would love for them to continue. Contain spoiler!!!!!I watched this movie on theater, this kind of movie only work to watch on theater not home, because we need to hear the sound fx and soundtrack to feels the amazing titan clash feels real.Sound fx is amazing and the cgi is awesome!Godzilla looks so scary here because he's hunting the apex predator, and kong looks so innocent and helpless but still brave af, im team godzilla but also feels sad when kong defeated.The story feels rushed , and kinda disappointed the other monster from the previous movie isn't showing up again , the mecha godzilla is crazy. Its menacing and his power lv is beyond godzilla. He can't be defeated with only brute strength, you need brain. And there's the reason kong is in the battle, with the weapon and help from godzilla he can defeat that crazy mecha godzilla.Sadly no clue for the continuity of the monsterverse.I hope its still continue . Is was a really good film they could have made the fight seen a lil longer though but overall its amazing. As and avid fan of the all the original Japanese films, I absolutely loved this film. It finally finds that proper Godzilla feel. People seem to love complaining about the nonsensical convoluted plot to this film, but personally I found the absurdity to be right in line with a Godzilla movie. To all those complaining, I have to assume they just don't understand how truly off the rails and wacky Godzilla really is. This film went entirely in the right direction by building this universe into something more fantasy driven and opening up the door to have future stories become much more bizarre and cosmic, aliens are coming, I can feel it. I was growing tired of the overly serious plot lines of the previous movies, constantly trying to force humans to be the main characters in stories that just completely get in the way and offer nothing of interest. Godzilla Vs. Kong on the other hand finally introduces personality to the kaiju. In all the previous movies everything was constantly from the perspective of these painfully boring stories of the humans, leaving the kaiju feeling like nothing more then generic monsters, with subtle implications that Godzilla may be more sentient then a mere force of destruction but never actually making godzilla a character. It's like watching a Thor movie from the perspective of a random group of asgardians chasing after some mcguffin while thor is in the background fighting. Finally this movie starts to break the logic of humans being the important part, the kaiju are the main characters here, the humans are the side plot, and THAT is what it's meant to be. I go into a Godzilla movie expecting to see larger then life monster beat the crap out of each other and smash stuff while the humans do some nonsensical science stuff to help a monster save the day from another monster, and this movie fully in all ways delivers on that. First talk about CGI.It's looks amazing especially when hollow world scenes came in. Beautiful visuals
GODZILLA:
Godzilla looks so terrifying. I got goosebumps every time i see Godzilla
KONG:
Kong get bigger in this. There is some emotional scenes with kong. And you know what. Kong got his WEAPON 😯 I LIKE IT
MUSIC:
Music is so on point. Has some jump scare 😆 One of the best movies of the year.. better story line than the past 2 Godzilla movies, and keeps you interested the whole way through. Having learned from the first two movies, this one nixed the human emotion and gave us what we wanted; two giant titans duking it out. The human element is a much needed pause in between the fighting, but they don't pretend to have an emotional story here. You don't want that. You want to watch Godzilla bite Kong's fist!The real emotion comes from the bond between human characters and titans, similar to the bond between Godzilla and Serizawa in KOTM.This movie is the equivalent to downing 10 bottles of Gatorade and then running from a wild cheetah. Adrenaline bonanza! "Well this is way my expectation, Godzilla vs. Kong is a movie that of course we expect to be another big fight that most of film do but they always end it with unsatisfying end, but this one is not, this is not only a fight but this is a blast!, finally they fix one thing that very impotant for a monster movie and that was lessing the human part and added more monster part so me as an audience doesn't bored at all, all of the perfomance was good, the cinematography, the music is extremely jarring and i love it, the model is perfect for all the monster especially Godzilla, Godzilla model from the first one always impressed me, Kong in here is a little bit different from the other one, in here Kong is a little bit friendly i can say but he is still the same Kong like the other one when he was fighting and even stronger, the final battle was totally incredible, i really enjoyed it, it was a really solid fight between this two king, just don't missed it, i really recommend watching this in theater because believe me is totally different experience when you watch this on the big screen with great sound than a little speaker or a headset, Overall Godzilla Vs. Kong was totally a blast!, i highly recommended" I love this movie Aweosome acting and love this movie this is one of my favourite movie and believe you will also love it.Love and peace Very good movie..just like the trailer..awesome movie with awesome story and awesome fights..it contains all things for a great movie. Awesome story and epic fights to see, with good coreography.Hope we can see more of Monster Verse! Holy crap this is what I wanted for a Godzilla film in years! This movie is so epic, entertaining, and heartwarming. Kong and the girl is sweet and cute, Godzilla is a complete badass, and also Mechagodzilla is just plain intimidating. Had high expectations for this film and man did it delivered. I hope the monsterverse keeps going after this one, I'm such a big Godzilla fan. Both Warner Bros. And us viewers seem to be on a roll. They already delivered the year's one of the most awaited (and longest) action blockbusters with Zack Snyder's Justice League, and have now delivered another eye-popping, heart-stopping, jaw-dropping action blockbuster, Godzilla vs. Kong. It's no spoiler that the film centers on the epic clash between the two eponymous giant creatures, and the result is a massively entertaining film which reminds us why cinema going used to be such a pleasant experience in the pre-COVID times.It has decent human characters as well, and they don't feel overshadowed or eat up the entire plot either. Plus, the visuals in this film are so incredibly gorgeous that you can literally pause at any moment to get a magical, otherworldly, surreal wallpaper. The pacing is also a major plus, as the film moves pretty quick and keeps the action coming, with destruction scenes looking as epic as they can. Director Adam Wingard has done a fabulous job with this film, and has managed to deliver what fans of escapist cinema really desire from their movies.The action is intense and the film's big draw, especially the final battle where I was left breathless and could easily imagine crowds of viewers cheering in cinemas at certain moments. The background score accompanying most of the sequences is good, and the visual effects are fantastic. All this makes me want to watch it once again and buy a Blu-ray copy when it becomes available in the future. Even without seeing the 2014 and 2019 Godzilla as well as the 2005 King Kong, I was able to understand the plot and enjoy it without being bored for even a second.Although the story is as simple as it can get, Godzilla vs Kong's success in captivating you with its all-out action spectacle is a reminder that cinema is first and foremost an escapist experience, and films that do this notion justice are lapped up more easily by majority of the viewers. No doubt this film too has passed the test with flying colors and has satisfied many fans craving this kind of popcorn-friendly fun. I now need to get back to see the previous films involving the two iconic characters, given that this one's watched and we're possibly not getting another like this for a long time. This is the best monsterverse movie in my opinion, movies specially made for monsterverse fan and if you are a fan of kong you will surely enjoy the movie from start to end, kong presence made every negatives in the movie forgettable, first half of the movie is lacking but after the end you will be fully satisfied, dont care about what critics saying and if you are a fan you will surely love the movie. Brilliant movie, honestly I loved it. 10 out of 10 for me. So many cynics on here who just can't appreciate a great action flick!! They all seem to think they have some expert knowledge on these two mythical giants!! Just appreciate the amazing CGI and fight sequences and stop trying to dissect a movie that provides some brilliant rounds of action!! I've grown up watching Kong and Godzilla from the 80's and you simply have to appreciate the cinematography/CGI and choreography of the battles between these two TITANS because it's in this era films like this can truly be appreciated with the technology available today, this film would have been so much more epic on the big screen or even IMAX just purely down to the scale of the main characters, highly recommended for families to watch.. :) a big thumbs up from me 👍🏽 