Once upon a time (and not that long ago), in the vivid, fertile imagination of author J.K. Rowling, a character was born:  A boy.  A young boy named Harry, who was destined to become one of the most beloved characters to emerge from a work of fiction in a long, long time, and was quickly embraced by young and old alike in all corners of the world.  And now, thanks to the magic of the cinema, Harry and his companions fairly leap from the pages of the novel to the silver screen in the phenomenal motion picture, `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,' directed by Chris Columbus and written for the screen by Steve Kloves.  Indeed, Harry Potter is a boy, but not just any boy; because Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) just happens to be a wizard.  But, orphaned as a baby, Harry has been raised by his Aunt Petunia (Fiona Shaw) and Uncle Vernon Dursley (Richard Griffiths), who never let him in on the fact that he was, well-- what he was.  It seems that Petunia didn't approve of her own sister-- Harry's mother-- because she was a witch; nor of Harry's father because he, too, was a wizard.  When Harry turns eleven, however, the secret is out of the bag when-- after some strange goings-on-- a giant of a man named Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) shows up at the Dursley's door to collect Harry and take him off to `Hogwarts,' a school for wizards and witches and all who would perfect the gift with which they were born:  The gift of magic!  And from the moment Harry boards the train (from station platform nine-and-three-quarters) that will take him to his destiny, the magic is alive-- for Harry, and for the audience, as well; and it's a journey you will never forget.	What a monumental undertaking to even think of attempting-- translating and transferring this passionately beloved work from novel to the screen. Because to millions of people, Harry and his companions are so much more than merely characters in a book; these are characters for whom people have made a special place in their hearts, which puts a great burden of trust upon the man who would attempt to bring them to life.  And Chris Columbus, it turns out, was the right man for the job.  More than rising to the occasion and with some magic of his own-- and a lot of help from an extraordinarily talented cast and crew-- Columbus has delivered a film that is not only true to the story, but true to the very spirit that makes Harry Potter so special.  The special effects are absolutely beyond astounding, and Columbus, with a keen eye for detail and without missing a beat, keeps it all on track and moving right along at a pace and with a sense of timing that makes this an absorbing, thoroughly entertaining and enjoyable experience from beginning to end.  From the opening frame you get the feeling that you're about to have a singular experience; and you're right. Because you've just entered the world of Harry Potter.  And it's magic.	Even having the best special effects do not a great movie make, however, and this film is no exception; what catapults this one to the top are the performances, beginning with Radcliffe, whom you quickly forget is an actor playing a part.  And that about sums up what kind of a job this young man does here.  Without question, he IS Harry Potter, physically and emotionally, and when he waves his wand and does what he does, you believe it.  A wonderful performance by a gifted actor who has a great career ahead of him; without question the perfect choice for the role of Harry.	Also turning in excellent performances are Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley, and Emma Watson as Hermione.  As with Radcliffe, the casting here could not have been more perfect.  Grint is `Everyboy,' with that special glint in his eye and a manner that makes him especially endearing.  And the spunky Watson adds some real sparkle to the film as Hermione, the one with the sense of urgency and the wherewithal to get things done; a real role model for young girls everywhere.	It's obvious that a lot of care went into the casting of this film, and it's a big part of why it is so successful.  Richard Harris, as Headmaster Albus Dumbledore; Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagall; John Hurt as Mr. Ollivander; Ian Hart as Professor Quirrell.  Exceptional performances from one and all, with two that stand out as especially memorable:  Robbie Coltrane, who readily conveys the fact that Hagrid's heart is of a size that matches that of the man; and Alan Rickman, as Professor Severus Snape, deliciously droll while demonstrating menace through the fine art of articulation.  	The additional supporting cast includes John Cleese (Nearly Headless Nick), Warwick Davis (Professor Flitwick), Julie Walters (Mrs. Weasley), Zoe Wanamaker (Madame Hooch), Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy), Harry Melling (Dudley) and David Bradley (Filch).  From Rowling's imagination to the written page to real life (albeit via the movie screen), `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone' is a triumph many times over; a unique film of truly universal appeal, the likes of which is as rare as, well-- a sorcerer's stone.  A film in which adults and children alike will rejoice, because it speaks to the heart in a universal language of life, love, experience and imagination; a film that states unequivocally that magic exists-- as long as there's a single child with a single dream somewhere in the world, and real wizards like J.K. Rowling, Chris Columbus, Steve Kloves and every member of this wonderful cast and crew around to bring it to life as they have here.  An instant classic in every sense of the word, this is truly a film for the ages.  A remarkable achievement, this IS the magic of the movies.  I rate this one 10/10. There's nothing like the first in a series, is there? The introduction to the characters, the immersion into the fictional world, the first time you laugh, cry, care, and fear for someone's safety can never be repeated. No matter how many Harry Potter movies they crank out, or if they ever remake them in the future, none will come close to the wonderful first film, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.I'm sure everyone has their own childhood memories of reading the Harry Potter books that they'll tell their grandkids about, but I'll never forget going to see the first movie in the theaters. The lights dimmed, John Williams's perfect theme played its first notes as Richard Harris walked down Privet Drive, and everyone in the theater was transported to another world. John Williams's numerous themes, all wonderful and a personification of the wizarding world, took the early movies to another level. As other composers tried their hands at the later films, that quality was missing. There's something truly special about going to see this movie on the big screen, and while the "magical" qualities might not all be credited to the music, it's certainly one of them.Welcome to the world of Harry Potter, where if you're a ten-year-old kid who doesn't fit in, you might get a letter delivered by an owl telling you you have magical powers and should go to a special school to hone them. Believe it or not, there are people who watch this movie without reading the books, so a bit of description is necessary. Obviously the stars of the show are the children, who were selected out of millions of other kids to be able to memorize lines, not look in the camera, endear themselves to worldwide audiences, and hopefully act. Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint, and Tom Felton are so cute and tiny in this first movie, you'll undoubtedly find yourself re-watching it as the years pass just to see them as kids again. I always marvel that child actors train themselves not to look in the camera, so even if their performances aren't perfect, I cut them slack, knowing firsthand how hard it is. And these kids had to dress in funny costumes, recite incantations without laughing, and pretend they're looking at things that were added in post production!Usually, in kids' movies, there's a grown-up or two who add to the cast and make the adult audience members feel less silly that they're watching it. In the Harry Potter movies, everyone wanted to be in them! Throughout the series you'll see a host of familiar faces as "guest stars" but the regulars will make special places in your heart. Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, and Robbie Coltrane are household names for little kids, because they're so convincing as the kindhearted Dumbledore, the wizened but sentimental McGonagall, the endlessly mimicable Snape, and the jolly Hagrid, kids today can't imagine they've had any other career prior to these movies! Is there any kid who doesn't immediately attribute the word "earwax" to Richard Harris, point out striped cats as "Maggie Smith cats", mumble "Shouldn't have said that," when they make a mistake, or practice putting pauses in their sentences like Alan Rickman?First movies are so special, since they introduce audiences to a world that will hopefully capture their attention for however many more movies will be made. In J.K. Rowling's fantasy world, there's so much to fall in love with; and in the film adaptation you can really believe it exists. Seeing the Hogwarts structure for the first time creates a special feeling in your heart that can only be recaptured by watching the movie again or going to see the next in the series. The Great Hall, Quidditch, the Sorting Hat, talking portraits, flying lessons, selecting the perfect wand-all these Harry Potter moments are perfectly recreated in the first of a series that saw an entire generation grow up buying toy wands and trying Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans.Each installment has its special moments, and this first one has quite a few, even outside of the exposition. If a three-headed dog doesn't immediately conjure the name "Fluffy," chess pieces have never come to life in your imagination, you don't laugh at the idea of counting your birthday presents, and you don't know what Richard Harris wants most in the world, you're missing out on one of the great joys in life. If somehow 2001 passed you by without a trip to the movie theaters Thanksgiving weekend, go find yourself a copy of this iconic, lovely movie. This movie is a delight for those of all ages.I have seen it several times and each time I am enchanted by the characters and magic.The cast is outstanding, the special effects delightful, everything most believable.You have young Harry, a mistreated youth who is "Just Harry" to himself. And then, he embarks on a most beautiful adventure to the Hogwarts school.He meets Ron and Hermione, one an adorable mischief maker, the other a very tense and studious young lady.Together, the trio try to set things right in the school.It's the ultimate fantasy for young and old. When I knew the film was being made, I thought how could they make a film that would be up to the standard of such a perfect book. But they did! Sure they missed bits out but they captured the essence of the book brilliantly. One member of the cast was mis-cast for me but my children disagreed.I even found myself believing they were flying and not wondering "how are they doing that?" So 10 out 10 Warner Brothers. Bring on the next one! When I first saw this movie I was ten years old, the same age the characters where supposed to be. My older cousin and her boyfriend took me to the Mall to watch a movie. Back then I wasn't going very often to the cinema, due to the fact that my parents didn't have time and I wasn't old enough to go alone to any theater. The movie captivated my attention like nothing before and I became so interested in anything that had to do with this movie, and I heard that it was made after a book. I didn't had Internet back then, but I found the first book at a library and convinced my mother to buy it. That's how I became obsessed with reading and writing.I may say, "Harry Potter" affected me in a positive way, because after I finished reading all the published books back then, I wanted to read more books and I must thank J.K.Rowling for her genius, if it wasn't for her books, I might have been right now an average seventeen year old, at some party, drinking my brains out. This movie got me to the right path in life.I know, you probably don't care about my story, you readers only want to hear about what I thought of the movie, but I believe my story can influence you if you are a parent and thinking whether or not you should let your children watch this film. My advice is yes and I have presented my reason above.The story is simply magical and "Hogwarts" is a genius invention. The movie is done well, almost perfect. It's the closest to the book they can get and it's an amazing experience for any kid. Harry Potter movies are one of my favorite ones, and I can watch them several times. I watch it every time it's on TV, and there is one channel that shows all the series of this incredible movie every time after the new year. I also want to mention that even my family members like to watch it with me. My grandmother especially likes it. This fact indicates that this movie is interesting not only for children but also for elderly people and it's not weird for me. There are so many things going on in this movie, so many secrets and beautiful scenes. Plus a big thanks for the graphics of the movie, everything is very realistic. For example, the mermaids or the dinosaurs. Moreover, there is a massive animatronic creature in this movie- spider and after watching the movie google about it and found out that Rupert Grint, the actor who plays Ron Weasley, one of the main characters, is afraid of spiders just s much as his character is, and said it was easily the scariest scenes to film. I'm scared of spiders too, and I know how it feels when you see them. Thus, I really appreciate the job that this actor did. In my opinion, despite the fact that he had to play again a guy, who was scaring from spiders, it is again hard to play the role by looking at the creature that gives you goosebumps. Thus, this movie not only good in graphics, but also the cast. I watch this movie again in 2019, because i think it was an amazing movie n i miss the point of the movie when i watch it as a child. I only focusing on the magic thing.
Its good for a children to watch this movie i think, it tells not only about friendship, but also family, bravery and sincerity.
Watching this also makes me remember my childhood days, it bring back all memories i cherish the most.
really love it A legendary beginning to a legendary franchise. The story of the film is great. Each role fits perfectly with the actor. Has great CGI and visuals. Can't stress this enough... go watch it. In many ways the best of the franchise so far. I was free from any anticipation for this film being not overly impressed by the fantasy genre. This film redeems itself above other sorcery films with its old fashioned English ambiance being greater than arch and portentous fantasy.Unlike other fantasy films the directors face the challenge of a highly critical audience of children who are more familiar with the books that they are & waiting expectantly for their favorite part of the book and would tear the director to ices if he was there in their anger such omissions. Any changes in the film would be seen as desecrating the fantasy world that Rowling created. In the production of the first film this was a contention in preproduction. As a faithful rendering of the book squeezed into a two-and-a-half hour period, the movie is beautifully done as far as special effects go. The actors although experienced are let down by the younger cast not being trained and coming from a stage school background with the exception of the lead show the typical stiltedness of such training. Daniel Radcliffe has been accused of being too subdued in the title role but as he becomes older he character does become more sombre. Alos it allows the other characters oddities to shine more clearly in contrast to his quieter style. The Harry Potter film series are the best magical movies to date. The movies talk on Harry's parents, and their struggle with Voldemort, as well as touch on Harry's past, present and future as a wizard. The acting throughout all movies are phenomenal, with performances from Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson and Rupert Grint. No one could've played these roles better in my opinion. My personal favourite is Chamber of Secrets! I remember when i watched it first time.I saw everything in a magical worl and i couldn't get out of its influence :) I don't normally write reviews but I will for things I rate 10/10. Harry Potter and the Sorcerers/Philosophers Stone is the in my top 5 favorite movies. That's all I need to say. 10/10. Should have gotten best picture award(I'm referencing the HISHE video). I have recently been revisiting the Harry Potter franchise during the ongoing pandemic and I have been wondering whether these movie that I hadn't seen in a decade would have aged well or not. My conclusion is that most of them have aged particularly well and this is especially the case for the first two movies that I consider the best of the franchise. The producers' idea to hire veteran director Chris Columbus was certainly a decisive one in hindsight since he managed to transform a first novel with numerous lengths into an extremely entertaining film for the entire family.The movie has numerous other strengths that need to be pointed out. Even two decades later, the special effects still look stunning and do the great novel series justice. The visual effects are magical, the sound effects are epic and the lighting techniques increase the movie's multiple shifts in atmosphere.The locations have been chosen with care as well. Harry Potter's home looks as boring, desolate and exchangeable as it's described in the novel. The scene at the lighthouse oozes with atmosphere. King's Cross busy Platform 9 3/4 looks very colourful, detailed and imaginative. The extraordinary train ride to Hogwarts invites to dream yourself far away. The highlight is obviously Hogwarts and its surroundings as nearly every section in this gigantic castle comes around with creative details and imaginative surprises.The film certainly convinces with its detailed storytelling and diversified subplots. It takes all the time it needs to introduce us to numerous most entertaining classes at Hogwarts. The sections that show and explain Harry Potter's Quidditch career are so detailed that even someone who hasn't read the novel will understand how this fascinating wizarding sport works. The film carefully and credibly develops the friendship between lead characters Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. Everything is however wrapped up perfectly in an adventurous, entertaining and epic finale where the three protagonists have to face numerous challenges related to the main plot as an impostor is aiming to steal the mysterious Sorcerer's Stone for a most sinister purpose.The young actresses and actors are doing excellent jobs and are truly convincing in their roles. Daniel Radcliffe shines as confused and isolated but soon enough adventurous and imaginative young wizard going through dynamic changes. Rupert Grint excels as friendly but clumsy young wizard who you are going to appreciate right from the start. Emma Watson shines as self-confident, intellectual and slightly arrogant young wizard whose academic performances are incredibly inspiring. The adult actors have also been chosen with care. Richard Harris's performance as principal Albus Dumbledore is the best ever for this role as he convinces as wise, patient and kind mentor that you will like right from the start. My personal highlight is Alan Rickman as cold, gloomy and unpredictable professor who seems to be antagonist and protagonist all at once.In the end, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is not only the only movie that I prefer over its novel version in the franchise but also one of the two best movies in the inspiring fantasy film franchise that has left a significant mark on an entire generation of children and teenagers two decades ago. The film has aged quite well and should still impress children and teenagers as well as their parents all around the world nowadays. The movie has been executed with care in every single department and has lost nothing of its unique charm. It would go as far to state that it stands as one of the very best fantasy movies of the twenty-first century. It's hard to imagine just how influential the Harry Potter series has been on my life. It was released around the time I was born, and I can't really ever remember a time when it wasn't my favorite world to escape into. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is the first book I can remember becoming a fan of, and wanting to read it again straight away. I'm not even going to pretend that I can judge this without bringing over my fondness for the books.For all the fault this first movie has, it feels like a soon-to-be classic, with many aspects featured here becoming ubiquitous in popular culture. The score by John Williams is recognized worldwide as a magical and wondrous piece of music, conjuring up images of broomsticks, wands, and giant castles hidden in the mountains. Hogwarts Castle itself is now an enormously successful theme park in Florida, Osaka, and more on the way. King's Cross has become a tourist attraction, with hundreds of fans waiting in line to take a picture with the trolley at Platform 9 3/4 every day.The cast from the very beginning is stock full of British acting royalty, great actors sinking their teeth and relishing every bit of dialogue. The young actors do their best and it's fun to see them start off, knowing what lies ahead for them, both in the course of the series and afterwards as well.The opening sequences have a real sense of mystery and wonder, possibly enhanced by the knowledge of the truth about Harry's real identity. The introductions to characters and places are perfect, most notably: Diagon Alley, Alan Rickman as Snape, and our first glimpse of Hogwarts.The story is simple and mostly an excuse for world-building, but what a world to get lost in. In my head, Hogwarts wasn't so...practical, but it looks like a place a child of 11 would consider the most amazing place in the world. The creatures and rules and spells add to the fun.The film does feature shoddy CGI (the quidditch match is particularly bad) and at 2 and a half hours it is overlong. It's hard to ignore, though, the place in popular culture it has attained and the earnest sense of wonder and fun that it offers to everyone who gives it a chance. How wonderful a movie it is!The author of the book is J.K.Rowling. She wrote seven books which The Unite States Warner Brothers made into eight movies. Directed by Chris Columbus, produced by Heyday Films the released dates was 2002-2011. The total Running time is 1179 minutes. Great for all types of audiences. Daniel Jacob Radcliffe, Rupert Alexander and Emma Charlotte were cast for the films. The cast also includes Helena Bonham Carter, Kenneth Charles, Miranda Richardson. The film has made over 90 million at the box office. Most of the movies were set in U.K and some parts was set in Scotland. The location is true.After reading the book, then you watch the movie, you will find the movie is intriguing. If you want quick to know what happens in Harry Potter, you can choose to watch the movie first. This is a magic movie.I watched this movie at least six times. It is my childhood memory, It's worth the watch! Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is what a book adaptation should be. The only things left out of the movie were very minor. This tells the story of a boy whose parents were killed when he was young and been mistreated by his aunt and uncle. He receives a letter about a school named Hogwarts. There, in his first year with his friends Ron and Hermione, he must stop wrongdoing of a couple teachers. The cast was wonderfully casted. Daniel Radcliffe is fantastic and looks the part of Harry. Everyone else is perfect. As I mentioned above, the adaptation is great. The movie even used the same quotations as the books. The music is memorable. I liked John William's Hedwig Theme. The costumes are good-looking and so is everything else. This movie will leave a magical imprint on your minds and this is only the first film. I rate this magical adventure 10/10. Thank God this film (and the series) was made by a British production company and not by the idiots who run Hollyweird! I don't feel any compulsion towards reviewing this film because it is celluloid perfection in every imaginable aspect. The cast was perfect, the sets were perfect, and the dialog was perfect. If you disagree then read the book and continue on with being a purist. I won't care! What the hell guys... I've read the books like probably 20+ times and yes they aren't necessarily close to the movies but the movies were still fricking fantastic!! I'm a die hard harry potter fan and those who say that Daniel Radcliffe isn't a good actor is stupid i mean he's eleven for hecks sake!!! If you hate it that much leave your nasty snarky comments to yourself My favourite part was when the staircases changed (Simon age 7).We went as a family and we were all very impressed.  There is nothing wrong with the acting, it is uniformly good and neither is there anything duff about the special effects, in fact they are excellent and the result is a delight to watch which has a 'magical' atmosphere. I give it 10 out 10. I think I may sound like a stooge if I say this, but it is now that I have finally watched this movie. Throughout my life - school days, college, internet; I often used to see people going non-stop about Harry Potter (I think they are called Potterheads). Harry Potter this, Harry Potter that. So finally yesterday I decided to give it a try and oh my god, it's amazing! Why didn't I see it back when I had the chance to?It is kinda unbelieveable that such a nicely detailed CGI movie was released in 2001. I know the VFX had grown a lot better since Lord of the Rings trilogy was also made at the same time, but still I was not prepared for it. I was expecting it to be just some regular CGI that didn't age too well. Trust me, if you haven't watched the movie till now, it hasn't aged at all. It can very much still be the selling point of the movie.I had watched some parts of the movie, like the beginning where Harry's cousin was brought back home after he fell in the snake's cage and the Quidditch scene, but I didn't have any powerful memory of any other scene from the movie. In the scene where Voldemort says to the professor, "Kill him!" somehow I used to remember that scene to be the teacher first saying "What should I do?" to which Voldemort replies that. And I'm glad I didn't have any previous memory of this movie, because that way I was able to experience everything for the first time.This movie has the 2001 movie's vibe to it, where the story is very straightforward and the childish background music makes it seem very easy to understand. I haven't seen any other movie of the franchise, as I'm going to watch the next part after writing this review. But I hope it stays that way, since it's very easy to understand and thus I can watch the movie on my phone while doing my work on my laptop. I miss this kind of movies with lot of ideas about magic and magicians. I spent must of my childhood watching it and I really enjoyed it. The most interesting thing about "Harry Potter" is that all the movies are good. But it's still hard to choose the best one. What do you think? Nobody knows for sure. I've read many articles on the issue, and the best answer I can find is that "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" is the best "Harry Potter" movie. I disagree with that because that movie didn't involve Lord Voldemort. In fact, it's the only "Harry Potter" movie that was missing him which I found interesting. That movie had nothing to do with him even. I won't be surprised, though, if the first movie, "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", is the best movie. It's the one which started it all. It's an adventure, family and fantasy movie. The first movie happens to be one of my favourites. This is the movie where you're introduced with several characters: Albus Dumbledore, Draco Malfoy, Dudley Dursley, Fred Weasley, George Weasley, Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, Molly Weasley, Neville Longbottom, Ron Weasley, Rubeus Hagrid, Severus Snape, Vernon Dursley etc. There were so many of them. Each having a minor or major role. "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" is where "Harry Potter" finds out he's a wizard. He's famous for that scar on his forehead. "Harry Potter" is invited to study at Hogwarts which is a school that teaches magic and potion. I like the part at the beginning where "Harry Potter" lives with his cruel and mean aunt and uncle. Let's not forget the birthday boy who wants more presents. I found that hilarious. Dudley needs to learn to grow-up. The start set the tone. My favourite character is Albus Dumbledore who is the headmaster of "Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry". He's the most famous and powerful wizard of all time. Even Lord Voldemort, who is a dark wizard, is afraid of him. It would be some battle though between these two iconic wizards. You don't get to see it in this movie I'm afraid. In "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", it's "Harry Potter" first year at Hogwarts. He finds out that he's a famous wizard. He's also very wealthy. In America, the first movie is titled differently. It's called "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone". It's still the same thing. I also liked the book. It's short, and I remember my teacher reading the book to the entire class. I always wanted to see the first movie since. I seen the preview. I liked the plot. I was very surprised regarding the character - Severus Snape. He was innocent the entire time. I thought it was him causing trouble. I was wrong. He was protecting "Harry Potter" all this time. I like surprises. He's one of the major reasons why "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" was enjoyable. I seen all the overall ratings these "Harry Potter" movies received on IMDb, and the margins are very close. It must be that hard to figure out the best "Harry Potter" movie I guess. "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" is a good movie to watch for the Christmas season even though it's not technically a Christmas movie. I might be wrong on that one though. This is one of many adventures for the boy who lived. "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" is the start. This is the best harry potter film, it's great. it's so fun and i don't have much to say because i love it! Columbus did a fantastic job directing the two Potter movies for use fans since 2001 2002 and producing Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban. But I will always appreciate Chris Columbus directing on Harry Potter and Percy Jackson . I hope he does another Harry Potter movie or Percy Jackson movie cause he has a better imagination like Peter Jackson. The film editing was well done by sticking more to the book. Some are improvised well. 