I saw this movie with my wife and I have to say this was even better than I ever thought possible!All these people that want to compare this to episode 4 are just the type of people I am sure that just can't be pleased no matter what you do for them. Wake up spammers with boring lives, This is STAR WARS driven by the best part of the force. I consider this a continuation of brilliance at its finest. You people that endlessly cry about this movie did actually see it, right? LOL Can't wait to see this story continue for years to come. This has made me an even bigger fan of Star Wars. I thought the acting was top notch, especially Harrison Ford, he stepped right back into that role perfectly.Enjoy an amazing movie for exactly what it is.........AMAZING! I know this, among many other reviews, will just find themselves lost in translation with thousands of others. But that wont deter me from conveying how simply awesome this movie was. It was truly a Star Wars movie. To have just enough fresh material meshed so fluidly with the old stuff everyone loves is a truly amazing feat.I've read countless reviews that say this movie has lost all heart and doesn't feel like a Star Wars movie and the answer to that is simply........wrong.From glorious dogfights to scene stealing droids to gritty lightsaber battles this movie has everything I want in a Star Wars film. And more! There are some real moments of raw emotion too that I think the Prequels tried to instill but just couldn't.The plot is perfection, the new characters had perfect chemistry with the old, the effects were even more mind blowing than the trailers led to me believe, etc etc etc Please don't even bother reading any laughable negative reviews, simply see this spectacle for yourself.10 A fantastic addition to the Star Wars series!Great story, excellent acting, brilliant action, and so on.The photography was sweeping and excellent. The characters were imaginative and fresh. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and would watch it again without hesitation.The plot was easily the best of the entire series and the cast were all outstanding in their parts.I truly look forward to the next installment and hope J. J. is at the helm. (Scratch that, he actually is!!!!) My expectations were very, very high for this movie.Starting with the opening scene, a typical Star Wars opening, I wondered how well it was done. I wondered how it would be different and yet new, rebooting some of the old and original without seeming stagnant.JJ delivered on the Star Trek reboot and he absolutely nailed this one as well.He made it his own movie, he engaged original characters by engaging the new and the old. He let the characters tell their own stories without pushing over the boundaries. The story flowed.John Williams does it again. Harrison Ford was spectacular. The newcomers were fun, engaging and "cheer" worthy.My only complaint is this: do I really have to wait 2 more years to see the next amazing one directed by Abrams?!Someone pass me the Xanax while I wait, please!!! I know biased fanboys of the painfully average, outdated original trilogy will cluelessly cry about this, but yes, The Force Awakens is the most well made film of the Star Wars saga. This film has all the goodness of the original movies, characters who are easily likable, incredible effects, John Williams' rousing musical score and a great time at the cinema, enjoyable with our families and friends. But there are things which are even better than the original movies. Interaction between the lead characters is so natural, you got to commend the writers and the director J J Abrams for their amazing work. Most blockbuster films today tend to focus on spectacle and visual effects enhanced action over tender human moments. This film balances action and human drama amazingly well. The new characters are extremely memorable, the new actors Daisy Ridley and John Boyega are wonderful in their roles, along with Oscar Isaac. BB8 is extremely adorable, dare I say even better than R2D2. Adam Driver as Kylo Ren is a worthy villain, with the best motion capture actor in the world Andy Serkis, doing what he does best, as Supreme Leader Snoke. The visual effects on display here are incredible, and unlike the prequels which were ruined by their CGish feel, this one relies on practical effects. Almost everything in this film looks real, the stormtroopers look real, because they are real mean in armor, kudos for J J Abrams for not using CGI even for closeup shots of troopers. J J Abrams is a better director than George Lucas, and that will be very clear when you see the film. This film deserves every award and acclaim it received. A film as widely anticipated and hyped as this can rarely ever be this good, and yet........it is! Ten out of Ten against the negative whiny fan-boys. This movie is really amazing, and MOST of the world LOVE this film. Box office!!!It is a fun Star Wars ride in every way. It COULD have been worse, but JJ did an amazing job pulling this off. Felt like Star Wars all the way. No one complained in the first few weeks, and then... let the haters go home and leave the rest of the world enjoying this movie Finn and Rey all the way!!!! I simply cannot comprehend how anyone would give this a bad review. It was, without a doubt brilliant. The directing was amazing, to the point where you're so immersed in the scenes, I actually felt giddy during some of the flight scenes, it feels like you're actually IN the ship. The special effects are tastefully done, and are a perfect follow on from its predecessors. Nostalgia rules in this thrilling film, we felt like applauding several times throughout, and got goosebumps in some amazing scenes. It was also surprisingly humorous, (in appropriate amounts), and the balance of new characters versus returning characters and story lines was brilliant. 10 out of 10 for me! I'm a veeeeery long-term Star Wars fan, since back in '77.The Force Awakens was absolutely brilliant - everyone in the IMAX cinema clapped and cheered at the end. And it was a mixed audience too, not just Star Wars nerds like myself.I would describe this movie as a Star Wars that's real and gritty - I felt immersed in every scene, and not once was the spell broken, unlike the tragic prequels.The acting was superb, cinematography was amazing, and I could never tell when CGI was being used! Story was excellent with some unexpected twists, music great as always, action sequences were breathtaking. Everyone in the cinema was quite emotional by the end. I don't know how some people are giving this a low rating, they must be paid trolls getting that big payola payday from someone. LOL just kidding, that's literally the single dumbest thing i've ever heard. XDLooking forward to watching this again and again!Thanks J.J. for coming through ; ) With this absolute epic, Star Wars.....is......back! JJ Abrams achieved a small miracle in creating a movie that respects its original material, brings in a ton of new characters, makes it appealing for new viewers and sets up a story to build a new Star Wars trilogy on. Without giving away too many spoilers, the story revolves around a scavenger (Rey), a renegade stormtrooper(Finn) and a fighter pilot(Poe) in their quest to defeat an enemy with the power to endanger the galaxy. To be honest, actual great acting has never been a strong point in any of the previous Star Wars movies. This trend has thankfully been broken, as the stellar cast give great performances throughout the whole movie. The newcomers Daisy Ridley and John Boyega, playing as Rey and Finn respectively, prove themselves more than capable of carrying the load in continuing the saga. They both show great chemistry together and give us extremely likable characters, with Rey bringing the heart of the film and Finn the abundant energy. Oscar Isaacs, who plays Poe, is the veteran among the young cast and pulls of a cool and smart-ass X-wing pilot. And finally, the old cast returns to give this film a true Star Wars feel to it. Harrison Ford returns as Han Solo and has not seemed to skip a beat since 1983, as he is as cheeky and bad-ass as ever. His witty banter with Chewbacca is a pleasure to watch, but Ford also brings a strong emotional performance this time too. Carrie Fisher as Leia also returns, in a rather small role, and delivers some sweet scenes with Han and the new cast. However, the most complex character with the best arc in this movie, is the antagonist Kylo Ren. Ren, played by Adam Driver, gives us an extremely intimidating villain with a troubled past we are eager to discover. Ultimately, he serves us more than a Darth Vader wannabe. JJ Abrams alongside Lawrence Kasdan wrote a fun and entertaining screenplay with plenty of emotional plot twists and content. Each main character has its own background and motivation, which develops over the duration of the film. A pleasant surprise to see is the humor used in the movie. The comedic relief in the film was used very effectively in developing chemistry and sympathy for the characters. It is also a sign that the movie does not take itself too seriously as the prequels did. The Force Awakens is filled with exhilarating action and moves with great pace during these scenes. Yet, Abrams knows to slow it down during scenes conveying intense emotion giving the audience time to process all that is thrown at them. These combined make it easy to understand the main characters' motivations, making the emotional investment so much better. As is typical of Star Wars, the movie is full of awe inspiring visual images and astonishing sound editing, creating new sounds for laser beams, light sabers, and alien noises. The cinematography is equally impressive, showing beautiful landscape shots of new planets reminiscent of the original trilogy. The cinematographer also shows us a diverse array of shots, giving heart- pounding POV shots inside the cockpit and nice long shots of the battlefield giving it a great scope while avoiding confusion caused by the numerous explosions. John Williams makes a welcome return to the Star Wars franchise with a bombastic new score, but also with nicely timed inserts of his famous original music to bring up emotional heartwarming feeling among the old-school fans. In conclusion, The Force Awakens is a return to greatness for the Star Wars franchise. This beautiful reunion of old characters combined with the introduction of promising new characters results in an emotional, adventure trip that left me excited for what is coming next. To quote Jimmy Kimmel, this movie was probably "the most anticipated sequel since the New Testament". So expect this movie to be under the most intense scrutiny by reviewers as they dissect the movie to its core to find the tiniest (I.E. laughably non-existent) flaws. In the end, The Force Awakens delivers as a fantastic Star Wars film and an incredibly worthy addition to the franchise. This new edition to the Star Wars franchise is arguably the best by  far. It combines the time-tested formula with the new and raw ideas  Disney brings to the table. From the moment the traditional text crawl  appears, this movie will keep you at the edge of your seat serving you  with action-packed scenes and unpredictable reveals that will surely  make you wanting for more.  One thing I particularly adored is how this new movie creativity uses  the Force. Disney has steered away from the boring 'push and pull'  concept and found ways you could never imagine the Force can be applied  and used on.  The presence of the old cast was monumental as it helped the old  audience transition to the new heroes  as they have similar (but also  diverse) qualities with their old counterparts. The ending, as  expected, is a major cliff-hanger. Expect to walk out of the cinema  dazed, amazed and confused as the movie, not only, answer the old  questions, but at the same time unfold new mysteries for the audience  to ponder on. Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a movie this generation  should really see. I genuinely recommend you see it on IMAX so you may  experience the Force in a way that will leave you lost in thought in  the days to come.  You-are-wel-come Star Wars The Force Awakens is a beautiful film. It's the Star Wars film that we've been waiting for for 30 years, the film that the prequels failed to deliver. It is full of gorgeous visuals, memorable characters, and genuinely funny lines but above all, it truly felt like how a Star Wars movie should feel. Wildly entertaining, at no point during the film did I feel removed from the action, or that I was waiting for the next scene to happen. The movie is very fast paced, with very few slow moments. That being said, the action flows together perfectly and somehow manages to never feel rushed. For me, by far the best part of The Force Awakens were the characters. And I don't mean Han, Luke, and Leia. While it was great to see the original three back in action, and Harrison Ford gave another brilliant performance as Han Solo, the ones that really stole the show were the new characters. The story centers around Rey, an independent, resourceful scavenger on the planet Jakku. Rey has clearly endured many hardships throughout her life and yet somehow, she remains hopeful about her future and maintains a strong optimistic attitude. As the movie progresses, we see Rey begin to discover her powers with the force and how to use them. But only towards the end of the film do we realize how powerful she truly is, and I am very excited to see what's in store for her in episodes 8 and 9. Part of what made Rey such a believable, effective character was the spectacular acting performance by Daisy Ridley. No other actor could have done a better job. The majority of the comic relief in this film comes from Finn, an ex storm trooper who encounters Rey in the desert after he crashes while trying to escape the First Order. It was fascinating to see a little inside the life of a storm trooper, something we never really saw in any of the previous films. Finn is equally as believable a character as Rey, and John Boyega's performance was spot on as well. Part of what made these two characters so great was the on screen chemistry between them, something that the prequels failed to deliver with Anakin and Padme.As for Kylo Ren, aka Ben Solo, it was awesome to see such a complex character that has so many layers as the villain. We learn more about Kylo Ren's back story and personality in this one film than we do about Darth Vader in almost all of the original trilogy. The light saber temper tantrums, the side punching, the conversations with Darth Vader's helmet, Kylo Ren is the perfect balance of emotional kid and pure bad-ass. Star Wars The Force Awakens has brought back everything that I loved about the original Star Wars while at the same time, adding an element of mystery that did not exist in the originals. The movie is pure fun to watch and is so entertaining that I didn't notice any of the issues until my second viewing. If a massive grin didn't spread across your face when Han and Chewy burst through the doors of the millennium falcon, or if you didn't get goosebumps when Finn ignited Anakin's light saber for the first time, then you were never a TRUE Star Wars fan to begin with.Facts and even more facts. You're welcome ; ) The original cast is back and fits in beautifully with the new crew. The CGI are great and the movie as a whole is A MASTERPIECE.This movie did a brilliant job of taking new actors with a new story (this is Star Wars for the new generation after all) and combined them with the original actors and clever references to the original trilogy. The dialogue was perfect for this movie (and very much in JJ Abrams' style) with just enough witty banter and clever one liners to keep you amused amidst all the serious action.And finally that brings me to the action. it was believable, and was perfectly reminiscent of the original trilogy. It is its own wonderful movie but is still definitively Star Wars. I recommend this to any fan of the franchise, any younger fans, fans of a good action and adventure movie, or fans of just incredible filmmaking period! J.J. Abrams has crafted a fantastic new episode of Star Wars in the classic style of the original trilogy, restoring competence, humor, convincing dialogue and acting, thrills, spills and chills. He has created new, likable characters that the audience can actually get behind, instead of be annoyed, disconnected and detached from, as in the widely-derided prequel trilogy. The film was (thankfully) crafted as the "anti-prequel." Don't believe the chorus of entitled nerds who set their own unrealistic personal expectations for the film and got mad when the film wasn't the perfect fulfillment of those demands. The film has been widely praised by professional critics as one of the best films of 2015. Abrams has brought Star Wars back, and has left Star Wars fans hungry for more!..............Ten X- ) I was lucky enough to see The Force Awakens on its release day and I'm glad to say that it was spectacular! The movie was well directed and a genuine Star Wars feel was evident throughout.Throughout the whole 2 and a half hour running time, I was treated to a masterpiece of visual effects as well as well as a compelling and convincing story which introduced the two new lead characters: Rey and Finn. I thought BB-8 was a humorous, cute character and can't wait to see more of him in the upcoming films. JJ Abrams did an amazing job creating easily the best film of the year.Out of all the Star Wars films, this is definitely the second best in the franchise (just BARELY behind The Empire Strikes Back) This movie is amazing, entertaining, and well crafted as a film in generalThe film is incredibly exciting with humor, action, references and a beautifully written plot. This movie will blow you away, as both a Star Wars fan and a movie fan. If you actually like Star Wars you will love this film, end of story.It is safe to say that J.J Abrams has fulfilled his mission in bringing back Star Wars to its former glory! Cannot wait for Episode 9!Rating: 10 out of 10 Before watching The Force Awakens, I was slightly skeptical. However, I can safely say I am now a HUGE fan of the Star Wars universe!The Force Awakens stands as a rock-solid foundation of a promising trilogy, which will easily surpass the original trilogy if this incredibly high standard of film making is carried forward.Clearly J.J. Abrams enjoyed every minute of work when directing this movie, and he expresses his love for the Star Wars franchise extremely well by respecting the original material and cleverly linking the trilogies and simultaneously building new, strong characters who rival even the classics such as Han or Luke. Overall, I would say that TFA is a must-see movie, not only for fans of the Star Wars franchise, but for anyone who has access to a television screen. J.J Abrams does an absolutely masterful job at showing his love and passion for Star Wars, and the finished products (Yay Episode 9!!!!) will all go down in history as some of the greatest films of any trilogy in history. This is a great movie. It's also an extremely popular and mainstream movie, and therefore is going to bring out raging nerds that will needlessly nitpick it to death in an attempt to look smart or edgy. There are legitimate criticisms you can hurl at this or any movie, but people that give it a 1 or 2 out of 10 shouldn't be taken remotely seriously, as they are completely ignoring what the movie did right, and putting a magnifying glass over the irrelevant level of minor flaws included. Normal Star Wars fans will find a lot to like hear. Great set pieces/locations, excellent costume design, flawed and relatable characters, hilarious banter/quips, dramatic and complex relationships, and a ton of space adventure fun!It's the best Star Wars film since Empire, hands down. Don't let the shrill minority fool you, Star Wars The Force Awakens is one of the greatest films ever set in a galaxy far, far away. J.J. Abrams and Lawrence Kasdan have accomplished what I thought to be impossible: they have resurrected the Star Wars franchise with more life and vigor than ever. From a beautiful story to crackling dialogue that doesn't take itself overly serious, this film is brimming with everything we ever loved about Star Wars. The acting is better than we've ever seen it, with our returning cast, specifically Harrison Ford churning out their best performances yet. My favorite part of the film, however, are the new players. All of the young cast, specifically Adam Driver and Daisy Ridley stun in their respective roles. This film plays as a love letter to fans, and while it's impossible to please everyone in the internet age, as a man who loved the original trilogy long before the prequels, I can assure you that if you consider yourself a real Star Wars fan, you will fall in love with this film. I implore you to see it multiple times. It's gotten better every single time. It's now tied with Empire as my favorite Star Wars film. This film will stand the test of time for generations to come. Thank you J.J. and Kasdan for this gem of a trilogy kickoff! I don't need to pathetically hyper analyze it to love it. It was brilliant from start to finish. Unlike the godawful Lord of the Rings films, which are completely unwatchable. I really loved the movie, can't wait to watch it again. I wasn't sure what JJ Abrams would do with the film but he has been unbelievably great for the franchise. It gets really emotional at times and is just an absolute pleasure to watch. It felt like it was 1980 again. It's great to see this franchise resurrected and it was a beautifully natural continuation that delivered in spades! #TYJJ Words cannot describe the perfection that is this film. JJ Abrams did a fantastic job, better than anything Lucas could do/ever has done. Solid cast, action, effects, everything. Go see this film, even if you're not a Star Wars fan, because you will become one. I'll definitely be seeing this multiple times, and I cannot wait to see the future of Star Wars in Episodes 8, 9 and the spin off movies. And thankfully, there isn't any Jar Jar Binks or young Anakin Skywalker. Instead we have interesting, diverse and excellently played characters. What a film.5/5 stars, 10/10, Best movie of 2015, Best Star Wars movie....by far : ) I purposely waited 24 hours before writing my review because I wanted to digest the film that long to truly take it in and reflect before I actually reviewed it. I wanted the euphoria of seeing the next chapter of the saga on the big screen to subside some so that I can make an objective review, but alas the euphoria has not subsided and the childlike excitement is still at an 11! This is plain and simply a great Star Wars film! In fact, I feel it is the second best offering of the franchise (behind 'The Empire Strikes Back'). From the opening crawl to the epic and somewhat moving final scene the movie kept you on the edge of your seat. Even now, 24 hours later, I'm still left in awe of what Abrams has done. He has ignited a passion in me that has lied dormant for a decade thanks to the dreadful prequel trilogy. After Episode III I vowed never to see another George Lucas Star Wars film ever again. The prequels were cheesy (and not in a good way) and lacked imagination. They borrowed heavily from the expanded universe (which flies in the face of his original assertion that he had planned out the prequels before Episode IV was even made) and spat in the face of Star Wars fans everywhere. Lucas is now (thankfully) out of the picture and in steps admitted Star Wars fan J.J. Abrams who is quickly establishing himself as this generations Steven Spielberg. Abrams intention was to reignite the franchise and call upon his own boyhood wonderment when seeing the original trilogy for the first time and try to recreate that with the sequel by meshing old and new to weave a new chapter in the saga. What Abrams has done so well here is he's managed to keep the older cast members relevant while also creating new characters who feel like they've always been part of the story. He's been able to expertly bridge the generation gap and bond the older cast members with the new ones to create a cohesive story that is not only enjoyable to watch, but really FEELS like a Star Wars film from the epic battle scenes, music, costumes, sets - every part of the film, even down to the bits and pieces that Rey scavenges oozes STAR WARS and it is fantastic. I won't delve into the plot for fear of spoiling it, but the film obviously revolves around a core of new characters in the Star Wars Universe - Rey, a young scavenger who lives on the desert planet of Jakku, Finn a former Stormtrooper who is desperate to escape the clutches of The First Order, Poe Dameron the top fighter pilot of the Resistance and his trusty droid BB-8, and Kylo Ren, a member of the First Order and a wannabe Sith who acts as the main antagonist of the film. There are other supporting cast including General Hux, a First Order General, Captain Phasma, the leader of the Stormtroopers, Maz Kanata, a pirate and collector of artifacts, and Supreme Leader Snoke who is the leader of the First Order. Several former characters are weaved into the film with Han Solo and Chewbacca seeing the majority of the screen time from that group. The connection between old and new is a constant theme in the film and it is pulled off masterfully. The film is an emotional roller-coaster from beginning to end and is a movie that I will always cherish thanks to it's re- ignition of my love for the franchise. There isn't much more that I can say other than if you are even remotely a fan of the Star Wars Universe you owe it to yourself to see this. Even if you are not, there is a lot to keep you entertained here and you never know, it may turn you into a fan of the franchise if you're not careful, regardless quit reading this and go see it! I have grown up with Star Wars. I was nine when I went to the original. Empire Strikes Back is my favourite film of all time and I don't care what the basement detractors say, I liked the prequels and they get an undeserved bad rap. They're movies, they're entertaining, get over it. The Force Awakens has everything you want in a Star Wars movie. The acting was good, as was the action and special effects. If you're a fan you owe it to yourself to go see it. If you're a hater you probably still will and then spend the rest of your time on the net complaining how George Lucas raped your childhood and JJ is a hack. Don't listen to the pathetic haters, go see it for yourself. You won't be disappointed!10/10 Well, what can I say. First, let me state I'm 42 years old and a massive Star Wars fan. And if there's one reason why this movie is so fantastic, it's that I saw the same wonder and magic in my daughter's eyes that I had when I was a young boy.They did it! They finally managed to bring the Star Wars universe to life. All the bad things from the prequels are gone, all the good parts from the originals are back. It's exciting, funny, spectacular, emotional and everything a Star Wars movie should be. What an achievement from the entire team of director, producers, cast and designers. So many things to love about this. I had been waiting for this for SO long, and god I'm so happy it lived up to my hopes for it.Can't wait to see what's coming! I love Star Wars, especially the original stuff, of course. The Force Awakens stays true to the original trilogy; with the start of the film on a Tatooine-like planet, Jakku, as per usual. It follows the thrilling journey of the brilliant Poe of the Resistance and Finn of past Storm trooper relation, at first, as you are thrown into the blistering excitement. But then there is a twist in the main hero being a girl. It works both simply for a change, but also in that it is pretty much a first in as big a film as Star Wars that the main character is a female. That wouldn't matter, though, if the character wasn't a likable hero, or if the acting wasn't any good. Fortunately, those boxes are ticked, as with every character in the film bar Snoke, who is an example of bad CGI, unfortunately. He doesn't play a very big part, though, and other than him the special effects are fantastic — with the use of more practical effects being a refreshing move from Lucasarts, and one that the film benefits from, as it doesn't look artificial like so many films do nowadays (The Hobbit, Star Wars prequels, Avengers, etc).Along with the great use of practical effects, there are fantastically designed costumes all over the joint, with great designs ranging from the new-look storm troopers to Kylo Ren and his super cool outfit.Going back to character, though, the move from Disney to advertise Finn as the main Jedi was clever, as it meant for the reveal of Rey as the Jedi to be much better than otherwise could have been possible. Finn, though, is a fantastic character, with John Boyega deserving more nominations than he's received for his charismatic performance. One other thing done well with The Force Awakens is the lack of slow story development which so marred the progress of the prequel films, and A New Hope, and also the decision to focus on characters to develop the story other than excess plot development means for better character development and means you actually like the characters, unlike Episodes I, II and III. Moreover, the return of light-heartedness and inclusion of comedy makes it an even more enjoyable watch; however, mixed with darker themes clearly inspired by the best parts of Episode III, there is more violence and concentration on action — with that providing excitement, and the comedy bringing extra enjoyment. Finn personifies the more light- hearted approach along with the brilliant BB8, and Kylo Ren is a fantastic vehicle for the darker side of the film, who I love – even though some people might think he's a bit of a snotty nosed dork. Kylo Ren is probably just as good a villain as Darth Maul in my opinion at least, but he's used much, much better, fortunately. Ah, yes. The Phantom Menace. Let's all remind ourselves of that excellent part of film history. Good for you and me, though, we can forget about that now, because we have the sequel trilogy, which could even be better than the original if they keep on getting things right like they did with this film.One more thing I'm grateful was done right was the score. A mixture of both classic tracks and new ones, it's fantastic in both providing towards all the drama and the overall feel of the film. Because, by using both old tracks and new ones it reminds you of the past (sparking your nostalgia) whilst also bringing something new, which the film does fantastically with every aspect; from the story to the cast to the sets to the action and to the (you guessed it) score. Other than being a tad ridiculous in some plot turns, and lacking quite the same grandness of scale in sets and cast that the original films did – but only just, mind you; it's pretty much perfect in what it has set out to do; providing excitement, enjoyment, drama, action and nostalgia in abundance. Enough for a boy like me to squeal.Verdict:The Force Awakens is the main product of Disney's buy out, and so I'm very happy Disney got involved if it meant this beast of a film was made. It was almost a dream of mine that there would be a sequel trilogy, and it has actually happened, so I was aptly excited. My excitement was repaid emphatically, as when I sat in the cinema fulfilling one of my most anticipated pipe dreams, I was blown away by this surprisingly light-hearted yet violent, action packed and particularly well crafted, yes, beast of a film.So I give it: 94/100. I don't really understand the negative reviews on here. People moaned that the prequels were nothing like the original trilogy and now they are moaning that this is too similar??? LOL Get a life, children!This was an absolutely wonderful movie. Ever since I was 4 years old I've attended star wars openings. And the force awakens was no different. Was it like the old movies? No, of course not. But it was a new take on an ever expanding universe. Everyone on here throwing up 1 or 2 stars are just butthurt. They complain about Disney or JJ Abrams directing it. But the truth is they did a fantastic job revitalizing an old series. It's our jobs as fans to make it the best series possible, so please for the love of god ignore all of these idiots and see the movie. You will not be disappointed! 