Most awesome film I had watched that year and still is good to watch again best film of my childhood and is full of some good action scenes throughout This was the first film in the transformers franchise and the one that is concidered the best of them and like Michael bay's previous films before this here he takes the has to figures and makes it into a sci fi film it has army rangers working at a military base and a deception comes and attacksMeanwhile later Sam played by Shia labeof is a school kid who trlls about his great grandfather archibald and how he explored the arctic circle and here the film has a decent storyline and unlike the sequels this one was the most coherent of them all while I find the first two sequels enjoyable and the fourth and fifth installments not good and the worst of the series this one is the best and the most enjoyable and interesting the film also has Megan fox who plays mikaela she does a mediocre performance but that doesn't effect the film it's still a god sci fi film mothers it's like in ET and like how Steven Spielberg made it charming with a beard here Michael bay makes his own and he killed it he captured it brilliantly a lot of series of events happen like when all the other autobots arrive and the leader optimus talks how they are trying to stop the deceptions and it also tells that there was some of the all sparks cordinantes on the glasses that have ended up in the possession of witwicky and they also explain that archibald accidentally reactivated megaton.Later more charachters come such as agent Simmons of sector seven played by John turturro who gives a fine performance and they capture bumblebee who was the first auto or who came to earth and was sams car the other autobots, ironhode, ratchet, and the leader optimus prime later continue their mission then when all the humans including Sam, makaela and the other team members find megaton Dorsey up he then awakens and signals all the deceptions and then escapes.Later a battle in Chicago happens with autobots fighting the deceptions and as you se this is were the biggest action is done and Michael bay gives his best directing performance and like I also said he is one of the best action directors he is the Martin Scorsese of action movies and he directs it well I ca easily tell what is going on and in the end megaton is defeated when Sam is tasked to push the cube into optimus chest so he can sacrifice himself but instead pushes it into megatroms chest and later the film ends with autobots back togeather and this is how they started to work with humans and defend the planet.This is among the best summer blockblusters of all time and is among bay's best movies I get how he has been loved, admired and praised by moviegoers and film critics and here it's among his greatest directing debuts this film deserved oscars for best director( bay , best picture, best screenplay, best sound editing, best sound mixing, best visual effects, best cinematography, best film editing, best original score and best original song
I would definetly ask people to check it out if they want a good movie and pure entertainment. Transformers is without doubt one of the best summer blockblusters of 2007. it has great character development and a decent storyline it start out with millitary men on a plane landing to their base were lieutenant lenox does his job and then scypes with his family and their newborn child, as well as talking with the leader of the army rangers surviving team, then an unidentified helicopter which turns to be a decepticon named blackout who was persuaded by his scorponok shows up and the men target it to step down but then forms and makes a cybertronic sound or call it a sound wave, cause deceptions use it when they prepare an attack or doing, then it just transformers and then the soldiers begin firing on it but they don't stop it, it just keeps destroying and attacking the base destroying planes and, causing massive explosions just so he can hack into the quatar base but then fails to find the information and network about the all spark. meanwhile it also opens with prime talking how cybertron became corrupt and that the autobots who are the good transformers were once in the same alliance as the deceptions who are the bad and evil transformers, they then became involved in a civil war together which drove them apart and becoming arch enemies with each other by megatron seeking his glory for the cube, Optimus then tries to make the all spark jettisoned. later then parts of the spark which are written in a mysterious form are vanished in the underground of an ice which a big great captain who's name is archibald whitwicky the great great grandfather of an autistic kid sam witwicky discovers and finds it next to a fallen megatron whom he accidentally activates and then dies from the loud deadly sound of when a cybertronian awakens, later sam witcicky himself talks about his great great grandfather in school, where he kind of loses control and the part of this major blockbluster and well made action sci fi teaches about how it is like to be autistic and how it can be solved like in other movies like rain man and amelie which also have stuff about autistic people, though this movie is mostly good at showing how a very fine sci fi action film with lots of well done cgi can be made, witwicky also meets up with a hot girl named mikaela played by megan fox who is to be his then girlfriend. witwicky asks her if he can take him out and she agrees they communicate together in a fine manner even though some things in hand can get very annoying. sam here has alot of annnoying acts when he yells out, and especially in a scene where he thinks someone stole his car while that car turns out to be the autobot bumblebee which i think is probably one of the best and most well developed character's and autobot's in the films, but then witwicky gets tricked into making the police think that he is the thief and that when sam called the police saying someone stole his car they find out that the man who called them is the thief while he isn't and sam tries to tell them that he is not the thief and that the thief got away but the police still yell and tell him to put his arms up. later in the pentagon secretary of defense john Keller played by jon voight does a big investigation about the attack that happened like a detective, he portrays him really well even though he speaks like he is not serious but actually is. Then there is another scene and moment where a mini deception named frenzy who unlike other giant transformer robots transforms into a radio. he hacks into the air force one, and downloads all the information about the files of the glasses, the workers of the control find that the system is being hacked and try to look for the frenzy but when they find him they lose the battle over him, frenzy kills all who stand in his way and then is picked up by the police car deception barricade, and which inside the car there is a hologram of a man driving the car which the transformers also use in disguise when transforming into vehicles so they can blend in from the humans noticing or recognizing their presence, there is also a scene where to people named maggie and glen are arrested after they discovered messages saying project iceman, sector 7 and capt witwicky himself which are all classified. then sam is attacked by the police decepticon barricade who asks him if he is username 217, sam replies he is but is still attacked , then sam runs into mikaela and they both run until then bumblebee fights barricade and then frenzy comes and sam attacks frenzy and breaks him to pieces where then a piece of frenzy transformers into a cell phone, then mikaela herself and sam discover that the car is a transformer suspecting it as an alien they find out that it talks and they go for a ride with it later at the final hour all of the autobots arrive to earth as protoforms and they all use their scanning devices to scan the vehicles and transform into them, sam and mikaela then meet the autobots and their leader optimus prime and tells them about their story of how they were betrayed and that they came to their planet earth declaring it unknown to them but eventually announce it as their home. Optimus introduces them the names of the other autobots and then says that they need help to get to the all spark which is the cube before the decepticons and their evil leader megatron get to it. they then roll out to sam's house where they try to hide from his parents but then there is a very funny yet weird scene where sam's pet dog mojo peas on autobot ironhide's legs and the dog gets criticised by sam after being told that he pissed on ironhide. then later the agents of secter seven led by simmons played by john turturro capture them and then find out about the robots, then there is another funny scene where bumblebee urinates on simmons. they get in persuade and then the other agents then capture bumblebee. later the charachters, lennox, epps, sam, mikkaela and also maggie , glen and the autobots later reunite at hoover dam and are led by many defenses including kellar, there at the dam bumblebee if being frozen and the autobots led by optimus prime still do their duty in order to save bubmblbee, and they also get pulled to the area where megatron is being frozen and they all discuss what was happening and that they unfreeze bumblebee so that he can show them were the cube is and protect them with it , meanwhile megatron however is still active and alive and contacts starscream who is already near the dam and the other decepticons, and then megatron flees, and the men and armed forces try to fight them but they escape later , the autobots get into the fight on the highway with optimus prime defeating one of the decepticons and then they all come to the city where starscream blends into a jet next to the other flight forces and attacks them , they try to fire on him but fail and then flee. prime arrives at the city and fights with Megatron , while the Autobots and the deceptions engage in full combat with the tank deception and the helicopter deception , the action scenes here are very well shot and entertaining and the acclaimed action movie director michael bay clearly shows us how we can turn cool action figures into a sci fi movie its all done like he was the one who made the toys and figurines and then later planned to do it with all the effort he had, and then he finally succeeded with it at last , he chose an interesting cast and if not that good of a cast still they all did good in the film including Megan fox who wasn't the best thing about the movie but still she wasn't too bad. what the makers have done is create another visually spectacular popcorn flick that this time is not really a guilty pleasure but is a very well worth watching action flick and all the Michael bay fans will be impressed with what he did back at the time and before then when he made other great masterpieces and classics like armageddon , the rock, bad boys and pearl harbor , he has alot of creative force and many admirers who are mostly the audiences and not necesarrily the critics who dont really care much on michael bay seeing that he can also make not so good movies too but for the truth he is a great director and one of the best hollywood directors of the 21st century , the film ends with sam carrying the cube , being chased by megatron he nearly gets to it but is then saved by optimus prime who plans to sacrifice himself by telling sam to push the cube into his chest but instead shoves it in negatrons chest killing megatron, prime then is proud of sam because he made the right choice and all the autobots reunite with the humans and other special forces for thanking them all for all their courage and bravery and this is what this film shows, and it all proves Michael bay can be a talented filmmaker who usually does not make stupid garbage movies and instead makes decently well done intelligently awesome gem films , my final grade score for this film is A+ You know that part of being human where you need things to matter, a lot. Theres no escape from it. This movie does it for me and can satisfy anyone else. Strong dramatic decision made in this one. Powerful time stunning move when Seeker climbs on the bars of a cesna plane and salutes walking by people who don't know who he is. A movie about cool cars that turn into freaken robots! Add in alot of humour, a dash of romance and some great action scenes. What more do you need? I really love that movie! a masterpiece of Sci-fi genre with amazing visual effects and cutting edge action sequences by action mastermind Michael Bay.
I can't remember how many times have watched that movie but every time i want to have fun and enjoy amazing visuals i try Transformers 2007 again.
But annoying thing about the movie is that academy ignored that amazing visual effects and gave Oscar to garbage movie named golden comps. shame on you academy. brainless and stupid people of academy are blind to awesome stuff like TRANSFORMERS.
Thank you dear Michael Bay! It's August 9th 2020. I am watching this again for the 100th time. Never thought about reviewing it until now. As a massive fan in the 80s I was obsessed with the Comics (have them all) the toys and the tv cartoon. When I learned this was being made I had zero expectations except the trailers making it look something special. It really did not disappoint. The CGIof the robots is brilliant. The story is something that falls in line with the source material which okay isn't the most amazing of stories however it's a modern twist with elements of subtle comedy a real babe in Megan and a badass Megatron. I know people were upset with the decision to scrap Megatron turning into a gun but how would it have worked? This is by far the best of all the movies made so far. If you are a real fan you'll appreciate the efforts made I know I am. I loved it, had tons of fun from beginning to end. Come check this out if you are a fan of both action movies and/or comedies. It's a good movie to watch with your family or at a party. Let's not forget all the hot chicks in this movie "am I right?" Lol. This movie may not be as good as "The Rock" but it's still a blast to watch and shame on you if you don't go out and watch it because you will be missing out big time and that's never a good thing now is it? This is an outstanding movie on several levels. Between Transformers,Bad Boys 2,Armageddon, and Pearl Harbor,among others;Micheal Bay is one of my favorite directors. Well Done Micheal Bay,John Rogers,Roberto Orci, Alex Kurtzman, and everyone else who had something to do with this movie.Peter Cullen is the voice of the Peterbuilt big truck (Optimus Prime)This is at least the second time Peter Cullen has voiced Optimus Prime.Peter Cullen is a permanent AA list actor.Megan Fox, Rachel Taylor, and Julie White is hot!!!---One Truck Drivers Opinion---erldwgstruckermovies.com Transformers is a really good movie it's got really good action scenes it's got the best plot and good character development and the action scenes are well spaced out and an exceptional third act but the best part of the movie is megatron I've seen probably close to 1,000 movies at the theater, including every single major release over the past 15+ years. I've seen crowds get up and leave after 10 minutes. I've seen crowds all jump and scream at the most frightening of scenes. I've seen crowds cry together.Transformers took me back to the re-release of Star Wars: A New Hope back in the 90s, and then went much further. From the start of the movie the entire theater here in San Antonio got very involved. Clapping, cheering, and even a bit of hooting were commonplace throughout the film.First, let me tell you who carried this film: The Robots and Shia Lebouf. Of course the Autobots were the main attraction, but they went well beyond that by being absolutely stunning. When Blackout lands at Soccent Forward AFB in Qatar, gasps were heard throughout the theater. I found myself literally in awe just staring at him every chance I could get, unfortunately causing me to miss a good bit of what else was going on.Shia Lebouf did a wonderful job of playing an awkward teenage boy from start to finish. His first speech in class trying to hock his Grandfather's valuables was disconcerting to someone like me who treasures their family, but very understandable. I was a teenager once and remember quite well that I'd have done just about anything to buy my first car! In one of his final scenes, when he's on top of the building, cornered hanging off of a statue and Megatron on the verge of fulfilling his hunt for the AllSpark, he seemed very genuinely scared and yet steadfast in his desire to do the right thing.And if it is possible to put humanity in a digital robotic creation of ILM, they accomplished it with Bumblebee. Not only was his humor poignant and sly, but very heartwarming. If you could believe that your car loved you back, Bumblebee could pull it off.For those of you who are hardcore "old school" fans of the series and looking for your goodies, you will not be disappointed. From Shia's nervous flirtation with Fox (good name for her!) that leads to him explaining that he's "More than meets the eye" to many of the lines directly from the original series and movie, Michael Bay didn't let you down.This is the first movie in years I've been able to give a 10/10 rating. I've read several other reviews already, some very disparaging, and I have to say this: Send a 10 year old to review Sense & Sensibility and you're most likely going to get a very nasty review. Don't send 60 year old know-it-all movie critics to review this for you, because those that actually go see it will most likely never agree with them and get nothing from your "reporting". Well, lets start off with the critics. People say that the movie lacks plot. Plot. What plot? It's an ACTION movie built around Sci-Fi CG. Since when do these need a plot?Next step is the 'dirty-stupid TEENAGER humour'. Yes indeed - loads of it. But hey, haven't you all guru people ever wanted to go back to your younger years and do something unspeakably cheesy? Not that the movie is a masterpiece prank, but look around you - teenagers conquering the internet with their testosterone-filled jokes and nobody saying a word about it. I agree, the humour is rather teenage for some veteran viewers, but are such people numerous? No. The jokes are not that astronomically stupid and do actually crack a laugh. Some people even said "oh god, half of the theatre was laughing, it was so horrible". And what's bad in that, huh? The jokes aren't that bad if YOU don't like them and a dozen of people do. I'm not even mentioning the "mastrubation" and "pee" moments. Many said these were awful moments of the movie. Oh...so sad :)And the third most criticized part is bad acting. Well, yes, I wouldn't call the acting superb or anything (except, of course, Shia LaBeouf), but yet again: this is ACTION. Who cares what's the plot and the caliber of the actors. They did perfectly fine to complement the robots. Of course, some say that the robot part is done badly, but that may be true only for the fans of the original movies and toons. For the bulk - it is a completely new experience that can even lead to digging up the...hmm...Hasbro toys.Now let's get to the fun part. The visuals are impressive, the action is even more impressive...and...well that's it. Aside of the movie being a bit too long, you get a great action-packed Sci-Fi effects galore, which is easy to watch, entertaining and fast-flowing. Most of the "1" ratings grow out of the high expectations around this movie. In reality, people shouldn't expect a classic or anything. Transformers is not Star Wars, folks, its a waaaaay smaller universe.In conclusion, if you don't expect that lot out of it, it turns out to be a pretty nice package of this and that. ALL the critics are right, yes. But hell, the move is fantastic! I am by no means sorry to have spent my money to watch it on the big screen. 10\10! [95/100]
This movie has had a special place in my heart ever since 2007. The special effects should have won an Oscar, Shia LaBeouf should have won an award for his acting. This film is a genuine classic! I love the way that the Autobots and the Decepticons are designed. This film is Michael Bay's greatest achievement! It was incredible to see the Transformers come to life. I can't wait until the next one comes out in 2009. The last movie that just left me talking to myself as I was exiting from the theater was probably the first X-men movie. This movie was even better for me than X-men was because of growing up watching the Transformers cartoon every afternoon. The greatest part of the movie for me was after the Autobots assembled together just like in the old days of watching the cartoon when Optimus Prime gave that famous command "Autobots roll out". I almost fell on the floor after that it was awesome. Of course it was almost as great when Megatron yelled at StarScream for screwing up the mission again. Well, if you haven't seen the movie and you enjoyed it as a kid like i did you will probably come away from the movie as I did. That is in amazement. Also, don't worry about the people slamming the movie for bad dialog. That is what the Star Wars movies were slammed for from critics time after time and Star Wars survived just fine. I am not putting this movie that high on my list because that would be unfair. I can however see this series of movies as I have already heard that they will make a trilogy out of it. I can see this trilogy being almost if not better than the X-men movies. Well, if you haven't seem it I recommend it highly even if you no nothing about The Transformers the movie sets it up and explains it all pretty well. Well, enjoy. Okay, as those who have seen the trailers will figure, the CG is pretty much the cornerstone of this movie. While it probably will blow you away, the novelty eventually wears off and then you wonder: hey, where did the plot go?! But then your attention is quickly drawn back by a giant robot slamming into an office block - or a wonderfully shot car chase; probably some of the most impressive action sequences to ever grace the silver screen.A hefty dose of cheese seems to have been added to the movie, but most of it can be laughed off. One particular scene was reminiscent of the fighter jet in the movie Stealth downloading songs off the internet. A few loose ends in the thin story probably suggest a sequel is coming - but how can anyone have a problem with that! It has its laughs (even if some are cheap) but the 2.5 hours go fast; I'm sure most people will leave the cinema on a high note. Hopefully this movie gets Bay the credit The Island didn't.And a postscript for hardcore Transformers geeks: go with your expectations at your ankles because you're probably going to cringe when something isn't as it should be (although even a minor fan like myself noticed a lack of original transformation noises). But on the whole this movie has plenty more to offer, and appeals to many more people. I loved it so much I loved the fight scenes! And I thought that even though it didn't get much praise I just was astounded Transformers is great start to the franchise with a sense of wonder and awe and a good balance of humour and spectacle. Sam Witwicky is a likeable human protagonist played excellently by Shia LaBeouf and John Turturro, Megan Fox and Josh Duhamel are all great. The CG is phenomenal and the Transformers designs are great. Peter Cullen is reliably perfect as Optimus Prime. Michael Bay's direction is incredible, resulting in some amazingly filmed and intense action sequences. The composed score by Steve Jablonsky is also incredible. Transformers (2007) is the only best one science fiction action film of the last three movies that I enjoy. Okay it is not the greatest or the best science fiction film but it is still a good one. It's the only, only movie I watch several times. Transformers 2 I watch three times in a row so far and that movie made me exhausted, Transformers 3 I watch it twice. Once on the computer and once on the DVD I rent it in the Library. I have the third movie on DVD till today I haven't watch that DVD and I think I give 13£ for it.I have enjoyed this movie much better than the last three. In Transformers I loved the car chases with Sam, how the story began, than the war and the chase for the glasses All Spark. I love it. I love actor Jon Voight. Now I know why he did not return in the sequels. The movie was really awesome and I can't say anything bad about it. It had a great plot great action and great excitement.This movie is great out of the four, which I think Age of Extinction is the worst one so far, over too long. Shia does an amazing job, the soundtrack is awesome and the special effects/sounds are "out of this world." I REALLY Love Transformers! A big fan of the original cartoon I grew up with the cartoon's as a kid. Could it only disappoint? Especially after all those less than OK "second generations" of the Transformers tale, and seeing that everyone's favorite Bumblebee character was no longer a VW bug, but a Camaro? Well, it was fantastic! It was great to see some of the characters adapt and come to life in this version, and the movie provides great action, really good humor and plenty of realistic effects for anyone, not just fans of the old collectibles. But it can only be even more exciting for fans when they are finally re-introduced to Megatron, Optimus, Jazz and more. The film does a great job of creating the feeling of helplessness for humans, which would only make sense against technology like the Transformers. I couldn't help buy find my hands continuously gripping the arm rests tighter, and that was during my second watch! Minus a few cheesy scenarios or brief moments that seem to creep into many an action movie.The Music score by Steve Jablonsky was awesome, I love all the music soundtracks in the film. Transformers is Michael Bay's first attempt of making of a Transformer movie and it succeeds. I saw this film and I was blown away, not only by the story, but how good the CGI of those robots were, these robots were looking like they were walking downtown In Los Angeles, they didn't look like CGI at all. They looked like realistic robots and that was great okay. For a movie that was under $2,000,000 that is right this film cost $150.000.000 and the robots looks that sweet, it was just great okay. The best thing about this film is not Michael bay heavy, you know what that means? It means there is no stupid and I mean stupid dialogues spoken trough the whole movie, the dialogues that was spoke trough whole this movie smart and somewhat funny in most parts funny mainly, it wasn't too over the top were feels like is not funny, that is stupid. Action in this movie is good, the movie is well paced at 2 Hrs. 24 Mins. is not the longest one that was the fourth one. Made was by Paramount Pictures and DreamWorks Pictures, they a lot and I mean a lot of Disney channel stars in in this film you got a Arwin (Brian Stepanek) from The Suite Life of Zack and Cody and that fat blonde boy that was talking about Armageddon. I think that was a joke that Michael Bay put on him self, this is hundred times better than Armageddon, and I was you mean Aramgeddon the film or the joke, because that was good poke, because Armageddon was awful, that was great I like that part. The mythology that was made for director Michael Bay. This is the beginning of the trilogy that tells the story of the long, galactic feud between the Autobots and their nemesis, the Decepticons. As a child of the '80's, how could you not love Transformers? I love it. I love the science action mythology flick of the first film, which did great. The interstellar battle between the Autobots and Decepticons rains destruction down on planet Earth as director Michael Bay adapts Hasbro and Takara's popular Transformers franchise into a big-budget, live-action summer tent-pole extravaganza in this ambitious sci-fi action feature starring Shia LaBeouf, Tyrese Gibson, Bernie Mac, John Turturro, Jon Voight, and, of course, Optimus Prime and Megatron. Enormous aliens have chosen the third rock from the sun as their ultimate battleground, and as the villainous Decepticons struggle to obtain the key to unlimited power, a young Earthling named Sam Witwicky (LaBeouf) may stand as mankind's last hope for survival.I am giving it a 10/10 It is not the greatest movie or the best one but it is a good entertaining film. Transformers is a 2007 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers toy line. The film, which combines computer animation with live-action, is directed by Michael Bay, with Steven Spielberg serving as executive producer. 10/10 Score: A Studio: DreamWorks Pictures, Paramount Pictures Starring: Shia LaBeouf, Megan Fox, Josh Duhamel, Tyrese Gibson, Rachel Taylor, Anthony Anderson, John Turturro, Jon Voight, Peter Cullen, Hugo Weaving Director: Michael Bay Producers: Don Murphy, Tom DeSanto, Lorenzo di Bonaventura, Ian Bryce, Steven Spielberg Screenplay: Roberto Orci, Alex Kurtzman Story by John Rogers, Roberto Orci, Alex Kurtzman Rated: PG-13 Running Time: 2 Hrs. 24 Mins. Budget: $150.000.000 Box Office: $709,709,780 this movie is far and away the best visual achievement in any media ever ever ever. It is so unbelievable. Everyone is talking about how Michael Bay went too "over the top" with the visual effects. This is ridiculous. That's kind of the point! This movie was not meant to be some epic drama like the Godfather. No. This is like Star Wars, but 30 years better graphics technology. The only reason this movie isn't on Star Wars level was that the script could have been better. Looking back, there were some very corny lines, but in the moment of the action, they just work. I don't know how it didn't win Oscar for best visual, somehow the Golden Compass beat it, which is ridiculous, because the Golden Compass would have to be the best visual of all time to top transformers. I actually haven't seen that movie, but it has "Eragon" dreadfulness written all over it in that it will have 10 million new concepts every 5 minutes, no character development whatsoever, which Transformers actually did have, despite what the critics say.This is the kind of movie that has so many dimensions. You'll watch it once, and you focus on the transformers. The next time you'll notice more things about Sam and Mikaela, then the next time you'll focus on the Army officers, then it'll be the Pentagon lady with the accent. Their characters are actually far more complex than you notice at first, because you're so zoned in on all the action. "Bring the rain" is now my favorite line of all time. This movie is so amazing you must see it i can't even tell you how much you need to see it. Even the drama-loving, detail-focused, picky critics will be awed by the action, despite what they will say about it's other "flaws" (i swear the script is the only one). This movie has something for everyone, and if you play COD4, R6V, or some other game like that then you'll really appreciate the weapons used in this movie.Please see this movie, it should really get like 9.5 stars, because 10 is perfect, and the script could have been better, but really, it works in the moment, and there are some really great lines, mixed in with some bad ones.This movie should have won, maybe 5 or 6 Oscars, and it probably would have if the critics had watched the movie 4 times, but they only saw it once, and only saw the action, thus, it wins no Oscars. I cannot stress enough how you need to see this movie more than once to appreciate it beyond its special effects, which are the greatest part about the movie, but you really should see it again, it just kind of all fits, it's kind of all wrapped up nicely. It's like a great book, everything just works.Lastly i would like to comment on the use of lines/scenes/shots/ideas from other movies used in this movie. Transformers does use lots of that, such as the fighter pilot scene from Independence Day, the Bunker scene from Terminator 3, and there's more, but the thing is, these are great scenes/ideas/etc. that Michael Bay borrows, so it is actually a good thing.Cannot say enough about this movie, you need to go see it, even if you don't speak English, it's worth seeing. I have just come back from a preview screening in Wellington New Zealand & I can tell you now that this movie raises the bar on all before it - the story , special effects , acting , pacing were all top notch but oh my god the action was non stop ! . I went to the movie not knowing much about the history of transformers & now I have been transformed " this movie is the best so far this year by quite a margin " , go see it you won't be disappointed " not at all " . One of the things I liked was the humor & it worked very well in the context of the film - there was allot of laugh out loud moments , People just wait till the end climax of the film it is the most awesome special effects action sequence ever put together on film . This movie is 10/10 no question about that . OK...I just walked out of the theater and I'm still jumpy. This is most likely the best Summer movie of 2007, and perhaps one of the biggest of the year. Last week I saw Die Hard 4.0, which was an awesome action movie, but this one takes another step further. I mean, who could have imagined a movie about robots that transform into common objects would overshadow most of this year's major superhero movies? The movie tells the story of a war between two robot clans, the Autobots and the Decepticons, the movie kicks off with the Decepticons beginning their first assault on Earth by attacking a US military base in the middle-east, as they appear they are looking for something, on a typical US town, a young teenager(Shia LeBouf) buys a car who appears to be a robot in disguise and this will push into a middle of a war between these two races, all this while the military try to piece together what just hit them. First of all, I must say one thing: ILM did this? For a second there, people were ranting how this company was getting upstaged by it's competition, because, special effects-wise, this movie makes most pre-2005 movies look like cartoons and it's perhaps the most intense action movie, and pretty nifty dialog. And something refreshing for a change: seeing US soldiers as compassionate, fearless and unwilling to back down from a fight even if it's an over-sized robot who can kill them easily. I honestly don't know how to descibre this movie of how an overwhelming experience that it was, I just have one or two minor complaints. As I suspected before, the movie doesn't focus as much on the robots at least, not up until a certain point as the young teenager and his girlfriend play the most vital role in the movie, but to my surprise it's wasn't bad, but as a result we don't get to bound as much with the Autobots, but one scene in particular when all of them transform with Sam and Mikaela watching was amazing, but sadly said robots didn't manage to bond as much as I wanted. But still most of the awe is watching for the first time giants robots, the feeling was very much like watching dinosaurs for the first time in Jurassic Park way back in 1993, but still a little more screen time would've helped. I was kinda annoyed that Optimus Prime spend most of the movie without his face armor, but he sure does look cool when he uses it. Finally, I probably shouldn't make a big fuss about it, but we have brave US soldiers and a secretary of Defense that mixes the best of Colin Powell and Winston Churcill, so why does the President sounds like an idiot on Air Force asking for candy, wearing red socks? While it doesn't spoil the enjoyment, you gotta wonder why does a president sound like a goof while everybody else doesn't act like it?Anyhoo... Go see this movie, that's all I gotta say. This movie was pretty good, not bad Michael Bay, He did a pretty good job, and the writers who writes this movie. And Megan Fox is so beautiful in the movie :) To start with, no film has Ever blown me away in the cinema like this one did! People always go on about the bad parts in films and give it like a one star because they're 'critics'. But this movie was everything you could hope for! I'm one of those sad action and special effects junkies, and this had it all. I used to watch beast wars as a kid so i was expecting transformations like that, not something with 70k parts (i think that's what the extras said anyway), so the first scene had me in love for the rest of the film. This is my first review for a film I think, so it shows how special this is and even the music is amazing! I would 100% recommend, I must have watched it at least 15 times now and its still amazing. Can't wait for the new one! Simply the best movie i had seen at that time and basically still holding up that standard today, man; the soundtrack, the score, the cast do i even to talk about the visualsMaybe wink* wink* the best film ever made in (my opinion), clearly still dear to my heart. I really enjoyed this film. With all the action and yeah. Very fun movie 