Right, Let it be known, this film is f****n quality! Genuinely, i watched it with no expectations- the cheeky marketing of it revealing very little worked perfectly in my instance. The opening 5/10mins meets characters, and almost tricks you into a false sense of calm and normality.When 'events proceed', the camcorder style filming instills a genuine realism to events, and the films definitely feeds off the mass concern and shock at global events/terrorist attacks/disasters, and the disjointed way news feeds through.I will say no more but this- watch this film. Don't go finding too much out, just watch, and get taken to a place most fiction movies aren't able to transport viewers to. Intense has been said a lot in other peeps reviews its exactly that. Proper Rocks.Out With all of the crazy viral marketing (that started way too early) some people were worried if it could live up to the hype. It COMPLETELY surpassed my expectations, and I went in expecting it to be good in the first place. Once things pick up and start rolling about 15 minutes in, I didn't relax until the credits started rolling. Yes, they give you a few brief moments to catch your breath, but even then you're still on edge, waiting for the next attack. I can't imagine this movie being executed in any way other than the hand held approach. They somehow managed to pull off SEVERAL absolutely beautiful shots/camera angles while still fitting into the hand held setting. The acting and dialog is so natural that it doesn't feel like they're acting a script...at ALL. It's incredibly intense, you're really pulled into the character's corners, and it's filmed wondrously. If you get motion sickness easily, you'll probably want to wait 'till this is out on DVD. Other than that...GO SEE THIS MOVIE. It's one of the greatest monster movies of all time. Actually...scratch that...it's THE greatest monster movie of all time. Cloverfield is nothing like your average Hollywood movie. Entirely filmed from the perspective of a (shaky) handy-cam, one would not expect a very visually attractive movie. This movie proves that this assumption would be so damn wrong. The story starts at a yuppie party, but then crap hits the fan. And when I mean crap hits the fan, it really does hit the fan hard. Cloverfield is a very intense movie and the first person view really makes you feel like you are in the middle of something that you would try to avoid in real life. It has been a long time ago that I sat through a movie with clenched fists and my jaw on the floor most of the time, but this movie managed to do so. Nevertheless the movie still has its funny moments, which are timed right, so it does not take away from the tension. I could say much more about this movie, but it is really something you should see for yourself. Get the tickets now! If you are gonna do shaky cam,This is the way to do it! This was
an absolutely thrilling and truly terrifying ride! Fantastic acting with realism that makes this movie Gripping and very Intense.
The monster ,especially at the end, is heartstopping in size and appearance, Whoa! I normally hate shaky cam stuff for its uaually reserved for movies with lame acting ,no plotline and bad effects but here, this movie takes that concept and makes it work..the effects are top notch and terrifying as is the sound mastering..The roars of the monster, the buildings crashing, metal creaking, the thuds and explosions are superb! Just a Wow! movie that deserves a look by any scifi fan.. okay, my dad came home from work the other day with four new DVD's, I legend, Alien vs predator,American gangster and clover field. We put on clover field, As being a thriller fan i was drawn right in it was great how the characters were introduced, and how you could go through there life without noticing that they were acting, Sure the start went for to long but it built up to a great story. I was so surprised when they just got attacked and i never saw it coming. It was just so good how the filming Made you feel like you were in the same place as they were and had you at the edge of your seats, Unlike my dad i loved the film and it kept me entertained for the whole 80 Mins i reckon it has to be one of the greatest thriller film ever! I went to see this movie at 12:01 A.M. on Friday morning, the first show, and thought the movie was great. Althoguh I will tell you that if you get motion sickness or easy headaches DO NOT see this film, and if you do move as far away from the screen as possible! My friend got a bad headache and we were halfway up in the biggest theater in at the place which probably holds about 300-400 people. I was not affected because I would just close my eyes for a moment if I felt like it was a lot of moving and it would help my eyes a lot. But I went into this film with no real knowledge of the film and no expectations. The marketing of this film was brilliant, and I believe they delivered a very good film with it! Now people are coming out and saying there was no plot or back story, and felt it was hard to relate or understand the characters, but what people aren't getting is that Cloverfield isn't supposed to be that kind of film. It is a film that we are supposed to watch as if we basically found or were shown footage from an attack on NYC by an unknown creature! I thought the film was effective and I truly felt as if I was with the characters while this all was happening and experiencing it with them, so it's not supposed to be a film with character development or a real plot or explanation. The film feels eerily similar to watching a 9/11 footage video, and when you watch those you feel for the people but don't need or expect a plot about them. Don't get me wrong their is a story within the film, but I'll just leave it at that. I thought the film was very innovative and almost ground breaking in the way it was shot and the feel you get from it! Great Job! Simply put, this movie was incredible. I'm not going to spend any time going into plot detail, or try to make an explanation for everything, because the best way to go into this film is not knowing anything at all. To me, it was a lot like 300 in the sense that this film has placed itself far away from everything else out there that's thrilling and filled with action. (don't take that comment literally, there's no spartan's in this movie, or huge holes for kicking people in... that said, 300 was totally awesome!) When I left the theater, Cloverfield had me waiting for the movie to keep taking place in real life. I felt like I had been right there all along, and that's the feel you get from the unique first person, free-hand camera angle you get the entire film. Now I'm telling you right now, I've seen tons of movies, I love movies, I even work at Blockbuster!!! (aka huge movie nerd) Go see this movie!!! If you're into action, thrillers, and looking for anything that will inspire or amaze, or even make you question (much like I Am Legend - another great film)... this movie is dauntingly realistic. I'm highly recommending it to you, and telling you, it really is worth it. Don't try and figure everything out, don't try to make an explanation for everything, just watch, and imagine, and this movie will have you at the end of your seat and you'll never get the chance to sit back and catch your breath. Go see it!!! This film had me tense throughout the whole film never have i had so much fun while watching a film it was great i give this 10 out of 10 stars although blare witch haters beware may cause motion sickness headaches anyways those who loved Godzilla and blare witch. this is a film for you !!!! great movie 10-10. And for those people that gave this film a 1 out of 10 you probably don't think that you just want to lower the films rating. This film also delivers more realism than other films can, it made me actually believe what happened in the film was true , because of the video camera type perspective probably. Definitely recommended for people aged 10+ Simply one of the best films ever made. Packed house at Pleasure Island. See it in Digital. Exciting while being well paced. Romantic while not being sappy. Tender while being tough. Just like the name Cloverfield, the movie conjures up uncertain, ill defined images and internal reactions. It is the perfect analogy for today's listless world.It was a pleasure to see a film which fully utilized the movie watching experience.Stay until the end credits for a mysterious clue and an amazing piece of music titled "Roar."If nothing else, the overture theme should be nominated for an Oscar. Cloverfield (2008).Chipper F. Xavier, Esq.After its shocking release 10 years prior, a repeat viewing of Cloverfield still manages to disgust and terrify. Unfortunately, many viewers do not recognize its genius. Imagine going to a famously hip New York nightclub on a Saturday evening and being shocked that there are heavy, 808-styled drumbeats interspersed throughout the catchy-but-vacuous lyrics as half-drunk people madly carouse about the parquet dance floor. A reasonable person would argue that you should have known what to expect. An open-minded person might even say, "... heck, that was different!" But only a 'hater' would exclaim: "That sucked!"Cloverfield, directed by Matt Reeves, written by Drew Goddard and produced by J.J. Abrams, is a shaky-camera, found footage horror film which begs the question: What would happen if a gigantic, intelligent, malevolent alien monster attacked New York City? In order to properly frame this fantastical event, the director filmed the movie using a hand-held camera to establish a sense of timely realism and cast relative unknowns as protagonists to force the audience to focus on what was happening within the camera frame. The result is partly unique, partly hilarious, very unexpected and 100% terrifying... But only if you, the viewer, allow a willing suspension of disbelief.Cloverfield works well because the field of view is grounded by normal twenty-somethings attending a going away party for a friend, brother and paramour, as viewed behind the lens of a handicam. When this banal celebration is interrupted by the surreal experience of unnatural disasters in a population-dense New York City, the fear is amplified and very real as the audience is taken along for a very bumpy ride.Some of the more original OMG-worthy moments include: 1) The head of the Statue Of Liberty flying through the air to land at the fleeing feet of pedestrians; 2) The giant, rampaging monster disgorging smaller babies from its body that fall to the ground and immediately begin attacking people; 3) The giant, rampaging monster carefully considering the cameraman before ruthlessly biting him in half.You don't have to like roller-coasters, haunted houses or Santa Claus to enjoy a good horror flick - but you are probably in the minority of the human population if you don't. Escapism only works if you give it permission - or else, you'll always be that person wondering why everyone but you is having such a great time. I thought that this was an EXCELLENT original film shot with a new style and really getting a lot out of the first person perspective. It adds to the realism of "this just happened" or "this really happened". Although the film got off to a slow start, the SFX and story more than make up for it. Once the movie got going, it really took off. One of the most interesting aspects to me is how they manage to keep the story moving very quickly, but fit so much in its rather short runtime. I honestly believe that if you are interested in any of the horror/ thriller/ action/ monster(?) genres you should see this movie, and even if you are not, it made 1-18-08 a fine day. Trust me- the film is a lot of fun. I wont spoil anything, but the last thing i would like to comment on is that the ending was not what it could have been, but nevertheless, 10/10 from me. Just got back from seeing it with a few friends and I must say, I was really surprised.If you like monster movies then this is the movie for you. This modern take on the old Godzilla film has you on the edge of your seat from start to finish. You may ask what it is. My only response to you is "God only knows." It was a really fun time. We yelled, we cried, we laughed (yes, there is a great deal of humor in it.) If you are planning to see it, there are some things which you must be prepared for. Namely, because this film is seen through the lens of a camcorder, the constant moving and jitteriness of the scenes may lead to motion sickness (a friend and I experienced this.) If you have a slightly weak stomach, bear in mind that because this is a monster movie, there will be some gross scenes. However, you will only hear things and see some blood spattering.With possible side effects aside, it is my belief that you will enjoy this movie just as much as I did. And one more thing: stay until AFTER the credits and listen very closely. at first i was upset that they decided to go the hand-held camera route, but once the action started, i thought it was nothing short of genius. this movie is perhaps the greatest pg-13 movie i have ever seen. it had non-stop action as well as phenomenal acting. while the concept was somewhat far-fetched, this movie made me believe that it is extremely possible. some people may laugh at that comment, but only because they are close-minded. if you stop and think about how big the ocean actually is, it is entirely possible that there could be "things" in there that have not yet been discovered. i usually won't give movies like this the time of day. however, i couldn't be happier that i did.GO SEE CLOVERFIELD!!! AND GO WITH AN OPEN MIND. This movie was awesome, first off, it was played out really well, I've been following it since the teaser before Transformers, first big movie of '08, and it earned it.We basically start out in Beth's apartment, the night after her and Rob slept with each other, and he convinces her to go to Coney Island with him, which is where the film cuts to the night of the party (as to say it started recording over it), and Jason is told to take testimonials by Lil, but he hands it to Hud, which has the camera from here till his demise.He goes around getting testimonials, but stops at Morlena to chat on purpose, then a small cumbersome fight with Rob and Beth start after she gets there (about the night they slept together but no one knows about it till Hud blabs to the whole party). It's a little after this that the monster attacks and the 5 minute preview that was released occurs, after this is a forced evacuation where we see the demise of both the Brooklyn bridge and Jason occurs, and Rob, Hud, Lil and Morlena decide to go find Beth whom is in her apartment.In the subway Morlena gets bit and they find a military place where they take Morlena away and she gets poked by them or something and grows big then explodes. After this they go to Beth's apartment and get her, and they go back to the military place and Lil is put on one helicopter and survives and Rob, Beth and Hud get put on another, which the monster attacks and brings down, a few moments after the crash they go to escape, but the monster looms over Hud and we see the monsters face fully, which is amazing, it then kills Hud, as after Beth grabs the camera, her and Rob hide under a bridge or something and Rob films the message and then they tell each other they love each other and then the military begins leveling NYC and then the camera cuts to Coney Island for the last few seconds of the movie.All together it was a really good movie, see it if you haven't. Plain and simple...you'll either love or hate this movie. No in between.I loved it! My girlfriend hated it and got really sick.DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE IF YOU HAVE MOTION SICKNESS!!!! If you can handle the shakiness then you'll really feel involved.It was fantastic. The special effects were amazing and the terror seemed so real. The scale of the monster seemed to change, but even that did not disturb my enjoyment of this film. I have heard the guy behind the camera referred to as an idiot, but the sold out audience and myself found him really funny. Well worth the hype.GO SEE IT! Oh. MY. GOD!!! CLOVERFIELD has everything: terror, laughs, pathos, sympathetic characters, a kick-ass Giger-like giant monster covered with what turns out to be even more destructive parasites, and location filming in NYC (and L.A., I'm told) with jaw-dropping F/X and one of the most chillingly apocalyptic endings since Hitchcock's THE BIRDS. What's not to love, at least for us creature feature fans? CLOVERFIELD plays like GODZILLA MEETS THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT sprinkled with a pinch of MIRACLE MILE, except that I found CLOVERFIELD's twentysomething protagonists far more sympathetic than THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT's self-centered overgrown brats. (The whole cast is likable, but Lizzy Caplan stands out as Marlena, who had the bad luck to be at the wrong party at the wrong time, waiting for friends to meet up with her.) The film cleverly presents its harrowing story as found footage taken from a camcorder discovered by the military in "the area formerly known as Central Park." The camcorder in question is wielded mostly by affable dimbulb Hud (T.J. Miller) at a farewell party thrown for his pal Rob (Michael Stahl-David) before he leaves to take a job in Japan (oh, the irony! :-)). The first 20 minutes or so play like one of those indie comedies about young adults getting their bearings. It's all fun and games until the Statue of Liberty's head crashes into midtown Manhattan. :-) Soon, Hud finds himself documenting Manhattan's destruction ("People are gonna want to know how it went down!") as he, Rob and others make their way across what's left of the collapsing, chaotic city to try to rescue Beth (Odette Yustman), the girl Rob loves, after hearing her tearful cell phone message that she's trapped under debris in her family's posh Columbus Circle apartment building. I know, being trapped in a posh apartment doesn't sound so bad, but trust me, Beth's upscale address doesn't seem so inviting by the time our beleaguered heroes reach her.The found-footage gimmick is used especially well. Seeing the events through the eyes of Hud and his roving camcorder strips everything down to its barest, scariest essentials in the movie's fleet-footed 84-minute running time. No scientists step in to explain the origins of the vicious beasts; the closest we get to an explanation are a few terse words from military personnel and glimpses of TVs in stores (often while said stores are being looted) showing news updates, talking about tankers being capsized and such. Since Hud has accidentally been recording over a tape of Rob and Beth spending a day on Coney Island, the little bits we occasionally see of the couple in happier days sneak in some backstory, as well as providing CLOVERFIELD with one of the most ironic-in-context last lines since the late Ulrich M체he's "It's for me" at the end of THE LIVES OF OTHERS.I must say I don't understand all these movie critics who've blasted CLOVERFIELD for its film-making style (though Richard Roeper and the Chicago Tribune critic filling in for Roger Ebert loved it, and rightly so) and for its alleged insensitivity and exploitation due to the plot's parallels to the horrific events of September 11th, 2001. My family and I, born and raised in New York, still lived and worked in NYC on 9/11. While we were lucky enough not to have lost any friends or loved ones in the terrorist attacks, I can tell you the makers of CLOVERFIELD did a splendid job of capturing the feel of a disaster-stricken city and its terrified but determined citizens. People need to get a little perspective, if you ask me. For heaven's sake, Japanese filmmakers have spent decades responding to the destruction their country endured during World War II by making Godzilla movies and related creature features. With nearly 7 years having passed since 9/11, why shouldn't American filmmakers like CLOVERFIELD producer J.J. Abrams, writer Drew Goddard, and director Matt Reeves make a horror movie in which New York City is decimated by a giant monster who makes Godzilla look like a sweetheart, with nightmarish, surreal destruction and loss of life that outdoes even the horror of the World Trade Center attacks? I mean, at least in real life, the entire borough of Manhattan and its people weren't destroyed. In the meantime, those of you reading this who haven't seen CLOVERFIELD yet should drop everything and go see it now, now, NOW!!! ...Migraine and Motion-Sickness Sufferer Alert... It's been said that for some sensitive moviegoers, the deliberately shaky camera-work in certain scenes caused queasiness. To be fair, I can understand why. For me personally, the combination of the Shaky-Cam and the strobe-like effect of the malfunctioning lights in Beth's ruined hallway during the Columbus Circle rescue scene kept threatening to trigger my migraines. However, I don't consider that to be a flaw in the movie so much as a flaw in my brain. :-) Nevertheless, the Shaky-Cam cinematography is appropriate for the film's premise, so hey, caveat emptor! ...End Migraine and Motion-Sickness Sufferer Alert... I think id say this is one of the most intense films I've ever seen at the cinema - first film I've really seen since childhood that i actually found thrilling to watch. some people complain about the long intro with the party etc, but i thought, whilst it did get a little boring, that it was so worth it once the action kicked in as it suddenly made what the characters were experiencing, and their reactions to it, so much more shocking and sudden. the switch from relative normality to chaos really was done so well.another issue that seems constantly bought up in the negative reviews to this film is the lack of any explanation about the monster, or really anything thats happening. again though, whilst you are left with a marginally unfulfilled curiosity, i left the cinema with a feeling of satisfaction none the less - based on the knowledge that had anything been explained, it would have ruined the whole thing for me. some lame explanation about the monsters origin etc etc would remove all credibility in my eyes. credibility being something that probably comes quite hard to movies about huge monsters, i thought that leaving a great-unknown was the perfect solution.really thrilling film, and definitely one to see at the cinema or on a big TV as opposed to streaming...really decent movie in my eyes- This movie activated the imagination of 15-year-old me. It's about the feeling of adventure and scale, and making the viewer feel like they are in the world of the story. It's an experience. When this movie came out, that had never been done before. Perfect for what it is, exhilarating and memorable, one million out of ten. Cloverfield follows a group of friends having a going-away party when a monster begins to rampage through Manhattan, they dare to journey through the wreckage to save one of their own.Watching this movie again 10 years later it doesn't appear to be aging at all. The effects are top notch. The monsters are intense and frightening.
This film was made before found-footage was so horribly overdone. At the time it still felt fairly new.
In all honesty this might be the scariest monster movie I've ever seen.
The cast is believable. Everyone works together well and has believable chemistry.This film just manages to feel so realistic, it's amazing.
I definitely recommend. Personally it's my favorite found-footage film. Best. Movie. Ever. So realistic, so scary, and so amazing. 10 stars. I seriously don't think I'll ever see a scary movie as realistic as this one was. It was very satisfying, even though the POV was slightly dizzying. I wouldn't mind watching it again, and I can't wait until it comes out to buy. I really just can't get over how amazing it was! I've seen that some people don't think that it was that good혰 that it didn't meet their expectations혰 but I think that it met mine혰 and then some! Seriously, it was a great movie, and I recommend it for anyone who doesn't mind monster movies, but I think that you should have someone there to hold on to, mostly because there are some "jumping" scenes. CLoverfield overall was a great movie fun party at the beginning and nonstop action, drama, suspense all through the rest of the film i loved the scene when the helicopter crashed and they look up and see the monster i froze in my seat. The movie was great action was great and at the end of the movie you find out the monster is in fact an alien whats that you say... alien well if you watched carefully after the explosion it goes back to a scene in Coney island and off in the distance in the far right hand corner you see a grey dot fall from the sky into the water. yes thats right i got chills and that made the movie for me i was glad they threw that little tid bit of info. When I first saw the trailer and the beginning of Transformers I turned to my brother and said "We've got plans for January 18th." And I just got back and it was worth the wait! Many people complain about the shaky camera movement making them sick, but it didn't bother me and I really believed it helped the movie feel more real. The great acting also extremely helped the overall mood of the film. Although I saw the statue of Liberty head fly in the trailer so many times, there was nothing like seeing the characters reaction to it after it happened.If you go into the movie expecting it to be all about the monster you WILL be disappointed. Although the monster looks crazy and great and does show up at various points of the film, it is not the star. The point of the movie is to show what a normal person would do faced with this situation and not what the army and president would do. Therefore, the characters obviously don't go looking for the monster.The movie has no real back story or explanations as to the origin of the monster, but it would make no sense if it did. This is just a video taped by four teenagers fighting to survive. So unless the monster had a big "Made in China" sticker on his back, how could they ever know.Overall the movie was amazing. Great characters, sound, special effects, and it's a roller coaster ride of emotion as the movie unfolds. This was worth the long wait, and I'm glad a movie as great as this can be made. This movie was the perfect monster movie. Very well done. The whole series is fantastic. I hope they conclude it To see this film at the Cinema was an experience to behold, something I won't forget for a long time. I have since bought the DVD and although my parents disliked the film because of it being "To short with a crappy ending", It is without argument that this is definitely a film to be reckoned with and easily one of the most cleverly filmed flicks of recent times.It's something just a little bit different, so allow me to review what I like about the film.The cleverly selected and anonymous cast. - This worked perfectly for the film, I did not recognise a single face for the duration, which allowed for serious plot changes and twists because there was no Main Character that couldn't die, because there were no famous actors that needed to see the film through.The CGI. - Another beautiful part of this film is the scenery which surrounds what is happening, the iconic decapitation of the statue or liberty was an awesome way of setting the tone. My only criticism would be the Monster it'self, looking slightly un-detailed in comparison to the rest of the film.The Idea - 10/10, What a way to attract a crowd, don't tell or explain anything, do some quiet shouting, make the people want to watch the film using curiosity, and it works so much better when you don't have a clue about the film, honestly, I was totally drawn in.The Ending - Again has had some bad reviews based on this, Personally, I don't think it could have ended better, finally, a film that doesn't end on a good or bad note, just silence. Cloverfield is the film equivalent of a roller-coaster ride, pure thrills. The story begins with a group of twenty somethings in New York celebrating the departing of one of their kind, Rob, who has accepted a job in Japan. Hud, a layabout with feelings for another girl at the party, is given the job of documenting the night on the home video camera. It is through what Hud films, that we see everything that happens throughout the night and as the party progresses we get a good feeling for each individual character and their respective romances and qualms with one another. Then the events take a turn for the worse when the city is rocked by ominous rumblings and subsequent power outages. Suddenly the city is under attack by 'something' and the friends find themselves running for their lives from a gigantic creature (and various smaller ones)that are wreaking havoc.Cloverfield is an exercise in 'what if' and as this, it works incredibly well. The Handy cam style creates level of immersion i have never felt with another film. The style results in the building of tension and fear, through the fleeting glimpses we see of the monster, a leg and a tail glimpsed only for a second are much more frightening than seeing the monster in all it's CGI glory (which, inevitably, we do.) From the get go Cloverfield grabs you're attention and doesn't let go until the credits roll (though you wish they didn't have to.) Handy Cam style may have it's enemies but here it has never worked better, creating untold levels of realism. A a creative, original feast for the eyes and nerves, this film will leave you buzzing and hungry for more, just DON'T watch it on a small television!!! 