I personally did not read the book prior to watching this movie. I did not go into the theater with preconceived ideas or expectations. With that being said, I was not disappointed at all. Most of the negative reviews this movie is getting is from raging nerds who say it's not as good as the book (are they ever)?) This is a great and entertaining movie, I absolutely recommend ignoring the raging nerds and go watch it. The movie is awsome i would like to make you the next movie please this is movie they can bring new things because is bazed in game Geeks rejoice. Spielberg is back to form!! I was privileged to see Ready Player One last night and I still can't stop smiling about it. It's very strange to feel this energised after a film and I've not felt like this since Avatar. I can honestly say with hand on heart that for me, that was the best cinematic experience I've had in years. Oh my God, it's a wonderful piece of filmmaking. Not only are there so many references to geek culture including films and TV shows we all love and hold dear but the overall story, pacing, character development, FX and score are simply perfect. Spielberg is in total command here and flexing his muscles. There's many imitators to his throne (remain nameless) but no one can touch him when he's doing what he does best. There's not one single scene in RP1 that felt flat or shouldn't be there and everything flows so perfectly the 2 hrs and 40 mins flies by. I'm still smiling over one scene that made me lose my mind. Lol. 
If you can find fault with RP1 you cannot be a film lover but please don't even try to find fault with it. Just go on and let this stunning and fun and loving piece of cinema wash over you. You'll be glad you did!!!! "Ready Player One" was first a sci-fi novel written by Ernest Cline, published in 2011. Warner Bros. saw so much potential in this novel, they bought the rights for its film version a full year before it was even published. Cline adapted his own book into a script, with the assistance of veteran screenwriter Zak Penn. With Steven Spielberg signing on to direct in 2015, this film had all the ingredients for a blockbuster film.It is 2045. Wade Watt was an orphaned young man who lived in the "Stacks," a dystopian slum neighborhood in Columbus, Ohio. Like everyone else at that time, Wade spent his days going inside the OASIS, a virtual world where people can do anything they desire. As his avatar Parzival, Wade wanted to win the game challenge left by the late OASIS inventor James Halliday -- where anyone who can win three keys leading to an Easter Egg hidden somewhere in the OASIS will inherit full ownership of the Halliday's invention. I first saw lead actor Tye Sheridan in 2015 in two thematically diverse films like "Scout's Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse" (MY REVIEW) and "Dark Places" (MY REVIEW). He then made a strong impression as the young Cyclops in "X-Men: Apocalypse" (2016). His role here as Wade Watts is bound to launch this young 21-year old actor into super-stardom. Although half of the time, we see him as his avatar Parzival, Sheridan ably carried the whole film on his shoulders in both the action and drama components of his role. His group of friends in the OASIS were a diverse bunch of very skilled video game geeks. Lena Waithe played Helen Harris, whose OASIS identity Aech was a musclebound male techie and Wade's best friend. Win Morisaki and Philip Zhao play Japanese gamers Toshiro and Akihide whose avatars were samurai Daito and ninja Shoto respectively. Olivia Cooke played Samantha Cook, a rebel activist in real life and Wade's cyber crush Art3mis virtually. Although the book does not have a follow-up, it does not seem impossible if we see this group again in a future sequel for further adventures of The High Five.Mark Rylance was not easily recognized in his unkempt long-haired geek make-up as the eccentric James Halliday, the timid genius who developed a virtual world to escape the loneliness of the real world. Simon Pegg played Halliday's only friend and business partner Ogden Morrow, who later became estranged due to their divergent philosophies. Veteran character actor Ben Mendehlson played the main antagonist character Nolan Sorrento, CEO of the Innovative Online Industries or IOI, manufacturers of virtual reality hardware. He hired an entire army of virtual warriors in order to win Halliday's Easter Egg in order for IOI to gain control of the whole OASIS. There was so much subtle tongue-in-cheek humor in his portrayal of a ruthless character. T.J. Miller stole scenes as virtual mercenary i-R0k whom Sorrento hired to do his virtual mayhem. This film was so much fun to watch with all the pop culture references that abound in it. You'd need repeated watching of this film to catch all those little juicy details hidden in the scenes and the dialogue. You will see King Kong, Mecha-Godzilla, Gundam, the Iron Giant in all their glory, and catch glimpses of the Batmobile, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Tony Manero's disco moves and many more. The musical soundtrack was steeped in 1980s pop songs, beginning with Van Halen's "Jump" from the opening scene, and citations of a-ha and Duran Duran. There were rich references to 1980s movies with mentions of names like John Hughes, Ferris Bueller and Buckaroo Banzai. Parzival's car is a DeLorean from "Back to the Future." There was entire elaborate segment dedicated to a tribute to the horror classic "The Shining" (Stanley Kubrick, 1980), in what is probably the most fun part of the whole film. Watching a film like this in 3D IMAX is very much worth the additional ticket expense. The computer-generated world of OASIS really came alive three-dimensionally for the audience as they are drawn in and immersed into what is practically what the characters were virtually seeing and experiencing in their heads. From the 1970s all the way to the 1990s, Steven Spielberg had given us some of the most engaging adventure films of all time both by young film fans and old -- "Jaws" (1974), "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" (1977), "Raiders of the Lost Ark" (1981), "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" (1982), "Jurassic Park" (1993). It is only now that Spielberg had again handled material that showed that he still had that magic touch when it comes to directing these types of films, making them connect with audiences of all generations. 10/10. Books to movies will always disappoint certain viewers, so I don't even know why people who read them watch them, because they are never happy. 
I LOVED this! As a gamer myself, I love seeing all the games come to life, but most of all, I love the story. I think it was great! I loved this movie! I will be seeing this again! NO SPOILERS - I promise.BEST VIDEO GAME THEMED FILM OF ALL TIME &
AN INSTANT CLASSIC FOREVERLet me first off state that I have not read the book prior to seeing this film. However, I enjoined the film sooo much that I am now interested in buying the book so that I can see the difference between it and the film adaption. This movie is full of nostalgia! You feel like Marty Mcfly in Back to the Future - going back in time, only in this case - a journey filled with absolute nostalgia of pop culture from the 80s and possible some early 90s. The entire time you can spot references or so called easter eggs throughout the entire film. You get that feeling of being a kid again and reliving your childhood (if you grew up in those times) on a roller coaster ride! The nostalgia is not just other things you see throughout the film but also from some of the lines the characters in the story use, their gestures, and even clothing apparel! Not to mention, the music!!! What a great choice and what better than using Van Halen's "Jump" in the trailer to let you know you're about to step back into 80s!The film displays beautiful vivid colors of non stop special effects and the action is very consistent without long dwelling scenes of nonsense found in other films. You feel like you're enjoying an absolute retro filled vibe through the movie yet it doesn't feel outdated at all - it feels modern and current with the times! It's like Tron meets Wreck it Ralph w/ a small touch of maybe say The Wizard!The film was an awesome refresher to all the recent most disappointing films in Hollywood, and that old school still has a great touch of simplicity but also powerful creativity that many film makers could learn from today, a message to film makers today - when you over complicate films or stories you tend to lose a lot of quality in the fun factor. The film is NOT overly cheesy and doesn't make you cringe or soo bad its good in examples of other films like "The Wizard", "Super Mario Bros", "Street Fighter", "Dead or Alive", "Pixels" or "Double Dragon" etc. No, this film got it right! The only thing I will say is that it did feel like they could have elaborated on some essential things that are missing from the book that people have mentioned but hey, the film is only roughly 2 hours, its not enough time to cram all of that. I could name hundreds of other films that have come out recently over the last couple years - including this year, that are absolutely terrible with plot holes, long dragging needless scenes and didn't make the best usage of a film's time. But this movie: READY PLAYER ONE did a great job in managing its time among scenes because they spent more time on the things that people wanted to see!!Not to mention, the film has a great message that its trying to get across and that is explained at the end.I enjoined the movie soo much that after seeing it the first time at a standard showing, I decided to watch it a second time in I-max! Yes it was worth paying more to see it again on the big screen!! I took my gf and she loved every bit of the film!Hope you guys found this review to be helpful!GO SEE IT!!! I must admit, I had my doubts, but RP1 is insanely good! 
I don't think I've ever had that much fun at a movie theatre, it truly was an experience. Bring your friends, or your kids, or anyone and enjoy that ride that is RP1!!!!!! Real classic movie for those gamers, that's exactly how I imagine the world is gonna be in the near future, everybody will be playing online games with VR devices. And we should be really careful because we might take less attention to our life in the real world. This movie is a must see for family. I first off never read the book, but I am part of the generation this movie is referencing toward. I had an Atari 2600, Intellivison and Colecovision. I was one of the geeks that would spend weekends playing D and D. I was into anime, cartoons and science fiction. But as with all of us, we all grow older with family and responsibilities. That said, I convinced my wife (who was never into Sci-fi or Fantasy movies) and my 12 yr daughter and 9 yr son to see this movie with no prior pre-conceptions. The result was that we absolutely loved it!In the movie the CGI graphics were amazing, my kids were glued to the screen watching all the action and effects. There were never any slow or boring parts in the CGI world. Caution: The part looking for the second key might be intense for younger kids (mine just closed their eyes). All the numerous characters and 80's references my wife and I found definitely gave us nostalgic smile and laughs during the movie.The seamless action and story of the characters in the real world was actually riveting and it felt the long movie run time went by fairly quick. I thought all the characters fitted well and not once did my family groan about a character.I know there has been some negative reviews by people who are comparing it to the book (just like the movie "Enders Game"). However, if you look at this movie as it is presented to the viewer, it is a fantastic movie! My family could not stop talking about it the last few days. I really enjoyed the ending with the final general message that Spielberg is relaying, where true life and happiness comes from. That powerful underlying message was something my kids took out of this movie, besides the absolute great storytelling.If you have kids, I strongly recommend you take them to see it! Maybe this is my firs time giving a comment on a movie, as a person who enjoy movies i just wanna say, thank you for everyone who break a sweat to make this movie, it's really satisfying, this movie is so epic, i love it so much. This has to be the most amazing movie that I've ever seen! Spielberg is an absolute genius. I haven't been so excited about a scifi movie in a long timeSpielberg just hit the Jackpot, its a visual journey through Pop Culture from the last 30 years. So many easter eggs that you have to watch it over and over again to get them all. The IMAX 3D version is worth the money and the story is very pleasent and credible (havent read the book)
Its a 140min of a journey trough all the things you love from the last 30 years, from Saturday Night Fever, to The Shining, to all the movie and computer games heroes.
Very well played by Tye Sheridan and Olivia Cooke are great in their parts.And Steven Spielberg is as young and fresh as a daisyTop my list with 10/10 Never read the book though, I will do so soon. But the movie was really entertaining and I loved every part of it. This a gr8 movie i have seen this movie several times in cinema ,especially fighting scene between mecha godzilla and iron giant, i hope they some movies on the rest of the characters like halo, iron giant , battle toad . This movie is awesome for anyone who likes action/adventure movies, 80s movies, Steven Spielberg, video games. The CGI was awesome and I'm not one to usually praise CGI for I miss the old ways of special effects. I get it! It's not a page for page recreation of the book, but that's what happens in adaptations.Cline wrote the book, and helped write the script. In college i learned that the most important part of adapting books to scripts is telling the linear narrative. How do we get Wade from point A to point B while keeping as many elements of the book without it being obtrusive on the narrative. In this respect, the film nails it in spades 
It's Spielberg at his most creative. He directs in a world full of possibilities and wonder that serve as eye candy while the story thrusts us into this dystopian Ohio. In the end, it's a fun, escapist film that reminds those of us of a certain age how great are childhoods were, with literally 1000's of pop culture references. But read the book along with seeing the movie, to round out the whole narrative. Both are excellent!! I thought the book was well written, and the story drew me in immediately. Given that there's too much detail in the book to fully convey in a movie, and that movies are rarely better than the book version of the story, I was pleasantly surprised by Spielberg and the writers' interpretation. Yes, there were many parts of the book omitted, and scenes added that were not in the book, but the end result was a highly entertaining movie! It was a great ride from start to end, and the core of the book is well represented in the movie. I urge everyone to see this movie and don't listen to others who are hyper-critical, it's well worth it! You need to know Pop Culture and have lived the 80's to fully understand the movie... but if you do, it's AMAZING! Brilliant film, great fun and would definitely watch again. Even if the concept doesn't appeal to you, give it a go, you won't regret it! I have recently seen the latest Spielberg movie, and it measures up to greats like E.T., Jaws, and Jurassic Park. Ready Player One is a movie about a virtual world called the OASIS whose creator, James Halliday (played by Mark Rylance) has died. In his will he creates a quest for control of the OASIS, which Parzival (played by Tye Sheridan) had devoted his life to winning. The quest is entirely 80s themed, and is absolutely great.
All of the actors did a great job playing their roles. One of the best was Mark Rylance. He did an exceptional job as James Halliday, and the somewhat crazy man he was. Simon Pegg, who played Ogden Morrow, did a great job being annoyed at the weird kid always wasting his time. 
I loved all the 80s references in the movie. The music was amazing, as well as all of the cameos. Although I was upset at how much it changed from the book, it was still just as good, if not better. The best scene was the final battle, by far. 
I think that the moral is overused, yet important. It teaches that reality is more important than a game. Although it is necessary, it doesn't need to be in every movie and book a child ever reads. But, unlike most movies and books, it is subtle with this moral, and it does a good job of saying it's message without full out calling video games evil, like most movies incorrectly say.
You will like this book if you were a teenager in the 80s, or even a teenager nowadays. It has a lot of 80s references, but almost every major reference can still be understood today because their about such well known things. All of the music is some of the most well-known 80s music ever, and all of the videogames are immortalized legends. It takes very little 80s or video game knowledge to understand this movie, but the more you have, the better. This movie is also rated PG-13, and I agree with that rating. This movie uses pop culture references raging from the past and present. These references were used in a way that not only made me feel nostalgic, but also emotional.This movie has a deep message about living in the present and not getting lost in virtual households. Towards the end of the film, Parzival beats the game and gets to speak to the REAL Halliday and not his avatar. He asks him, "why did you do all this?" to which he responds by saying that he had a hard time socializing and communicating in the real world so he made this game. Though he says that he did have a good and fun time, he also says that you need to take off the googles once in a while to eat, sleep and use the bathroom. He says "reality is tough, but its the only real thing we have" meaning that we should appreciate it.And once Parzival asks another question, he just says " Thanks for playing my game Parzival" and exits a door that ends the game. This was really touching as the journey made me realize the tough life that Halliday.Ready Player One did a great job in managing its time among scenes because they spent more time on the things that people wanted to see!! (references and such)
This is a great movie and it is trully worth the watch. It will not be a waste of your time and you will have an amazing experience.GO SEE IT!! I'm genuinely surprised by the low reviews that exist.
as someone who has not read the book, (tho i have ordered it), this film delighted me.
I am a consumer supporter for VR (own a Rift)
I also, well, enough about me.
We've had nothing to represent the VR industry since The Lawnmower Man, a film i enjoyed but would consider appalling after watching this.
This movie... was enchanting. 
I look forward to watching it in 3D through my HMD.
I genuinely don't know where to begin in my praise, enchanting seemed to say it all. 
Spielberg, has proven that his talent, skill and shine will exist until the day he dies. 
Thank you for bringing us this film. I confess I was afraid of this adaptation. Could Steven broadcast the games to the movies? Yes, it did and brought its essence from the 80's. Group of friends, great adventure, quality action, world-building and villain worthy of villain.If Steven continues, this may be one of the best franchises in years.And Disney, where's your Tron now? I rate this for Gundam! If u love Gundam or other games like stuff then just go watch! I read RPO way before the movie and when I heard it was going to become a film I was so excited. Then I began becoming disappointed after I heard that the first key where we start seeing character development between Z and Art was completely ripped out and re imagined. Still as a fan of the book I wanted to give the movie a shot. I'm glad I did because it was awesome. It was completely different from the book but because I read it, I already had the full character development, and tones set. I was able to enjoy a new story with the same character which made it so much fun! 