David Fincher's adaptation of the Stieg Larsson novel is an embarrassment. Fincher manages to reveal all the wrong details at all the wrong moments, effectively destroying any mystery or suspense to the story of the missing girl. Which, despite being the center of the book, is merely glossed over and instead we get unnecessarily graphic rape/sex scenes and a jumbled storyline. Nearly the entire cast give sub-par performances, particularly the main character. Mara Rooney couldn't be less believable as Salander. It was garbage. I can't believe this unoriginal piece of trash managed to get nominated for multiple Oscars. What a shame.The main story of the movie, at least based on screen-time and storyline, is discovering the killer in a supposed murder committed 40 years ago, however there's a lot of time dedicated to Lizabeth's life that leads to nothing, especially the ugly rape scenes, that after seeing the ending of the movie, I found completely irrelevant to the story, if the idea was to show her past and all the mess that was her life, a couple of minutes of a review of her files would have been enough.Some of the reviews that I have read claim that on the book, Lizabeth's life and his will to make a stand against violence against women was the main story of the movie, if that's the case then the director made a mess of the story and the movie is worst than I have rated it, because there's no way to get to that conclusion after watching it.Also I still don't get the first ten minutes of paint and Trent Reznor's music, totally out of place.I have a strange relationship with the story of 'The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo'.On a long international flight back home, it was the only book I could find in English in the bookshop that didn't have a blerb that made me vomit. Over-hyped though it was, I thought it would fit the bill, and it did. It helped keep me sane over the cramped hours.Then I saw this version of the film, and it didn't make any real impression.Eventually, I discovered it was a remake and went and sought out the Swedish original.So - read the book and saw both film versions. You might conclude that I must really like the story, and hold the author in great esteem?I regret this is not the case, oh dear me no.Without wishing to insult Mr. Larsson's ghost, I'm afraid I think his book is boring and over-rated - it certainly didn't motivate me to read the other two. And I've read much better mysteries that could have been made into films.I think the Swedish version is a rather good film that removes some of the book's tedium, but it's still nothing that I'd label as an "enduring classic" or some such hyperbole.I think this version, now I have the context of the real film, the original, is a steaming abortion and frankly rather embarrassing:The opening credits are idiotic, grating, and inappropriate: telegraphing that wheels had fallen off.Rooney Mara's performance is shockingly, appallingly bad. Perhaps it was the script and a completely talentless director? I don't know.Daniel Craig mailed-in his performance.Everyone but Craig has absurd Swedish accents but speak in English.The music is god-awful, sorry Trent but it is, it's totally wrong for the film.It's almost a shot-for-shot remake of the original, but in a purely colour-by-numbers, box-ticking way.Everything is More, Bigger, Longer, like a Spielberg effort. The sets are bigger, the vehicles are bigger, the houses are bigger, the rooms are bigger, and everything is stretched out as much as it can be, but without any added finesse.A cardboard and lacklustre, going-through-the-motions, rubbish film.And even more boring than the book.------First of all let me call Lizbeth the Wild Wonder Woman. She is certainly wild with the hair, clothes and stainless steel and she is a bit of a wonder with her ability to take over any computer on the planet. Also all the computers that she takes over belong to people who keep their whole lives on their laptops including their banking records, their life's history,the codes to their accounts in the Cayman Islands etc.It's all there waiting for WWW. Also she has a wonderful relationship with various police forces, all she has to do is walk in and ask for what she wants and she gets it. Certainly a WWW.Christopher Plummer's offspring disappeared 40 years ago and he has decided that she is dead and not only that but murdered by a member of the family and he has devoted the 40 years to unmasking the killer without result. So he calls in Daniel to solve the mystery.The problem with this is that there is no reasonable cause or rationale for making this assumption. So you have to see it as a plot facilitator and a poor one.Daniel's investigation proceeds with Lizbeth's help and seems to consist mainly of looking at old photos. No divulging of the ending but there is the identification of a couple of serial killers which makes as much sense as Curly did in the Three Stooges. All together way too long and a waste of your time.The sound, and music are without doubt the worst my wife and I have had to endure in any motion picture foreign or domestic. The so called suspense sounds are ridiculously ineffective. The noise, so called music, distract from the dialog, making it impossible to hear in some instances. Evidently actors no longer find it necessary to speak distinctly. Surely they weren't taught that in their training. It has become the norm to mumble, and slur words,particularly when speaking softly. Scenes with "whispering" are totally incoherent. A few years ago we attended the holiday concert of a 200 +/- man chorus in Boston. One of the pieces was totally pianissimo. You could understand every word. No excuse for lack of diction, nor in the noise blotting out speech. The foreign / Swedish version was infinitely better.I will start out writing that I never read the books or watched the original movie. I'm writing this based just on the film that was presented and nothing else. That being stated, this film was a tedious, convoluted mess of nonsense, graphic rape-torture, and mostly stereotyped uninspired casting.I am not going to give a detailed synopsis, you can get that elsewhere. All I will say is the plot has something to do with an industrialist who hires Daniel Craig to find out who killed his niece. The graphic rape-torture scenes make you feel like you are watching a snuff film. The casting of the rapist was almost laughable. A fat, creepy looking Yorick van Wageningen plays the rapist. The reality is rapists look like everyone else. I'm surprised he did not have an eye patch and a scar on his face. Another point, what predator (Wageningen) would pick a would be victim who he knows has a history of unpredictability, violence, and works for a security company! Totally unrealistic.I really do not understand the people who love this film. I think their positive reviews say more about them then it does the movie....Blabber about the Swedish versus US version, standing in line, all that hype. I manage to squeeze myself and my girlfriend in one of the smaller theaters in the city, as the large ones have been under assault since the beginning of the phenomenon. Movie starts, they start speaking English with a reverential accent toward the European and Nordic chef d'oeuvre. The enumeration of Swedish cities starts, just to state that this is not an attempt to dampen the color and depth of the original masterpiece. We meet the male lead David, who just got his arse handed over from Goliath. Needs to get away from the hassle. Lick the wounds. No cliché there. I notice a wall light is not working along the narrow hall way in the theater. Pretentious introductions of the very special family follow. Just like in a wrestling event we are being introduced with all the participants and prepared just for how twisted and awful they are. Then more stalling. More landscape. This is where I first look around and notice the led lights around the steps. I start finding them fascinating. I'm thinking about going out to smoke a cigarette. I remember, I don't smoke. DAMN!No doubt the light must affect the psyché of people in a Nordic country, I'm thinking. Let's see the monsters now. There's the rapist, but most importantly the only character in this story who ever outsmarts punky girl in a supposedly smart thriller, because from now on it's mission impossible for her. She turns into bike-hacker extraordinaire. Back to the storyline. More landscape and sterile interior design. The end.Just kidding, I purposely left the most important aspect for last. The cat and mouse game with the killa. There's a cat in the movie, does that count? No mouse. No game. The killa...what's special about him? The actor is actually Swedish. Hmm, just another layer to the story, better said trivia section. I remember I forgot to buy a bottle of wine for this evening. DAMN!Next: Punky beats Goliath Jane Bond style, THE END. Or is it? I remember, it's a trilogy, DAMN!You think my comment was long? Try watching the movie. You'll wish you were in attendance at an insurance seminar. At least there you would have a window to look out of.Fincher's The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo suffers from the same inanimate feel about it as did Panic Room from 2002. And although both attempts were admirable, it does seem that Fincher needs more intricacies in the subplot and less obviousness in the screenplay than both Panic Room and the film in review had to offer. As it is, the film just barely manages to make you care about a tale involving a wrongfully convicted journalist and a female hacker who looks too preposterously edgy/angry/victimized to be anywhere near believable. The multiple stories they tried to cram into one film, which probably is the fault of the source material, seems highly incompatible. Either make a film about the brutalized and haunted life of a young woman, or make a whodunit. By the time the two main stories came together, I had lost all hope for the film to become less derivative and kooky. Even the soundtrack by Reznor felt completely fake as it was a mere echo of his previous work on his Oscar winning score for the Social Network. Really nothing in this film concealed the true intentions of the producers with the box office revenues in mind.In this, the film is every inch as bad as The Mysterious case of Benjamin Button in which Fincher also managed to thoroughly overproduce a flimsy idea with no real interesting story behind it. It's time Fincher made a new deal with Andrew Kevin Walker and create another Se7en. Being a producer's wife is a sore waste of his amazing talents as a director.51/100Watching Fincher's remake was so much like deja vu that I wondered if the director had simply employed CGI artists to superimpose American and English faces over Swedish ones. I also wondered how Hollywood gets away with this level of grotesque artistic plagiarism. Niels Arden Oplov must surely be outraged because this is more his film than Fincher's. This is a remake with absolutely no creative effort put in-except for those appallingly unnecessary and unconvincing faux-Swedish accents. Why even bother? All I can think is Fincher was under contract to make his film identical to Oplov's, but using English language.The girl with the dragon tattoo is perhaps Finchers weakest effort with a cut and paste rendition of the Swedish original that couldn't hold my interest either. Although beautifully shot in the lavish Finsheresque style, the story of a talented young investigator who teams up with a journalist to unravel a 40 year old mystery belongs in an episode of Inspector Morse rather than in a 3 hour long attempt to warp time.From the completely out of place opening sequence up, I was thoroughly annoyed that the film couldn't grab and hold my attention for even more than 3 consecutive scenes. It in stead annoyed the hell out of me with the incompatible soundtrack compiled from the left-overs of Trent Reznor's previous soundtrack for The Social Network. Perhaps even more annoying are the two completely unconnected stories that take forever to intertwine and didn't spark an iota of interest in the outcome of the story or the fate of the protagonists.There is Zero character development, a totally forgettable scenario combined with a a far too linear, thin and familiar plot culminating in an inescapable conclusion which all the same didn't make any sense unless the killer wanted to be caught.Watching this, I had trouble resisting the urge to do the laundry.3/10One of the worst films I have ever seen. Every single scene was flawed and had errors. From beginning to end the movie had mistake after mistake. Now most movies have one or two mistakes and you just over look it but when it happens in every scene of the movie, you can't just wave it to one side.For example, when Bond leaves the London underground and starts running to save M. Here we have TWO errors. Firstly, M does not do MP's committee meetings and secondly, why does Bond run half way across London to get to her? Why not stop one of the police officer's to either drive him or to give him the car? There are so many errors, like I already said in EVERY single scene of the movie.Few others that I still remember are such as the opening scene, why does Eve who just mistakenly shot Bond with an automatic rifle not then open fire on the bad guy? How did Bond even survive such a drop? How did he end up in the arms of a beautiful woman on a beach? How did Eve even miss shooting him jumping on the train earlier? Why did the bad guy who had an automatic pistol and had Bond pinned down behind a wooden market stall decide to jump on a motorbike rather than to kill him? Why did the police bikers even drive straight towards a man firing a weapon? How did Eve even turn up with a vehicle just as Bond left the building? So many errors and so many gaps and that's just the first 8 minutes! I can go on and on and on. EVERY scene had massive errors, Even the Aston Martin DB5 scene, how comes Bond has it? Why would he even run away with M and get her killed? Are the SAS on strike? How did Bond leave the casino in Macau after killing 3 bodyguards? Does a large casino only have 3 security guards? Why even would they fight? Surely they would have just shot him as soon as he enters the casino? Javier Bardem's baddie character was ridiculous and comical. It was totally unbelievable, even an 8 year old wouldn't believe the storyline. Poor acting and the camp/gay innuendos were painful to watch. I couldn't believe what I was watching.This was an appalling movie. It relied on Judi Dench to hold it all together. Sadly I am not able to give it a 0 so I will give it 1/10. No action in the movie what so ever after the opening scene. Two men hugging on top of a train has been done so many times. Pathetic movie and the only people who will enjoy this are the brain dead. Shame on critics who were saying this was the best Bond movie ever, you should be ashamed of yourselves.I used to like Daniel Craig as Bond but thanks to this movie I now dislike him too. Well done to Sam Mendes and Co, it takes a certain amount of talent or the lack of it to single handedly destroy Bond. The hero in this movie was the final credits, the real baddie in this movie was the man behind the camera.There are so many things wrong with this movie. Most of the elements of a good Bond movie aren't there.The locations aren't well used. The Istanbul roof top & Bazaar chase has already been shown in "Taken 2" and the TV show "Missing". Dejavu. The way they showed 'Shanghai' and 'Macau' at night it could have been filmed anywhere. The Scottish countryside shown was so grim.Where are the cars and gadgets? Nothing but the old Aston Martin. Just that pistol and tracker. The new Q is so ineffective. The villain played by Javier Bardem. He is more comical than sinister. With the blond fright wig, the campy overtures and the most frightening of all, the dentures this must the most absurd bad guy in Bond history.The climax feels cheap and conventional. They must have run out of money for the second half. Such a stupid idea to bring M to that run down Scottish house. With the home made defences and geriatric defenders, it felt like Home Alone meets the Golden Girls. Might as well have asked Betty White or grandma to join in. The new Bond girl Berenice Marlohe is exotic and fascinating to look at. But why only one? Writing her out of the show so early and not having another was a mistake. The Bond girl is supposed to end up saved by Bond with a hook up at the end. Unless you consider M a Bond girl.The focus of the movie is M. Judi Dench was always too provincial looking for MI6. The only good thing about this movie is that Ralph Fiennes is replacing her. Finally. There was no need to dedicate a whole movie to her farewell. Daniel Craig is just so haggard he looks worse than the villain. It's time to replace him with someone younger and handsomer. Baffled by the good reviews. Be warned we are being short changed.Like thousands of others I am a Bond fan and although we all have differing views on what Bond should be, we all expect a good Bond movie to be an escape from our day to day lives. A glamorous life full of suspense and intrigue. Skyfall has no suspense, intrigue or glamour (save for Berenice) and as such is not escapism and not a 'Bond film'. Casino Royale was a Bond film and a very good one at that, so this mess isn't Craig's fault.Like others I also saw terrible sets especially Skyfall Lodge which looked like something from a sixties TV series, crossroads or it's a knockout!Also I noticed clear as day Craig's stuntman on several occasions, completely ruining for me the roof top motorbike chase. Continuity errors all over the place not worthy of a Bond film from any era.Q was miscast and his specs were embarrassing, all wrong wrong wrong.The new Moneypenny should never sleep with Bond and Naomie Harris cannot act to save herself.Berenice Marlohe is amazing, an incredible actress and totally stunning. My one point out of ten is all for her!Another weird thing about this Bond.....nobody mentions 'Britain' only 'England' - is this a future proofed Bond ready for Scottish independence?! England is mentioned several time but not Britain anymore even though we saw union jacks but no George flag. A small point to some but a major puzzle to some, what is this all about?Never ever did I have all these concerns watching a Bourne movie or even the brilliant TV series Homeland, in these productions you never stop to think 'this isn't real' because it is all done so well that you just get wrapped up in it all. Not so this film for me, so so many errors that I couldn't wait to get out of the cinema. Above all this film bored me and depressed me, something I have never said about any Bond film before, not even Q of Solace.The real puzzle for me is who likes it? My straw poll of 11 people has brought up 8 who disliked it and felt tricked, with the rest not bothered either way so how come all the hype? How come all the glowing professional reviews? It's almost 'the king has no clothes' situation isn't it? Or maybe all the pro UK stuff in our Olympic year of celebration has made everyone lose their objectiveness.Either way I have yet to meet anyone who thought this was a great movie.Let's be honest here, most Bond movies are tongue-in-cheek and pretty stupid and that's part of it's appeal. It's a fantasy world of beautiful women, gadgets, real stunts and cheesy one-liners but this so called "Real Bond" doesn't work for me. Were Pierce Brosnan, Roger Moore and Sean Connery cyborg robots? I must have missed something.Bond movies have their own style and special formula with the usual ingredients, similar to a Big Mac. In fact, others have made a very good living copying Bond, from Austin Powers, Johnny English, Spy Hard, Ispy and many more. But how do you copy this movie? It was like watching a straight-to-DVD Steven Seagal movie. Dare I even say worse than a Seagal movie.Now most 'professional' film critics will say this is the 'best Bond movie ever' so that they can kiss butt to get more free tickets and invites to premieres, none of them are going to be honest. So as an average movie goer who has to pay to see the film I expect my money's worth. This movie was like paying for a Big Mac but just getting the bun and nothing in the middle.Skyfall (or as I not-so-cleverly renamed it Skyfail) was boring from the beginning to the near end, only part I enjoyed was Bond in the very end. The cold and bleak landscape of Scotland was perfect for Bond. Unfortunately, the other characters at the end bored me. The baddie arrives in a military type helicopter with John Lee Hooker's Boom Boom blasted out from a speaker which was brilliant but where did he get it from? Surely they aren't available on ebay, are they? Most people will say they enjoyed the opening scene which in time they will probably realise was pretty awful and rather boring. An Audi slides on its side a few yards and somehow re-rights itself. With just a minor scratch on it, this is the 'action scene'. My teenager son causes more damage to his car on a Friday night. The Bikes even drive pass the same place twice which is unforgivable in any movie.The Bond girls in Casino Royale (Eva Green and Caterina Murino) were gorgeous by anyone's standards but since then the Bond girls have been rather rough looking.You don't get your money's worth in this movie nor do you see anything new. All you get is a director who thinks he knows best how to make a Bond movie and that the tried and tested formula is somehow wrong. We live in a tech world, the information age, but somehow Bond who has always been ahead in the tech department has now been left behind. He seems more interested in drinking and gambling than saving the world with a toaster that can turn into a 'Little Nellie'Oh, how i miss you 007!As a child, growing up with Bond I had the toys, The sleek silver DB5 with the ejector seat and the white Lotus that was a necessity come bath time. What do the kids now have from Bond I wonder? Gambling chips? Or some video game which is more violent than the movie?It would have been nice to see a Bond movie on its 50th anniversary going all out with major action sequences as you would expect in an action movie such as Mission Impossible, Bourne or even a Terminator movie. Instead we are spoon fed a "Downton Abbey" version of Bond, we definitely had the cast all that was missing were the costumes.The cast: Daniel Craig and his potato-field-like face looked more like Bond in this movie than the previous two. Javier Bardem was a let down and looked like a 70s porn director. Judi Dench gets to swear again, somehow they think it's cool to have an acclaimed actor swearing. Ralph Fiennes thought this was a WWII movie, all that was missing was his German SS costume, Naomie Harris has no real input, she's just chucked in to the grinder to appeal to a wider audience. Berenice Marlohe was somehow weaved into the story to let Bond order a drink and have sex, Albert Finney plays a Scot as bad as I would, Ola Rapace gets his part thanks to his real life wife and Ben Whishaw tries hard to play a geek with the usual geeky stereotype but ends up releasing the villain from his fish tank. Believe it or not but Q used to be intelligent... that's how he got a job at the Military Intelligence Department.In my opinion, a Bond movie should look and feel like a... dare I say it,... a Bond movie. This was sadly a poor scripted, a poor acted and a poor attempt at making an action movie. In time this movie will go down as the worst Bond movie but right now the hype around it is causing a smoke screen. (That's how Bond saves M. Somehow the baddie shoots a few rounds at M and then out of nowhere decides to leave after going to all that trouble in finding her!). Albert Broccoli and Ian Fleming must be turning in their graves. It took 50 years for some sorry excuse of a director who thinks he's an artist of some sort to ruin it. Very sad time for Bond fans. A disappointment as a Bond movie or even a stand alone movie.I give it a 1 for the helicopter scene and thank you Mr Hooker for waking me up.Don't try to reinvent the Big Mac by taking the meat out of it.I have been a James Bond fan for years, but this movie was just badly bolted together. Why?1. How did Eve, who was chasing the train in the truck and barely keeping up, suddenly get two or three minutes ahead of the train in time to set up for when it emerged from the tunnel? The timing simply doesn't work. 2. M orders Eve to "take the shot" three times. Bond heard them, and Eve's complaint that the shot wasn't clean. So why didn't Bond simply drop to the roof of the car and let her have the shot? If she missed, he could easily resume his fight in the next tunnel. 3. Why didn't Eve take a second shot at the henchman on the roof of the train after she shot Bond? The henchman had enough time to turn to her and all but wave a 'thank you', yet she didn't bother. 4. Bond survives the fall from the train how exactly? He is on the roof of a train moving at approximately 40mph when he is shot, catapulted backward, and falls hundreds of feet into a river. Because he is unconscious, he can not enter the water at a safe angle, and should have been killed. As if this isn't bad enough, the unconscious Bond is then swept over a high waterfall. The title sequences explain nothing of his escape, and when they end, Bond is in a hut on the beach bedding some girl. Not explaining his survival is a critical error which borders on ludicrous, yet somehow the audience is meant to take it all seriously. 5. It is clear that Eve is a poor field agent. Later, Bond suggests that she simply doesn't belong in the field. However, this raises the question: how did she acquire field agent status to begin with? 6. Bond always attempts to keep collateral damage amongst civilians to a minimum, and protects the defenseless. However in this film, he allows the villains to do their dirty work before he intervenes. 7. To this Bond, as developed in the last two films, women quickly became anything but 'disposable pleasures'. The death of Vesper Lynd in Casino Royale was a terrific trauma; when Ms. Fields is killed in Quantum, he is again visibly angry. However, in Skyfall Bond not only makes no attempt to save Sévérine (not even attempting to fight the henchmen to provide a distraction until the backup he knows is en route arrives), but he shows absolutely no glimmer of distress over her death. In fact, his first response is a fast, and badly delivered, quip about it being a 'waste of good Scotch.' 8. Silva had tried to take his own life by a hydrogen cyanide pill. Instead of killing him, he merely felt a burning sensation and had most of his teeth and jaw fell off. Such 'suicide pills' kill; they do not merely give one a little heartburn and bad teeth. 9. What was the point of Silva setting up his own arrest? Ostensibly, it is so that he can talk to M one last time. But why not just travel to London, abduct M from the hearing, and talk to her before doing her in? 10. If Q was good enough to have invented the security on Silva's computer, how was it that he was unable to stop it from freeing Silva? 11. How did Silva know that within just a few seconds of the blast an empty train would be coming through to conveniently fall on and crush Bond, allowing him to escape? 12. The 1964 Aston Martin made its triumphant return in this film, but unfortunately it did so in a way that created continuity errors and glaring reboot issues. It is not a 'company car,' so it must be the same Aston Martin that Bond won from Dimitrios playing cards in Casino Royale. However, it has all of the Q-branch add-ons from Goldfinger If this had been Dimitrios' car, why did it have the Goldfinger configuration from Q Branch? This thoroughly wrecked the film's continuity with the reboot. 13. What was the purpose of taking M to Skyfall? In the film, it is openly suggested that the plan is a trap to catch Silva, with M serving as the bait. However, if it is a trap, one would expect Bond to create a scenario where they would have a significant advantage. It is poorly explained why he doesn't want backup (he depended on them for extraction from Silva's island); he also takes no weaponry with them. Instead, the unlikely trio is forced to create a "Home Alone" style defense of Skyfall which is doomed to failure before it even begins 14. Why did the monk's tunnel lead, not all the way to the chapel, but into the middle of the moor? A half-tunnel is barely worth the effort to build. 15. When M and Kincade enter the tunnel to leave the house, Kincade closes and locks the door from the other side. Yet, when Bond decides to leave, he has no difficulty simply opening the door. 16. Why would M and Kincade, while secretly fleeing the attack through the moor in the middle of the night, use a flashlight to illuminate their path? This could only be a dead giveaway of their position to Silva and his henchmen. Why not just pull out a Las Vegas-style neon sign and have M cry out from the moor: "Oh, Silva, come and get us!" 17. Silva's death scene was preposterous, and very nearly Monty Python-esque. Bond stabs Silva in mid-back with a blade; it would have severed the spinal cord, causing instant paralysis before death. Yet Silva bizarrely laughs and staggers toward Bond. 18. There were many continuity mistakes introduced into the film through sloppy editing (such as M's handbag in Mallory's office).Very badly done film.I saw skyfall today and found it to very boring and predictable.The movie theme was not like a bond movie at all but a typical revenge drama. Didn't the bond team learn anything from the quantum of solace?The movie was so predictable1. The guy would have planned his capture just to get inside the HQ.2. Bond cuts out a bullet (terminator style) from his body and they immediately narrow down 3 people in the world who use such bullets and first one on the computer screen is the culprit. Too luckily for MI6, the Americans already know that he is in Shanghai in next 2 days. Whoa!!!!3. That old puts a knife on the table and says sometimes old fashioned things work the best (and that time everyone knows that the bad guy would get the chop from the knife)4. 20 trained assassins with machine guns and a military helicopter cannot kill a old woman, and old man, and bond armed with 50 year old double barrel gun.5. Villains always waste time blabbering nonsense (like you need to relax and take a breath) when they capture bond ... Giving him to escape.Overall a very pointless and very bad movie which lives upto all the clichés of a bond movie making it highly predictable and boring.This is right up there with Mortal Kombat 2 and 2012 as the worst movies I've sat through in the theater. Nothing made sense and they insulted your intelligence time and time and time again.Spoilers Ahead.The first hour was actually pretty interesting - albeit bizarre. That Bond survived the fall without any explanation was odd but hey, I can live with one miracle resurrection - it's a Bond movie. The sequence in Shanghai was also pretty well done and the silhouette fight was great cinematography - but again - Bond lets the bad guy shoot his target? But who's the target? And if he wanted to trail him to know who he was working for - why would he kill him? But OK, he finds a clue and goes to Macau, where he redeems a chip that obviously isn't for him. So, instead of being interrogated by the Casino staff/thugs - a woman comes up to him and more or less gives up her boss, with her handlers a few feet away. What? OK so then there's an obligatory fight in a kimodo dragon pit, which is short but fun, and then off to Japan's battleship island to meet...possibly the most inconsistently motivated villain of all time.Silva's entrance is menacing, the story about the rats in the barrel is sinister, and he's flamboyant enough to say 'this guy creeps me out'. But he reveals nothing about his operation, and this is the start of where his motivation just dissolves.The first part of the movie is about an agent list and hurting MI6. We learn on the island that he was somehow hurt/betrayed by MI6 and that he wants to share his revenge with Bond, who also, in a very roundabout way, was also betrayed (said he was up to field service when he failed all the tests). Bond of course rejects this offer, and then after a brief fight, has an army come rescue him - because of a radio transmitter. Really? No one searched him before getting on the island? It was in his coat pocket! But OK, we're then learn that M gave Silva up to get some of her agents in return, which really upset Silva. So Silva breaks out of prison in one of the most ludicrous scenes imaginable, and this is where it all starts to go pear shaped.Silva reverse hacks MI6, and he wanted to get captured. Ultimately, he breaks out with armed guards surrounding him with no explanation how that happened. Then he goes through the tunnels of London...to arrive at a tube station with some handguns, and eventually crash a parliamentary meeting and shoot M in the face. But wait - he clearly had a bomb - he blew up a tube line. OK, he wanted her death to be up close and personal. Why not back at MI6? He clearly didn't need to be captured by MI6 to get to the station, and he'd proved earlier that he could hack their most secure networks and gain access. Why not walk right through the front door and put a bullet in her face? But then Bond saves the day and they go off to the Scottish highlands (a nod to Connery being a Scot) to hide/lay a trap. Except - MI6 knows where he's going. Why isn't there an army waiting for Silva when he gets there? Oh but wait, the motivation changes continue! During the house fight scene, Silva's henchmen (and there's NO explanation as to where these guys come from) shoot at M, even hitting her. So, she's either not supposed to be taken alive or Silva's men are idiots. But it gets better! Silva then shows up IN A HELICOPTER. Why? To blow up the house with a 20mm cannon! So, when Silva had ample opportunity to use a bomb, he didn't - he wanted her to know it was him who killed her. Now, he's spraying a house with cannon fire with no idea who or what he's shooting at. So now his motivation is he wants her dead at all costs. In that case, why not bring a few RPGs? or a missile? After all, they did just commandeer a MILITARY HELICOPTER! Of course, Bond survives the house being turned into swiss cheese, blows it up with two sticks of dynamite and compressed propane, and then runs off into the wilderness to save M - but before he does, he gets into one last night and plunges into FROZEN WATER, has a fight underwater for what seemed like a few minutes, then somehow gets out of the water, shrugs off hypothermia with again, NO EXPLANATION, to find Silva confronting M.By now, Silva wants M to help him commit suicide. WHAT? Since when did he have a death wish? Why? Cause he tried to kill himself when he was being tortured and it failed? What's his motivation? Didn't he just try to turn her into Ragu with a 20mm cannon not 10 minutes earlier? Now he wants to die by her hands? And we're supposed to believe this? No. Sorry, but I can only have my intelligence insulted so often. Bond surviving death multiple times with no explanation is insulting. Having Silva's motivation change THREE TIMES is insulting. Having MI6 look like the Keystone Cops is insulting. Foreshadowing EVERY SINGLE TWIST/ELEMENT is insulting. Please, if you don't want your intelligence insulted, DO NOT see this movie.This film effectively kills off the character we all know and love. The plot is shot full of holes, the villain a camp idiot, no Bond girls to speak of, unless sex slaves are your thing (truly vile of Craig not to have objected to that storyline), pointless and seriously unfunny dialogue, unriveting action scenes most of which we've seen done better elsewhere, and telegraphing of practically every prop placement. Oh, wait, there's more: an awful and forgettable Bond film song sung by that large, breathy lady who fudges the top notes and has merely rehashed Goldfinger. And a limp ending. To be fair I liked the opening credits (minus the song) and I thought Bérénice Marlohe acted well, and Ralph Fiennes enunciates well. The shots of London were OK and the skyscraper neon dazzled - even if the plot at that point fell apart faster than the shot glass. I wanted to like this film. I wanted to give the mumbling Craig one last chance, but he just isn't Bond, so what do they do? They write a blancmange Bond so Craig will fit right in. Meanwhile we are left holding ticket stubs asking what was THAT all about? It was about a lot of things that had nothing to do with our James. Almost everything that kept the franchise going for 50 years has been interfered or radically dispensed with on purpose! No gadgets, no credible Bond car (they destroy the iconic one - unsubtle flagging of what they are doing to our Bond?). Moneypenny is now black and totes a gun (I kid you not - how do they explain away her colour? But worse, she is (it's all so wrong!) attractive and (sob) beds Bond - words fail.) Dench's M is, as usual, flat and unconvincing but at least she's out of the next films - a good career move, one that Craig should take. Q is a horrible little boy you can't possibly believe a hacker even if you accept the stupidity of casting Q as one...and with big black glasses? Come on...Maybe Bond should always stay in the 60s, 70s. I mean you don't update Hercule Poirot and have him ponce about in the 21st century. I think they should just stop the Bond farce right now. It can and will only get worse.Agreed, this movie missed the mark....again! I just don't understand how you can screw up a Bond film, especially when you have 20+ others to go off of. This movie shouldn't even be called a Bond film...but instead, it's a Daniel Craig action film, absent the basic ingredient that has made the Bond Character an enormous franchise over the past 50 years..."An International Man of Mystery".If you can't walk out of a Bond film saying: Every man wants to be him, and every woman want to be with him...then take the Bond label off of the movie and call it something else! This film lacks all of the traditional ingredients that make Bond, 007: It doesn't have witty one liners, it barely had any Bond theme music or sound snippets, it doesn't depict 007 as a womanizer, it doesn't have any cool Super Spy Gadgets, and it doesn't even show the cold open animated graphic of 007 walking in to the screen (through the Gun Barrel of his enemy), turning, and shooting, etc, etc...Barbara Broccoli, I once watched an interview where you noted that you're father did not want the Bond Franchise sold to any of the big studios, in fear that they would change the successful recipe that made Bond such a successful over the past 50 years. Well...at this stage, after producing 3 Bond films in a row that resemble all of the other "Spy Want-a-be" movies out there, you might as well...because they couldn't possibly mess it up any more than you already have. I could go on and on, but this review is boring me almost as much as the movie did.1 Star! ...and that's being generous.This contains spoilers.I have never before wrote a comment on IMDb.com. But after seeing the high rating of this complete insult of a classic character called James Bond i had to say something. Let me start by saying this movie have taken plots from like 10 different movies. Involving Bourne, Batman, Die Hard, Swordfish, Charlie's Angels Mission Impossible and more. Stolen agents list villains getting caught intentionally and a bunch of other stuff you seen in so many movies. Its Bond in a midlife crisis with everyone doubting him.The Bond chick dies rather quick and seems terrified of the bad guy in this movie. Why? who knows. Never really no explanation there is no explanation to the bad guy Silva at all. He is just a bad ass former agent from M's days in Hong Kong who she sold out and is know out to get M. He has these super hacking skills which are not explained neither. He is just hacking the hell out of MI6. And of course a very obvious Moneypenny made an entrance and she is black not that its a problem it's just that it screams affirmative action I'm half black by the way. Then you have a washed up Bond?? When was Bond ever washed up ever? Crying over M who gave the clearance to take a shot with Bonds life at stake she didn't seem to care very much. You have a young Q coming in and say we don't use gadgets no more. The gadgets are a part of James Bond it spiced the movies. The movie all trough was a disaster it was bad from beginning to end. This was even worse then Quantum Solace. You know i wouldn't have mind the bad plot if i had gotten some comic release or some proper James Bond moments. There were none. Where are the sarcastic comments the witty comebacks to women at cocktail parties?? James Bond is truly dead after this. i remember the golden ages of Connery and Moore. One scene when Bond was caught by a women i recall and, she went i got you now mister Bond, Connery responded well enjoy yourself. Comments like that made me love Bond. There was never no super effects or nasty close combats. He was a spy with a gun who dressed act and looked as a gentleman. Not like this brute who runs around beating people like a Van Damme movie is very emotional and don't seem to be very good with the women at all. Which makes me think why does he get these women?? And oh lets not forget running around half the movie with his shirt off. Don't know how many looking in the mirror without a shirt on scenes this movie had.Anyways i hope they stop making Bond or first get a new Bond and a better plot.In a historic and artistic context, here's a question that would bother Spielberg if he thought about it for a second: what if there was no such thing as special effects? If we take the special effects from his movies, would they still be great? What, you're waiting for an answer? Just like every Spielberg movie, we find Steve desperately clinging to special effects like a fish to water. Like Bush to oil. Like Uwe Boll to a video game-to-movie conversion (last one is not necessarily bad, by the way).Just like everybody else, I was amazed by the "realism" of the first 5 minutes. Once you get past the battle scenes, there's not much to work with. I'm glad people (as manifest in the growing number of low reviews here) are starting to realize this.Let's set aside the absurdity of the "plot" (I use 'plot' very loosely). That's just a vehicle; a pretext; an excuse to use special effects (Spielberg's one and only leverage). The main plot is that a mother lost a number of her sons, so the general (or whatever his rank was) thinks she shouldn't lose her last remaining son, Ryan. He reads a letter Abraham Lincoln sent to a mother who went through a similar experience during the civil war. Using musical cues and closeups, Spielberg is not trying to tell us how to feel; he's practically *begging* us to do so. After all, he knows better than anybody that people will - during the course of the movie - realize that the battle scenes aren't that numerous or long, so there better be some story to back the movie up.Since he knows that he's addressing a crowd that made movies like Armageddon and Independence Day box office hits, he (correctly) realized that the script needs to be comprised of one element only: text. So long as the script contained text, it was good enough. And he was right. With enough flash and special effects, he was able to appeal to the idiocy of the average American, a tactic mastered by Jerry Bruckheimer, Michael Bay and their likes.Now, back to the 'plot': once you set it aside, you'll realize that this movie is trying to instill many ideas into the minds of the movie goers. When he shows German soldiers, he shows them from a distance, so by not giving them a face, a human side, he teaches us that it's totally OK to thrill at killing them. Bad German bad! After our heroes free a German, Spielberg makes is very clear that he came back later to kill Tom Hanks. Spielberg is saying: they should've killed him the first time. The only good German is a dead one, apparently. Astonishing dishonesty and malice on the part of Spielberg. Not a trick was a spared to demonize every single one of them.Unlike masters of movie making (a title Spielberg will never come close to) like Scorsese and Coppola, he desperately needs musical cues to tell when to feel sad, fearful, excited, etc. His approach to emotion is so utterly sappy, shallow and downright laughable that it's virtually impossible for him to let the scenes and the story speak for themselves. He must have very clear cues to give the viewers signals. The music is like a slap in the face. Spielberg manifests in moments like "tell me I lived a good life", grabs you by the throat and ORDERS you to shed a few tears. Insulting. Pathetic.The only good part in the movie is the whole scene of the mistaken identity, where they realize this whining little weakling crying his eyes out is not the Ryan they wanted. Other than that, and looking at the chutzpah of the musical cues, the absurdity of the plot, the dehumanization of the Germans and the hilarious warfare errors, the movie is only good for another laugh, albeit not one Spielberg was aiming for.Visually, the best WW2 movie. In other ways, far from the best. The movie is loaded with errors and falls into demonizing the German soldier and praising the American. A few examples, far from the reality the combat scenes show the Germans acting like cattle without ANY strategy at all they just run and shout, one funny part is the behavior of the German tankers, they drive in a ruined village in a VERY narrow street, like they have never heard of ambush! -One starts to think if the script writer has ever heard ofthe capabilities of the German panzer crews, SS-Captain Michael Wittmann attacked and destroyed 48 armored fighting vehicles alone in a single action! The most absurd part is the -"Macgyver/Rambo scene"-when Capt. Miller and friends start to throw the mortar grenades slaughtering a few dozen Germans. The most unforgivable error is that there were NO SS-units with Tiger tanks operational in Normandy at this point of time. This movie is way overestimated.So many people loved this film, that I actually rented the DVD to re-watch it. I had originally seen it in a movie theater, during its initial release, and I hated it. The second time was certainly not a charm. Possessing the knowledge of what was to come, made for an even more boring movie experience. This film's much talked about opening, lends nothing to the paltry narrative that is the rest of the film. The movie meanders about, aimlessly, for what seems an eternity, and almost nothing happens. When something does happen, it isn't anything that you haven't seen, done by the same old characters that you've seen before, in countless other (and better) WWII films. Even the dialog is old Hollywood corny. Then, after being about virtually nothing for hours, it ends with a hokey gimmick of the realization of who the old Vet is. Meant to tug at our heartstrings (nothing wrong with that); but only elicited a groan and a roll of the eyes from me. Tedious, with virtually no character development. Not Recommended.Saving Private Ryan, Spielberg's continued descent into narrow, arrogant, low-brow revisionism, is at best a languid patriotic trump-calling movie with nothing better to do than applaud the "glorious, morally superior American armed forces", who were in actuality nothing but teenage thugs who beat German prisoners and raped French women and looted European cities. He starts off with Kleenex totting bravery and then leads us into brutal images that have no other point than to entertain the violent video game minded geeks of American malls, he then regresses into heavy handed sentimentality that leads the viewer to conclude that Americans were all "good guys". This is not the case, history has shown us so. Americans, for all their good intentions in World War 2, were just as loathsome as the Nazis, they had a deep segregationist attitude in the States which killed people because of skin color, arrested and imprisoned innocent, hard working Japanese people and locked them in concentration camps, kept black soldiers in separate units which often were the lowliest positions, fire bombed non-tactical European cities, most notably Dresden, hired former Nazis to combat the "communist threat" and finally, dropped two atomic bombs upon an innocent Japanese civilian population. And after the war, things got even worse, the "Red Hunt", which resembled the trials in Nazi Germany in the 1930's occurred under a madman named McCarthy. So if you want to be blindly led by Spielberg's glorious war message that is simply propaganda, then by all means do and watch this film which has no redeeming qualities.It is truly amazing that people unaccustomed to great films should reveal this one to be the "best wars film ever" as if no capable director had ever attempted to bring the horror and stupidity of war to the screen. Perhaps, instead of giving Spielberg the automatic credit of creating the war genre, they should go out and rent "Come and See" (Russian), The Burmese Harp (1967), Fires on the Plain (1959) or Paths of Glory (1957), truly far superior films to this Hollywood-bastardization and candy treatment of war. There is absolutely no plot in this uneven film and the whole landing at D-Day, according to Spielberg, was in some way just a side show to saving "Private Ryan". With such a simplistic statement, it is easy to see why most reviewers revel in the sense that 'action, action, action' is equated with 'greatness'. I only guess that because they must be entertained that directors continue to keep punching out such opportunistic filth. While most viewers, who are safely tucked away in their houses, waving American flags and discharging a few tears, saying, "You German scum! You German scum!" can truly appreciate blood and guts as "cinema" then there is a market for it. After you get through the puerile premise, then you can sit back, have a few beers and watch heads explode in the carnage that has no intellectual meaning and is the most cliché-driven rubbish that has ever been produced. The scenes themselves are overdrawn, stolen from previous war films from the 1950's, namely the Longest Day (1962) which was a great film in itself. The beach landing is too long, and it shows only the Americans as "heroic" while the Germans are seen as "evil Hun scum". Tom Hanks, in his most idiotic and candid self, seems out of place as a leader of a bunch of rejects that are entrusted to save Private Ryan and in one completely absurd scene, the remaining 15 Americans defeat a battle hardened, superiorly trained SS special unit group with just a few guns. Now, if you know anything about history, then you would know that the SS were not an "easy group" to defeat, they were some of the most fanatical and well-trained soldiers of the German Reich but since Spielberg thinks we all are just a bunch of idiots, he'll continue to manufacture such inconsistent story lines. This is only a tear jerker movie and it does nothing else, I would suggest watching "Hell Is for Heroes" (1962) with Steve McQueen, because it is a lot better and we don't have to be forced to carry an American flag at the end.I was hoping for an accurate war film for a change (take a look at the Battle of the Bulge for a really bad example). What Spielberg shows us in his Omaha Beach scenes makes me wonderwhich Omaha Beach assault he is trying to portray. Those who know little about the battle (that's almost everyone who's in the theater) probably now have the idea that every other soldier who landed on the beach before noon was either blown to smithereens or badly wounded.Believe me, the 1st and 29th Divisions would have been annihilated if itwere as bad as it's portrayed and would never have been able to scale the cliffs and rout the enemy by early afternoon, which they did. I wonder, for example, how wide most viewers think Omaha beach actually was. In the film it looks about a couple hundred yards. It was, in actuality, almost ten miles wide. The timing was also inaccurate - Hanks goes up the cliffs at what appears to be 8AM. Nobody made it before 11AM. Another historical error is the implication that the events at Omaha were similar to those on the other four assualt beaches (Juno, Sword, Gold and Utah). That's totally incorrect. Utah Beach, for example, the other US assault beach, took about a dozen casualties - many of those due to accidents during the landing rather than from enemy action. But the worst part of the movie was the completely idiotic script. Here we have the US Army sending a squad(a squad!!!) to march straight thru the entire German 7th Army (something two Divisions, with total air superiority couldn't do for weeks), waltz around an area of 300 square miles, and expect to find a guy named Ryan. If they wanted to do any of this nonsense, the Army would have sent them in on the gliders that flew into the area the very next morning. "Gliders, what gliders"?  said Spielberg. That's what happens when you have a scriptwriter who doesn't know very much about his subject.  A stupid, stupid film. What a waste of $100M or so.The problem with Saving Pvt Ryan is that is is basically afraudulent portrayal of the Omaha Beach landings. Every single detail may, for all I know, be authentic for the group portrayed, which I assume was Goranson's Company C, 2nd Rangers. But that company, with one notable exception, experienced the worst that Omaha Beachdealt to the assault troops during the hours 0630-0800. Thus you get an extremely biased view of the typical experience of those landing at Omaha. For example, the entire 5th Ranger Battalion (Col Schneider) (6 companies) landed at 0740 with a cost of only 4 wounded.  It all depended on where your landing craft touched down (or allowed it to touch down - Col Schneider was supposed to land right where Hanks was , Dog Green, but had the sense to order the craft eastward), and Capt Hanks landedat the very worst spot on the entire 4 mile long landing area. And troops walked up the slopes, they didn't crawl up, inch by inch, etc. Nor where they under murderous fire ascending the slopes - very few casualties were taken during those actions. Total casualty rate for the first 14,000 or so troops that landed in the first assault waves (0630-0800)was not much over 10%, far different from what you see portrayed in Ryan. If you want to learn the history of Omaha Beach read the US Army after action reports or go the US Army Historical site. Don't bother with this movie or Ambrose's nonsensical book or The Longest Day. They are for made for entertainment purposes and only mention the disasters,etc. Beside, Ambose has been known as a plagiarist and creater of non-existent eyewitnesses.( It's worth noting that he was hired by Spielberg to "authenticate" the scenes. He's a very poor historian and not very knowledgeable about WWII. I found tons of errors in his books about D Day and Citizen Soldiers). Anyone who sees Pvt  Ryan comes away with zero knowledge of Operation Neptune at Omaha Beach. After the beach scenes,the rest of the story can be summed up in a single phrase : "Call the 101st on the radio, and tell them to pull Ryan from the line." That's all that the Army would have had to do to save Ryan.Sending a squad thru enemy lines to search a 100 square mile area for a guy named Ryan, while fighting is occurring every 100 yards is about the most preposterous idea for a story I ever heard of. But then, that's Spielberg. Anything to get the customer excited. No matter how realistic the scenes may be (I wonder about why those Rangers are moving against a prepared position all bunched together - they would never have done that ) the total picture provided the viewer is totally unrealistic. One comes away from the movies knowing practically zilch about Omaha Beach. That's a damn shame. It was an interesting story, although nowhere near as gory as Spielberg's fantasy portrait, as is obvious from the casualties taken (approximately 2000 for the 24 hours of D Day by Forces "O" and "B" (60,000 troops)).This movie serves two purposes: a) glorify the American soldier from World War II and the American nation in general and b) help Mr. Spielberg overcome his own neurosis about being Jewish, a task he started with "Schindler's List." That probably makes him the envy of anyone who ever saw a psychologist: to get paid for spreading out your psyche instead of having to pay for it.The first 20 minutes of this movie are amazing, indeed. Very well captured is the sheer horror of landing on a fortified beach; the disorientation, the killing etc. But after that, this movie drops on the level of "Armageddon": a mother has a number of sons, all of them died during the war, except one and the US military surely puts the life of half a dozen soldiers into peril to save that last one. Of course, that is completely logical.
The German soldiers, in the contrary, don't seem to have mothers or anyone who cares about them, they are ugly, lean-mean-killing machines, shouting incomprehensible things and should be killed wherever possible. They are also not just as scared as any other simple soldier on a battle field, they don't have any feelings at all. So, what could have been a great movie, with all the money spent for and stars on it, playing in the same league as "All quiet on the Western Front" gets to be completely pathetic, unrealistic, super-patriotic and one-sided. Steven Spielberg once said that he often didn't feel he was a "real" American and was left-out because of him being Jewish and that the past of his family haunts him. It is ok to feel that way and I wish him he will finally get rid of both feelings. But on the other hand he also was left out of getting an "Oscar" until "Schindler's List." That was a well done movie, but on the long run it seems it didn't do Spielberg too good. Somewhere he must have come to the conclusion that doing movies about WWII helps him overcome his problems and making them patriotic will help him getting an Oscar.If you are interested in a realistic look on war, watch "All quiet on the Western Front" or "Das Boot."This is one of the single worst films I have ever seen.  Spielberg was, once again, intoxicated by his own sense of patriotic splendour. The first major flaw in this film struck me the first time I saw it.  I was in the theater and began to ask myself, "How could Ryan remember the D-Day invasion when in fact he was never there?"Now, honestly, how did Spielberg expect to get away with that one? It was never explained or followed up in any way. Secondly, how did he expect to get away with portraying the Germans as mindless, blood-thirsty grunts?  "Well they were, weren't they?" says the blindly patriotic american.  This aspect of the film is a disgrace to Germans and more importantly to the brain-washed americans. Finally, I would just like to point out the fact that this was not a war to rescue individual men in order to preserve their family line. This film makes a mockery of WWII by completely misrepresenting it.  The only aspect that was accurately portrayed was the violence, which sadly enough drew many people to the film. Two thumbs down!The more I think about this film and read differing reviews about it the more I feel it wasn't meant for me. I'm a Finn, not American. I don't know if Spielberg meant this film as a last hoorah for the G.I.:s, but to me that is what he made. All right the film does have something to tell for everyone: in the insane theatre of war one should try to do the right thing, have courage to do it, that your actions have consequences, war as a whole creates nothing but bad feelings and probably something else too but nothing that has not been told earlier.And I suppose that isn't so bad, I mean there have certainly been worse films. But what does bother me is that Spielberg set out to do a film about what war is really like and to me, he failed. Yes I have seen the opening scene and to me it was more about exploitation and action film then about anything else and not even very memorable action. Even if one would skip all the omissions and strange things about the film (in the landing scene no naval artillery support, no air force support and the illogical German tactics in the final battlescenes) to me the main plot is a strange curiosity that only serves to illustrate that the average soldier wasn't that interesting or important. Apparently with some links to reality the main plot remains distant and odd to me.With Oscar, block-buster, critically acclaimed material as ww2 with all the gore how could Spielberg go wrong? First of all the acting. Well I could not stop wishing there would have been some lesser known actors used, maybe even amateurs. A lot has been made out of the cinematography and yes, it is good. Although to me it is not so effective when there is apparently too much money to make a film and then the camera work tries to make it look more realistic. As ww2 films go this film is a far cry from "Come and See". Yes I do admit that flag waving is a common problem among ww2 movies, I just wished that Spielberg could have avoided it."  SAVING PRIVATE RYAN   "I thought that this Movie was going to be a masterpiece. Topping those great Anti-War films of "Apocalypse Now" "The Boat" and "All quiet on the Western Front"But alas!  What am I to expect from America?  The Truth? NEVER!Yet another great, expensive war film, where the Germans fight like Italians,  TOTALLY arrogant to anyone else.  I mean HONESTLY an American flag at the start and at the end.  Showing the American and French flags.  The ENGLISH and CANADIANS DID land on Normandy too.  The only reference to anyone else is an insulting comment about Monty.The Germans may have suffered a bit more on the eastern front than the Americans in France, but that doesn't matter because they were on the wicked side.This is the kind of film simply made to win another Oscar for Speilbergs already crowded shelf.  Not a ground breacker, not a truthful film. NOT even historically correct!!1.  Radar was a TOTAL secret.  No American privates or captains would have ANY idea of what Radar was.2.  Germans, especially those of the SS, would NEVER be stupid enough to attack a ruined village with Tanks first. It was common military knowledge for both sides.3. The P-51 D mustang, which blows up the Tiger Tanks on the bridge,  were NEVER tank destroyers, they were only used as long range bomber escorts during the invasion.  The only Tank destroyers being employed at that time were BRITISH.  NOT AMERICAN. So of course the Americans would take out this imperfect feature.Frankly, if you're American, you can go get your gun an' feel patriotic once again, as you have done with "The dirty Dozen" "Where Eagles Dare". If you're not American, avoid this, and stick to "The Boat" for your WWII viewing.A real disappointment and a waste of time. I was real stupid and bought this movie on video just to see if it was as good as some newspapers said. The real humans in this movie seems as much as aliens as the aliens do. The acting was just OK, the story never really took off, the special effects was not as good as I had expected and it never became funny. I sat waiting for something that never came in this film.Boring, stupid and overrated. (1 out of 10)I do think that Will Smith and Tommy lee Jones are good actors but they definitely did this movie for the big pay check  The story was silly.The special effects were over done. I rented this movie on video  and turned it off half way through..one of my least favorite  movies of all time.I simply must disagree with John Ulmer. I found this movie to be basically a mindless morass of stunts and special effects barely joined together by a threadbare semblance of a plot. It's a real shame to see Tommy Lee Jones underselling himself again by appearing in this. 'Nuff said.Strike one for Will Smith (Strikes two, three, four, and five being WILD WILD WEST.) Okay, the premise isn't too hot, but it has a little potential. The actors are gold, and the director is good, but the movie falls flat on it's face. The jokes fail miserably, and thus the film goes down in flames. Will Smith has awful lines, and Tommy's deadpan doesn't work. The non-cgi effects are good, but this movie sports some of the most god-awful computer imagery in major motion picture history. The lack-luster premise, the dull performances, the poor sfx, the misfired jokes (BLANKMAN at least made me laugh at one point, this movie did not) and the unusual directing style meld together to make a big pile of c**p. Someone call Will Smith's agent, and someone get a pooper-scooper. This cinematic abomination is without a doubt the most overrated movie of all time. It would have failed at the box office had it not had Will Smith's name on it.Yet another movie that sounds far better than it is. This movie wastes both the talents of the cast and the viewers time. I don't know what Barry Sonnenfeld was thinking but it didn't come out on film. There wasn't a laugh to be found, and the action was so cartoonish that even the people who decry any violence in the media would have a hard time moaning about what was here. A very big stinkbomb of a movie. Too bad I can't rate lower than a one.This has to be one of the worst pieces of garbage I have ever seen.  I find it insulting that someone would actually consider this "sci-fi."
Terrible story with bad acting, bad dialog, and bad directing.  This movie is WAAAAYYYYY over rated.  The only reason it did so well at the box office is because people wanted to know what it was all about.   Call me psychic but somehow I just knew Men in Black 2 would be a bomb!  Just like I predict Charlies Angels 2 will be a bomb.**Potential Spoiler**What was up with the cockroach thing?  Did that make sense to anyone?  A dead guy being guided by alien cockroaches, puleeeze.  Not to mention he gains 50 times more mass than the body could hold after becoming super cockroach at the end.Just an all around terrible piece of garbage that I recommend everyone avoid.This has to be one of the worst movies ever.The actors talents are wasted in this film.The special effects aren't bad,but the plot was hopeless.All i have to say is don't watch this movie, even if you feel bored.After Men in Black - there can only be made better films. Movies aren't about special effects or about publicity.This film had a vaudevillian,somehow tedious yet raucous mindlessness to it so powerful,that even though the sound was up to about 90 db's in the theatre,I still managed to catch some much needed shut-eye.Because of all the ensuing buzz surrounding this film,I thought it only fair to give it another crack at a 2nd run theatre,and lo and behold,it still sucked.The broad,techno-slapstick stuff runs so empty,at least it reminded me to go get my free refill of pop up at the snack counter.I think maybe the bottom line is that Barry Sonnenfeld isn't funny,and that the film is aimed at the 7-15 year old market.Sorry.A boy of interest was coming over and this was one of the first things that came up when i clicked on Action/adventure on Netflix, I decided this would be a good one considering most people think it's an oldie but a goodie... WRONG!!!!!!!!! It was the most awkward beginning to anything EVER the intro feels like it's an hour long of just following a bug around random places.. not ideal for the first "hangout" with a person of interest. This movie made my experience in the beginning a very awkward occasion and I am not pleased. Thank you and goodbye I hope you netflix and chillers learn from my experienceI've never written a review before, but this movie angered me so much I felt it's my civic duty to protest.The movie is so full of clichés and unrealistic it's unbelievable it was made by adults. Apparently, we're supposed to derive some kind of psychological gratification from the Freudian symbols of innocence, fatherly love, superhuman strength and righteousness. It actually reminds me of the fantasies I had when I was 8.Here's the plot: a rich, spoiled American virgin girl goes to Paris with a friend and gets abducted by Albanians and sold into sex slavery. Luckily, her daddy happens to be a ex-CIA agent and tracks them down effortlessly, kills and tortures them in a blood-curdling fashion and gets to his daughter just before she gets her throat slit by the evil (yet also stupid looking so you can still feel good about yourself), toad-like sheik. On his way, daddy makes a such a spectacle of killing and torturing people that it makes you wonder whether anyone would take so much trouble if no third party was watching. He doesn't even spare people who are innocent and are unlucky enough to get in his way. Like the wife of a French agent involved in the mess, whom Neeson shoots in the arm, because her husband refuses to give him information on St-Claire. (Meanwhile, their kids have been tucked into bed 5 minutes ago yet they don't seem to wake up. Yep, totally.)All the circumstances are miraculously in Neeson's favor. His daughter is talking to him on the phone when she gets abducted. (otherwise, how would he know? Most victims of sex slavery are poor East European girls who don't have cell-phones, which would be too boring). Also, she's standing in the bathroom from where she can see her friend being abducted first, so daddy has enough time to instruct her how to hide and to shout out the details of their complexion while being dragged away (at which she miraculously succeeds, despite her panic and the struggle she puts up).Also, multiple men can apparently easily get into a hotel room and abduct two girls, but Neeson has to use Spiderman skills to get inside. Well, thank God the bas relief of the wall was adjusted to his height exactly; otherwise, the movie would have ended there.Another point that disturbed me very much is Neeson indifference to the scores of other girls who have been drugged and raped by Albanians. Apparently, the PRINCIPLE of sex slavery doesn't concern him, just the fact that it happens to HIS daughter.In the end, Neeson returns with his daughter to America, with only a broken arm after fighting hundreds of heavily-armed men. Also, he has no trouble leaving France after killing each and every one of them. (France must be a Third World country). Everyone is happy and his ex-wife has to admit he's not such a loser after all. Every Freudian fascination has been satisfied trice over.This movie does absolutely no justice to Eastern Europeans (all Albanians are shown as stupid scum and we're supposed to gloat seeing them being electrocuted), and above all, the REAL victims of modern sex slavery. I could write a lot more about this piece of garbage but I think I've made my point now. Thank you for your attention.To save you the time in either watching this film or reading my critique of it, here is a brief summary: This film is the worst film I have ever seen. This film is atrocious. This film is so unbelievably awful that all the writers, directors, producers and cast that worked on it should be sent to the Hague and tried for crimes against humanity.In the first chapter of this film, three facts are established:1. There exists a man. He's pretty tough. 2. He loves his daughter very much. 3. Aforementioned daughter is going to Paris.In order to establish these three facts, which any competent writer or director could do in about ten minutes, the film takes over half an hour, quite possibly the most laborious half an hour in cinematic history.As soon as the daughter reaches Paris, she is of course kidnapped. Literally AS SOON. So there is a sudden escalation in pace that doesn't leave the watcher thinking "WOW, I didn't see that coming" or "Wo, what a skillful escalation in pace" but simply "OH Jesus Christ SAVIOUR OF THE WORLD THANK GOD THAT SOMETHING FINALLY HAPPENED!" This sudden plot "twist" of course makes the liberal mother and fat, short stereotypically wealthy stepfather look villainous and the absurdly-paranoid-to-the-degree-that-he-should-seek-professional-help father, who believes his daughter is safer in Los Angeles than Paris, becomes the all-knowing hero.And of course the CIA can detect from a tiny and poor-quality voice sample the hometown of any speaker. So we learn that the daughter has been kidnapped by an Albanian gang who intend to sell her into sex slavery. This is of course the point where the film ceases to be just bad and becomes outright immoral: people trafficking with the intent of prostitution is a real and tangible problem in Europe and indeed all over the world (if you want to see an actually worthy film that deals with the issue I suggest "Eastern Promises", "Dirty Pretty Things" or "Spare Parts"). Making it the subject of a Hollywood action film in which the American hero overcomes all the odds to rescue his daughter is insulting to those women who have actually been in this situation. Particularly appalling is the scant disregard that our "hero" shows for the wellbeing of any of the other women. It left me questioning "is it supposed to be ironic? morally ambiguous? No, it's just a film that chose a very sensitive and inappropriate subject for a formula-produced action movie.As the film continues we are given more and more ridiculous scenes that insult our intelligence. One particularly stupid oversight comes when the hero walks into a brothel posing as a Parisian police officer and the villains show absolutely no suspicion of his being impostor, despite the fact that he talks exclusively in English.And the most ridiculously appalling scene comes at the very end. The girl is safe as she returns from Paris to Los Angeles. Finally, back in America, where everyone's safe! In spite of murdering and torturing so many people and shooting the wife of a leading Parisian police officer, our hero steps off the plane with absolutely no problems. Despite her best friend's death and a terrible ordeal, the girl is happy and shows no signs of trauma whatsoever. And in spite of the thousands of women who suffer in sex slavery every day of their lives, a plight which this film does absolutely nothing to enlighten the world on, we are made to believe this is a happy ending.This film is an insult to my continent and my intelligence, and a mockery of so many people who suffer in silence.But I'm European, so of course, I'm an evil people-trafficker n'all...I always root for the little guy, whether it is the character or the filmmaker. It's why I love independent film. It's why I applaud Charles Bronson and Bruce Willis and all the films where they stand up to some half-baked criminal scum. It's why I wanted to like TAKEN, this scrappy little picture that took on big money titles and thumped them at the box office.But TAKEN is a troubling case. As much as it pretends to be a "revenge" picture – and it is as predictable as the worst of them – TAKEN is a movie filled with dangerous, racist ideas. It makes troubling statements about America values, the exploitation of our fears, and the way we vilify sex but glorify violence. What does it say about us as a society that TAKEN, easily one of the most violently offensive movies I've viewed in years, became a box office sensation? Or that it remains so highly rated by IMDb users?Liam Neeson stars as an ex-CIA agent whose daughter is kidnapped by sex traders in France, now the most dangerous country in the European Union(?). He immediately vows to kill these scum; you've got to see his ridiculous negotiation scenes to believe it. And then he proceeds to follow through in a manner that would make Charles Bronson blush. He tracks hordes of these foreign devils down and breaks their necks or shoots them or guts them or chases them into oncoming traffic. He shows no mercy. He's so busy smashing skulls open twenty at a time, that he can't be bothered to rescue other teenage victims of the sex trade.Apparently only his daughter, a pony loving virgin (I kid you not), is worth saving. The rest of the kidnapped girls, dozens of them, are left in drug-induced stupors to be continually raped by bearded Albanians. Not only is TAKEN absolute rubbish, it is absolutely insulting to women, the French, and most intelligent life on this planet.I've never done this before, but shame on all you who found entertainment in this vile excuse for an action film. And shame on Liam Neeson for having participated in this misogynistic excuse for entertainment. It really is that bad, an externalization of the fear of the foreigner, written by Frenchman Luc Besson at a time when his country is attempting to outlaw Muslim attire.The fact that this movie received a PG-13 rating, despite scene after scene of violence and teenage rape is incomprehensible. Way to go, America.Middle-aged, frumpy, self-conscious but talented cookie-making woman is dumped by husband for a younger model. She is devastated. Luckily, her cookies are really good.By the end of the movie, she is head of her own international,cookie-making company. She looks fabulous after the make-over montage. Her ex wants her back.However, this can't happen because she has grown as a person plus she's with a rugged carpenter who makes beautiful furniture but he's rich because he owns a chain of stores selling ethically-sourced home furnishings."Taken" is basically the above but for middle-aged men. Bryan Mill's wife has left him for a millionaire. The millionaire can give Bryan's daughter Kim a much better birthday present than Bryan can. Bryan's ex-wife wants him to let Kim go to Paris. Bryan tells her it is too dangerous. Kim is kidnapped in Paris to be sold as a sex slave. Kim is a virgin. Luckily, Bryan is an ex-spy. He kills a lot of people and saves Kim just before she is about to be raped.By the end of the movie, his wife is eternally grateful because he has saved their daughter, something her rich husband couldn't do. Bryan was right about Paris . His ex-wife was wrong. She knows that now. Bryan is happy. Bryan is a hero.His daughter is eternally grateful. His daughter was wrong about Paris. Bryan was right. She knows that now. Plus she is still a virgin. Bryan is happy. Bryan is a hero.Bryan's daughter wants to be a pop singer. Bryan introduces her to a major pop star who will help make her dream come true. His daughter is eternally grateful. Plus she is still a virgin. Bryan is happy and right ( and everybody knows he was right and are very grateful to him )and a hero.I've always liked Liam Neeson in movies. But this one? I can't blame him for the script or direction or stunts. But I beg the question why Liam? He's far too old to be playing an action here but with the wig in place and a bit of plastic surgery on the face he passes for 60.The violence in the movie is unspeakable and we are asked to suspend disbelief over and over again. Even against machine guns and machetes. And Liam, all by his little old self kills 'em all. Every last one. And hangs off buildings to get into hotel rooms that every one else has easy access to.And he tortures readily, being ex-CIA. And drives in and out of impossible situations.Arabs and Albanians are all bad guys. Sex traffickers. Who speak English. As Liam does. To everyone. In Paris.And Liam only cares about his daughter and not the other unfortunate girls who are also trafficked. And she loses her best friend and is not traumatized one bit.And her Daddy leaves a trail of bodies and mayhem all through France and no one bats an eye and lets him return on a plane to LA which is far, far safer than Paris.I could go on but don't waste your time on this drivel.1 out of 10My wife and I enjoyed predicting exactly what the next scene would hold. Here is what we found most objectionable:A. The Hero can do absolutely everything. He needs no team and could destroy any army single-handedly, because:1. He never misses. 2. The enemy never hits, because they are Standard Issue Henchmen. 3. The enemy always comes at him one at a time, because the director must like 60s kung-fu movies. 4. The enemy security agents have no training.B. The Albanians don't question the fact that an Englishman with a reasonable facsimile of an American accent is shaking them down, with only a possible stolen business card to back his position.C. All the other dead people are just nameless-faceless ciphers to be deposed of by the Hero in pursuit of the only person that matters, the daughter. The movie has a supposedly nice happy ending, but there are several parents of dead abducted prostitutes morning their equally valuable daughters.D. Someone must have told Morel that Albanians don't send a shiver of repulsion down American spines, like they might do in Italy. Better add some dastardly A-rabs.E. Even French workmen won't line up to have sex with drugged out, track-marked prostitutes. There are plenty of those available in every European train station.F. Albanians aren't going to jeopardize a working business model, which has been going on for decades, of getting nice, reasonably educated and attractive Eastern European girls to work in the western Europe sex industry. Getting wealthy American and western European parents,, with possible high level connections, would be bad for business.G. Of course, Liam Neeson's daughter commands 500k, for some inexplicable reason.After finishing this "film" I was like, when you kick a man in the groin. I was making funny faces (not that I wasn't during the film) and felt really bad for myself and for Liam Neeson. I was thinking, where did he go wrong, from Oskar Schindler to this crap... Usually when I see a good film I'm full of questions about the plot, the characters and everything else. Well I'm full of questions right now, but for all the wrong reasons...First of all, WHY? Why is this film rated so highly? Where did humanity go wrong, if you get to the point where you find this kind of garbage even watchable...Please tell me, what did I miss, so I could go check myself out. Then, whats with the "terminator-superman" hero character, who can recognize a man by 3 seconds of voice sample from a few thousand miles away, and can kill the whole mafia and then leave without a notice to celebrate with his rescued daughter who's best friend was raped and killed only a few hours ago And I can continue on and on, but I won't do it, cause it will only make me more angry If it wasn't for my girlfriend, with whom I watched it, I would've stopped this crap after 15-20 minutes and watch something more watchable...like animal torture...-1/10 (shame on you Luc Besson, and all you liars who rate without thinking a little bit)After seeing the high IMDb rating of this film and reading some reviews, last night I watched this film with a friend of mine in the local theater.1- Well, I think this movie deserves a 3 or 4 tops. I cannot understand why some people compare it with Bourne or even James Bond. Here goes my one star to balance the rating!2- If you like a clichéd film, with a story as deep as a spoon of water with many plot holes, this movie is right for you!3- The reason why I gave this film one star instead of zero is that there are actually some good acting in the film. Also zero star is not an option on IMDb, YET!4- In case you are attracted to the movie because of the name of Luc Besson as the writer, I should warn you that he is not the same Luc Besson who wrote the masterpiece "Leon". He is another person after he apparently did a whole brain transplant a while ago! 5- Some say (actually I read it in one of the comments here) that Luc Besson wanted to fool the American audience and get away with the money! 6- What's up with that 17-year-old girl acting and running around like pre-elementary children all the time? 7- Why are the girls kidnapped just 10 minutes after they arrive in France? Why does the father find all bad people only one minute after he decides to chase them? You know, this kind of exaggeration ruins the film for me! 8- I expect that a spy (even a retired one) have some high-tech devices not just a SONY tape recorder and a walkie talkie! 9- In the scene when father is on the phone with her about-to-be-kidnapped daughter, Why doesn't he ask her to lock the door and call the police? yeah, I know. The French police probably doesn't care about the safety of an American girl. In fact they are probably busy helping out the Albanian gang that rule in Paris! 10- Why isn't the girl even a little bit sad about her friend who was raped and died? One friendly suggestion for those people who described the action scenes in this film as "jaw dropping": You may want to see a "jaw" doctor! OK, here ends my comment. Have a good day!Wow! Judging from the reviews on this site you would think "Taken" was this incredible, non-stop thrill ride, when AT BEST, it's a disappointing rental. Every aspect is far fetched beyond belief.The nasty ex-wife, the rich step father that gives the step daughter anything, who begs the lead for help after he realizes he was wrong,the naive daughter who is kidnapped 20 minutes after getting into the country. Then Liam Neeson springing into action and blowing up every and anything.Every step of the way this film never rises above cartoon status. Reading the comments on this site, I'm frightened for the future of man. Then again, "Mall Cop" was number one two weeks in a row, so I was already afraid.Taken. Sometimes you just wish that you had the power to press 'pause' in a movie and just tell the punters "Look...this is one of the worst movies of all time...it's trash and I'm going to show you why". Taken should NEVER have been made. Now for every reviewer that has liked Taken, let me assure you that you are wrong. Is it that every story has been told in cinema, that we must deal with the same old same old...over and over again?? There was NOTHING original in this film. Luc Besson has proved time and again that he can't write. This is his Citizen Kane! Taken is every action/thriller cliché thrown into one violent shambles. Neeson is a retired agent, who is suffering guilt at a wrecked marriage and at being a bad dad. Yawn. Famke Janssen is the ex-wife. She now is married to a dull rich guy. She rants that Liam was never there for her or the daughter. After spending five minutes with them, you know why! They are horrible! Liam can't compete for the love of his hideous daughter. He buys her a karaoke machine, cos she wants to be a singer! We never get to hear Maggie Grace sing...but then again, we never got to see her act either. New dad buys her a horse, which she rides around her party. Liam takes lots of photos on his throwaway product placement camera...to put in the photo album he keeps of daughters' birthdays. Oh Liam, just don't get all deep and tender and touch the photo...no...NO...he touches the photo!!! Then daughter wants to go to Paris. But really, she's doing all of Europe, following U2! Liam is concerned. The worlds a bad place...and U2 are a bad band! Daughter jets to Paris with airhead blonde girlfriend. They meet an ugly guy with cross eyes. The girls play music really loud and jump around and then the blonde is taken by Albanian human traffickers who were contacted by cross-eyed guy.The daughter phones dad. Then she's 'taken'! There is a fantastic clichéd funny scene as Liam jets to Paris. He holds the tape to his ear,listening to the kidnapper saying "Good luck". He pushes stop, rewind and listens again...and again. It is a side-splitting moment. Within 5 minutes of Taken, you just wish SOMEONE would whack the daughter! She is an acting vacuum and just really annoying. Aaannyway, Liam chases cross-eyed guy, who gets killed by a truck. He's lucky...he got out of this horror story early! Liam does some researching, hangs out in with an Albanian translator...then some hookers. The translator tells Liam that his daughter is at 'the construction site', which Liam finds immediately, because there is only one construction site in Paris! He doesn't find his daughter in the site brothel...but does find her hideous denim bedazzled jacket! He takes drugged girl, jacket and a gun and does some killing and car chasing. Then he saves the girl in his hotel room, with a drip full of stuff to get her over her 'Jones'. Methadone?? Liam is, if nothing else, very prepared for every situation! He starts doing lots of killing around this time. Lots! There is one hilarious scene where he challenges his bent French cop pal (who has just come home with a bread stick under his arm, because that's what French men do! Hahahaha) and Liam shoots the guys wife, then yells, "It's just a flesh wound!!!" as a way of chilling the French dude out! This whole movie is a flesh wound! To the brain. It is funny and it wants to be serious. It is stereotypical, racist, sexist and violent beyond need. Every character is a parody. Liam the conflicted father. The nasty bent French cop. The cold ex-wife. The innocent daughter. The nasty tattooed Albanians...all called Marco! HahahahaLiam eventually finds the daughter. She is being auctioned off. Maggie Grace tries on some method acting as if she is drugged. She fails. Maggie goes for half a million dollars! This is insanely overpriced. Now some of you 'reviewers' noted that this film is important for dealing with the topical horror of human trafficking. Umm...can we stop just there? Stop reading into this film! Stop trying to wring some deeper meaning from it. It is not deep or thought provoking. If you truly thought this was a deep, profound storyline, then you are an idiot. Say it with me "Idiot". There. Better? Good. OK...back to the 'plot'. Liam gets the daughter...then gets knocked out! Then we find him tied up over some piping above his head. How many times have you seen this scenario?? And right on cue, the pipe snaps, Liam really snaps...and he is off on some more killing! He searches through some rooms to find his daughter. He finds lots of other girls, chained to beds...but leaves them. He finds blonde girl, but she's dead. He doesn't seem too worried about this. Tough, is our Liam! Liam then steals a car and goes on a long car chase alongside a river, to get to a boat, with his daughter on board. The daughter is found on a boat, in the arms of a fat greasy guy (the head baddies are always fat and greasy) who looks like Jabba the Hutt! Liam kills him. He kills...everyone really. Then he is calmly allowed through international customs to jet on home with his daughter. No questions asked. Oh...and there is still time to pop around to the singer to drop the daughter off for her big break! How peachy! How anyone could find this film interesting, enjoyable or original is quite frankly, probably retarded. You should probably stop watching movies and at the very least, stop writing reviews praising such a clunker!This was the last time I watched a movie based on IMDb ratings. Seriously. If you are 15 years old , you may watch this pile of... otherwise... Acting sucks, gangsters are brainless idiots, plot is terrible. "Russian" language? Hollywood, can you at least once hire OK Russian-speaking people? Hellooo??!! Just "a few" notable moments:John Wick is a killer, ghost man, he can kill three man armed only with a pencil, but somehow manages to overlook a couple of brainless thugs hack into his house, lets them beat the crap out of himself, kill his dog and steal his car, wow...John Wick is so famous that even the policeman, the bartenders, the mafia, all the town knew him, but the son of a mafia boss for some reason did not even hear about him! John Wick is very skillful , he managed to do impossible task, he can head shot everyone in the dark, but then he somehow manages to miss five times in a row at Iosef, incredible...John Wick is a ruthless killer, he wants to kill everyone, but when he encounters a female assassin, he decides to leave her alive. How touching.Viggo, mafia boss, hires most professional killers and puts 4 million bounty on John's head, but when he captures him, he decides to play a little bit and leaves him with only two imbecile guards, seriously? If you have more than a couple of brain cells, do yourself a favor and do not waste time and money on this garbage.I know it is too late to warn you not to go see this movie. But still, I am writing this review to express my disappointment, and to say I have no idea why this movie can be rate 7+ here. There must be something wrong.I am a big fan of Keanu. And I do not mind action movie with simple plot, as long as it looks cool. Nevertheless, I was brought down big time. The plot is unbelievably ridiculous. It will leave you amazed, wondering if whether someone pro-read the script before they made it a movie. No twist, no surprise, no character development, nothing thrilling or exciting whatsoever. It is utter boredom. I felt intelligently insulted, to be honest. And the action does not look cool either. Seriously, if you expect something like, let's say, Taken, you will be massively disappointed. John Wick does not really fight. He shots randomly, move randomly, and grunts, and moans. Nothing else. Everything cool about him is what you heard the others say before the fighting starts.I hope this review can actually reach someone, and help to stop them from wasting their time watching this movie. I genuinely do.I thought this was one of the worst films of all-time. I only went to see it because it had an 8.3 rating on IMDb. Wow! It is still rated over 8.0 as we speak. Holy crapamole Batman! This film was boring, lacked ANY character depth, and wasn't amusing or visually interesting. I have literally never been so shocked at the poor quality of a movie script or character development.Wow. This is the worst film I've seen in many, many years. And I'll tell you, it boggles my mind that MOST of you found it enjoyable. Just boggles my fracking mind.And here is my tenth and final line so that I can post this review, which most people will dislike but a few random souls will agree with passionately.I do not know what a lot of you others are drinking before you watched this attempt at a film but I will not be imbibing, that's for sure. There are comments in some of the reviews here that this will be a new cult film, that it is the best action film of the year etc etc etc. Sorry but 'fail' is the only word that comes to mind. The gratuitous and total violence is just pathetic and I might say a serious low point in American culture. Keanu has returned! From what? He looks like a very sad has been actor forced to not act so that the film maker can get his rocks off on this masturbation or a movie. I hope that the directors and producers of this garbage are duly banned from ever making another attempt. Seriously people, if you liked this film then you need to seriously look in the mirror. I mean really! If the mirror don't crack then just be thankful. If I had to find just one redeeming factor I would be very hard pressed. OK - I liked the little dog. YUK!The guy's wife dies. His dog gets killed. He kills 100+ people and steals a dog from a shelter. Great plot, great acting, such a wonderful movie!One-dimensional story: check. One-dimensional characters: check. Terrible dialogue: check. Bad acting: check. Uninspired action scenes: check.I checked IMDb before watching this. People talking about how this is going to be a new cult classic or the revival of Keanu. WTF are you people on crack or something. It was terrible from start to finish! This movie is all about the action and even that feels completely generic and uninspired. The dialogue is just plain painful to watch. I actually felt shame for the people 'acting' on screen. The story...... what story? It's virtually non-existent. Every random person you find on the street can write something better than this.The only thing going for this movie is Keanu looks cool. Even when his acting sucks.this movie is a huge joke, i've never seen anything so ridiculous in my life, it's even worse than runnning scared, keanu goes around and kills everyone like he's god incarnate. i mean in the professional, at least jean reno kills them in a very believable fashion, except when he shoots the cops from the ceiling of the room. i mean in this movie, nothing is believable, 30% of the people get head shotted while moving, that's just retarded, and nobody can headshot john wick, nobody can even shoot him in the arm, hands, leg, or feet. in the beginning, they send a commando squad to his house, like 10 people, they are getting killed one by one or two by two. i mean that's so retarded, even if these guys don't know what they are up against, the fact that ten of them are ordered to kill one guy would tell them they are up against someone good. i mean john just kills them one by one and headshots them like its nothing, i mean i can just fire blindly while he's fighting 2 of my buddies and get at least a shot on him, then i'll just empty the clip into him or go in and empty it into his head. there's a scene where the boss leaves 2 goons to take care of john wick who was hand cuffed, after seeing like 50 of their fellow goons headshoted, you figure they wouldn't leave much to chance. but no, they decide to suffocate him to death with a plastic baggie!!! they hardly even tortured him before doing it. and they exposed themselves to open windows. I would've just put 3 shots into his head. john's friend violated the code by helping him when he said he's gonna kill him and he was ratted out by a female assassin, but that earned her death, wtf? what did she do wrong? john's friend violated the code, why can't he be ratted out? I don't even know why the directed bother to give the bad guys a chance, why don't they just bring back neo and keanu can just off them all with his mind and the movie will be 5 seconds long. oh by the way, keanu can't act, i can grab any random people on the street, and chances are they'll be at least as good.Gone are the days when you could trust the internet ratings on rotten-tomatoes, IMDb.. hell even Wikipedia entry is so wrong about its "reception and critical acclaim"..This is one of the worst movies ever. It's a shame.. IMDb ratings. Movies like these will keep coming out and rigged ratings will keep earning them money. Hollywood is losing it.. Do yourself a favor, and do not watch this garbage. The positive reviews on this website are so clearly made up by the possible stakeholders.. Maybe the producers nowadays are hiring marketing teams whose jobs are to make multiple IDs and post as much positive reviews and ratings on sites like these to fool the public.. and guess what it sells.. some of the positive reviews are so clearly typed by the same fingers.. it is a shame.Wow! This is one of the worst action movies of all times and I can't believe it has 7.2 rating as I write. Where do I even begin? No character development. - Awful script, you won't even remember one line after the movie. - Sloppy acting, no one in the movie is good. - No story. - Poor ending. - Environment, screenplay and visuals are also not that good. - Action sequences are barely tolerable.At the end, I would like to ask those who like this movie: what is wrong with you people? Have you not watched any half-decent movie recently? And to those aspiring to watch this movie, I won't say don't watch it. I'd say watch it and come back to IMDb and rate this movie - as a service to mankind.Cannot think of anything to redeem this movie. Fight scenes were boring with baddies unable to find their target at 3 feet. An expert as John Wick was supposed to be was unable to fight off 2 thugs and an idiot in his own house. He could shoot every other baddie but when it came to Iosef he kept missing. Why didn't he kill Ms Perkins? What was the significance of the gold coins, or was I too uninterested to catch what it was. Also Willem Dafoe was just a pointless addition, could have put anyone in that part who just wanted to collect a cheque for little contribution. Again Keanu fails to impress, and this was 100 minutes of my life I will not get back. Do yourself a big favour and give it a miss, really.A touch of reality is much-needed for those who of late have occupied themselves in tossing about bon-mots like "masterpiece" and "crime-epic". Perhaps never before have the expectations of rabid fanboys so completely bullied the critics into sheer lying. For lying it must be, since I refuse to believe that the critics did not see through this. It is just not possible. I feel that most of them simply cowed down before the staggering pre-release fanboy blitzkrieg, rather than provoke the inevitable backlash of acrimony from fans and thereby needlessly risk their careers. This is the only explanation I can conceive of as to why TDK has seemingly scored so well with the critics. I don't blame the critics, though. The blame lies in the fanboys' hysteria : their myopic refusal to see the obvious.I feel that Chris Nolan tried really really hard to make a good film, but ultimately even he with all his skill cant do much simply because of the limitations of the genre. If viewers truly want "more realism" as they say they do, then why turn to comics in the first place ?? Its just amazing how comic-book junkies pull the wool over their own eyes and deceive themselves into thinking that what they read is deep and sophisticated, when in fact (and there cannot be two opinions on this) reading comics beyond a certain age is a sign of neurotic behaviour. And before you shove it in my face that it is ME who is taking it too seriously, let me just say that this movie was nothing but lashes of violence : grim, sadistic violence. Once again, the so-called realism is simply a pretext for the usual action-movie gang-banging, i.e. violence and special effects. And its not even just because of the genre : Batman Begins rose above those limitations, right ? One could empathize with the young Bruce Wayne, tormented by his perceived culpability in his parents' murder, and struggling with his anger and loneliness. Not so in TDK : here there is neither plot nor motivation to speak of, and not a single character with whom one can even remotely identify. The acting, apart from one notable performance, is mediocre. To be fair, the film does take certain risks which I cant imagine the likes of, say, a Sam Raimi ever taking ; it isn't a McDonaldized blockbuster to the degree that the Spiderman films and the rest of the comic-book parade are. The problem is that those risks don't pay off : instead of an even progression of events that build up to a crescendo, what you get here is one absurdity after another until you are numb and it no longer matters who is doing what.I wonder if it is really so hard to tell the truth, even only to oneself. Apparently it is indeed SO difficult for all the fanboys to own up that the countless hours spent over the last several months, sitting up nights staring at their monitors and devouring every last bit of inconsequential trivia about TDK, have all amounted to a huge nothing. TDK is the prime example of how the advertising business works today, hyping up a product during pre-release to uncalled-for heights and ultimately forcing the gullible consumer to like the product against his better judgement. The marketing behind this film is very much THE phenomenal success story of this decade, and should serve as a de-facto case study for anyone who wants to understand just exactly how mob psychology works.EDIT : A more appropriate rating for this film is 4/10. But I so deeply despise Warner Bros. & the people lauding this film (i.e. everyone except me) that I must give it 1/10, just to balance things.I am deeply shocked. I am really shocked that this film made it all the way to the top. It's OK with me that it is a huge success at the box office. I can cope with it that many, many people do not have the same taste as me. Even though it is a little sad because I think this somewhat strange taste of the comic buffs will influence the movies in the future even more. There are interesting articles about the influence of the bloggers and hardcore fans on producers and directors. What really shocks me here is that many, many acclaimed critics fail to see how bad this movie is. They write about hidden stories, meanings and messages. The war in Iraq, the war against terrorism, a reflection of American society and so on. They write about hilarious performances of the actors. They write about stunning visual effects. Some of them may even write about the tremendous script. Fortunately so far I did not read anything about the scriptwriting. So I try to begin with that issue. Well, the script is so down, down, deep down below that I don't even know where I shall begin. I guess the guys who are more in the comic stuff will tell you that Jonathan Nolan really did a good job in adopting the stories and the mood of the comic books. But for me this is no reason to write a story that lacks everything and is so brain dead that I'm gasping for air. The plot is annoying and predictable. The characters are written really poorly. First of all Harvey Dent. His turning into a fallen Angel is so incredibly incredible. It may result from the way that the brains of the comic buffs work. 9 Pictures or less per page. I that time you can turn from a white hero into a black devil. But this is a movie. And no 9c trash book. To say it clear  and you may have noticed  I am no comic fan. But I like for instance Sin City very much. It is a very good adaptation into a now medium. And it is visually very interesting. Visuals. As I said Sin City is visually very interesting. The dark Knight is not. Totally not. Almost two decades before we saw TerminatorII. Oh my god, this was something new. And Two Face  Aaron Eckhart looked a little like the wrecked Arni back then. Don't get me wrong the make up apartment did a very good job. It is just so sad that we already saw it all before. (Just like the inspection of the new weapons Is this a scene of one of the Bond Movies?) Or take the Matrix (Part1) about one decade before. Visually the dark knight is not one tick better or more interesting. Maybe on the same level. Sin City was something new. The dark Knight shows us common techniques in a slightly higher perfection. The directing is average. Not outstanding. It must have been a logistic masterpiece, OK. But we have seen it before. The acting. I can't even say if the actors are bad. I think it is the story that is so poor. The Joker is good. Heath Ledger is good. Not brilliant or something like that. It is solid work. And he is the only character that is somewhat interesting and not full of pathetic crap. Well to draw the conclusion again. I can live with it that this movie is that successful at the box office. I can not live with the super high praising comments of professional critics. For action entertainment this movie is too long. At least one hour is simply annoying. (Again the writing.) So, who ever has some bucks left go see this movie and see what brain damaged means.How can a film like this be ever compared to a film like the godfather is laughable, i am a big comic book and superhero fan i particularly like this genre but i did not like the way this was handled whatsoever..the following points highlight my case why batman is nothing but a okay film.. 1- CONCEPTION AND CREATION everyone knows that one of the most exciting things about villains is there creation, and how they became they way they are, i believe the original batman films which Tim Burton directed handled this brilliantly, but look at Spiderman 2 which has a great villain. There was no flashback even to the creation of the joker character we must believe he has been there all along, as well as Two Face whos original coming of being i liked better in batman forever, not to say i like tommy lee Jones character portrayal any better than this 1.2-VIOLENCE this film had left a bitter taste after viewing i am a fan of violent films but it can be seen the way this was edited to ensure the upper catorgory of a pg-13 12a(uk) over here left the film looking a feeling like something was missing. Instead of showing the conseqeunce of for example a bullet in the head the camera would cut away leaving it for the audience imagination, another example of not showing violence and actually changing the tone of the film was robocop the R rated version when compared against the X rated version which seems lighter in tone.3-BATMAN now Batman played by Bale one of my favourite actors opted for a stupid gruff sounding voice which didn't work, also the suit castes were terrible and i mean truly bad, batmans suit made him look like a more well equipped navy seal or something, not the true mysticism that is batman which is lost in this film. There is no reference to bats whatsoever throughout the duration. Another letdown was the fight sequences which even though Bale did a lot himself did not look smooth, or good on the big screen.4-PLOT/PACINGthe plot has to many twists and turns and leaves some of the less cerebral most likely lost(not myself of course). The pacing is bad as there is one key action sequence in the middle of the film which did blow me away but the film never lived up to that particular sequence which is a shame, less morality and preachyness more ACTION! and on that note a spoiler which i do warn before hand, the ending i must say i disliked a lot, for lack of realism, depth and completion as it is left very much open of what happens to the joker character, my 2 cents please reply if you have maybe a differing opinion to mine, Spiderman 2 is one of the greatest comic book translations to films, as in the earlier batmans, (including returns) but this should never be uttered in the same sentence as a film like the Godfather, which i believe to be one of the greatest of all time, the greatest which i do believe is Once upon A time in America.The Dark Knight is not a good movie, by any measure. I will now proceed to provide reasons for this statement, in the process of which SPOILERS will abound.In this film Batman (The Batman, as the characters refer to him) possesses superpowers rivaled only by Superman: he bends gun barrels using his bare hand (yes, only one hand) and falls from ridiculous heights, not deploying his cape, and lands without as much as a scratch to his body. The Batman is apparently not aware that it is not the fall that kills you, it is the quick acceleration at the end, and no matter the quality of the Batsuit, that acceleration cannot be reduced.On the other hand, his kevlar Batsuit which, evidently, is impervious to bullets of small hand guns fired at close range, is unable to withstand dog bites.The Joker, whose obvious insanity is the only light of the movie, is well-played by Ledger who flares with his eyes and mouth to give him an almost rabid portrayal, but other than being a dark menace to society, his odd manners and, at one time, drag outfit, provide comedic relief in the film.Apart from being just a regular killing maniac, he also possesses superpowers of his own: in the film, he is depicted with an apparent and sporadic invisibility to police forces. That they do not notice his deformed face without make-up in their own ranks during a salute may be pardonable, but when blowing up an apparently unsurveilled hospital on prior warning and then leaving, in full make-up, in a school bus (his escape vehicle of choice, also from bank raids), his failed apprehension seems unpardonable. Unless, of course, all the cops had their lunch break, as the sun indicates it is around noon.The plot is so thin at times, you expect it to crack at any moment. It is like there are many small plots, in all of which Batman, the purported main character, plays but a small role. Whatever the Joker has been doing all his life, before going on a murder spree, is pardonable to omit, but when he breaks into Bruce Wayne's penthouse (probably using his cloaking capabilities), the same locale that a few scenes later will be referred to as "the safest place in town" by the same person who was tossed out a window during this same brief encounter, it is an interesting question just how the maniac and his armed gang are persuaded to leave the party full of Gotham's economic elite, something they must have done without causing much further harm as it goes largely unnoticed by the other characters.Batman speaks with a deathly voice, that is so ghoulish it could scare off any foe, would he just make more use of it against his enemies, and not blather like that to his friends. That he finally tracks the Joker down, is not due to any superior detective skills, as he gets good help from prying on all of Gotham's mobile phones that he immorally and secretly has replaced with his own brand, all in one night's work. More ridiculous plot element is hard to come by.Wow. Once again my faith in the rational persons ability to discriminate between depth and breadth, is verified, in that I have none.The film was long. Not deep. I think there is a misunderstanding. The film had the veneer of an epic film. It had all the right elements to be an epic comic-book adaptation to screen. Yet it faltered, mainly because everyone was so wrapped up in the idea of Ledger giving a career defining performance, they couldn't see past it. It's almost as if they accepted the brilliance of his performance before they entered the theatre, off of the back of the hype and the critics reviews, and all that was left was to actually watch it and be able to validate this belief.Disregarding Heath Ledgers untimely death, can you really say that he was a better Joker than Jack Nicholsons? I for one, cannot. Others have already said it; he had no back story. A character without a past and a motive - especially when they are a killer - is just not one that is appropriate to a story about good and evil. The things we like about villains is that we can relate to the reasons they do the things they do, whilst asking ourselves whether their reasons are justified. We get into a dialogue, and we ourselves get to decide who we side with - the good or the bad. This villain left me feeling flat and unfulfilled because he had no real motive, - making it impossible to choose which argument, good or bad, I sided with - and left me feeling like I was a voyeur, watching a guy kill loads of people.Everyone has been raving about the script, which I thought was plain dreadful at points. Others have raised the questions here. What was with his voice? He would make a great nursery nurse. The poignant moment on the boat when the sailor said something to the effect of "They haven't pushed the button yet, because we are still alive" was just plain embarrassing. The fact that Batman kept leaving in the middle of a conversation became irritating instead of cool and enigmatic. Why can't he just hear someone out. And at the end when batman runs home like Charlie, I was nearly dying in laughter. I could hear the music 'I've got a golden ticket'. There were other embarrassing script moments, but because the film was so bad, I can't even be bothered to mention them. The phone device for one was utter...The rhetoric of the characters in their oratorical moments was again, limp. It was as if the writer had started a sadistic, flowing evil speech, but had not had the tools with which to really elaborate. Because he had decided to keep the Jokers background exclusive, the speeches were neither funny or scary. They were punctured and lacked conviction.The fact that this is the number one movie is embarrassing. IMDb should take it off out of principle. If this wins an Oscar, I will never watch a Hollywood movie again.I'm very disappointed and this rating reflects my disappointment. It could have been so much better, easily. First, it's as if there's no obstacles the characters couldn't overcome by snapping their fingers. It's just too easy for the Joker and Batman to do all what they do. It seems the writers didn't want to be bothered by realism and it's one of the main reasons I didn't feel involved or excited at all. Batman pulls out technological rabbits out of his hat to move the plot forward - it's contrived and not entertaining. The Joker sets bombs anywhere he wants without facing any obstacles. His team of super terrorists can fill a whole hospital with explosives in a few minutes after it has been evacuated - or was it before? Anyway we don't see them setting up anything, everything is done off-screen and it goes into action without any kind of dramatic buildup. How did his gang do this or that? Doesn't matter cause there's an explosion coming soon. *YAWN* The Joker starts with a small gang but in only a few days or so it seems he builds a big organization capable of operating rapidly without flaws - a group we are told made up of many schizos and psychos from Arkham Asylum, as if they had all been released all of a sudden to join him and moreover in doing so became hyperobedient and hypercompetent robbers / explosive experts / terrorists / etc. Yeah. Right. As if running a criminal organization made up of Arkham inmates would be a piece of cake. It would have been so much more REALISTIC and ENTERTAINING to see the Joker having to deal with nutty and sometimes incompetent henchmen and we the viewers doubting whether or not he would succeed and yet pulling it off and laughing all the way up to the last confrontation. Instead he surfs on the action, survives all kinds of explosions and crashes and moves around as if Gotham City was butter and he a hot knife. *YAWN* Second, the style & editing of the movie was mediocre at best. You would think the Joker's first meeting with the mob would have something of a tension. Here we are introduced to Batman's no.1 enemy and he tells them they have to kill the Dark Knight. But the way it was shot the scene was cold, he simply goes in, makes a few enemies and leaves. And next The Joker invites himself to Bruce Wayne's party to kidnap Harvey Dent and he simply comes in, Voilà!, without facing any obstacles, there's no buildup, no dramatic crescendo, the pace stays the same, we get lots of quick shots, a constantly moving camera and even one or two 360 degrees around Joker and Rachel as if this was some kind of music video. There's nothing, no tension. And it went downhill from there, like a typical dumb action movie. Explosion, car chase, car chase, explosion, fight, car chase, explosion. Can't you guys come up with something original? And those action scenes aren't even well made. *YAWN* Why? After all you had an ace, The Joker, he should have had some cool crazy ideas to cause mayhem... but he didn't. He lacked the charisma that should be in such a character. Not that Ledger is bad but the character he plays has nothing special. He's cold, predictable and not funny. In Tim Burton's movie the man isn't just some psycho killer, you know early in the movie he's going to do his crimes with style and that he has surprises in his bag. He's a bit silly but you don't know what to expect from him - he's fun to watch. In TDK he neither has style nor surprises, HE JUST BLOWS THINGS UP WITH DETONATORS and he's not even having fun. Bbbooorrriiiinnnggg.I think a lot of people don't see all the big flaws of the movie because they like the characters and the themes. I like Batman, the lone vigilante fighting crime in his city and his struggle to retain his morality while confronting the worst criminals, I like Harvey Dent's character and the Joker trying to turn Dent into a madman like him to ruin his crusade against crime and I liked the Joker trying to corrupt the people of Gotham and turn them into murderers ...BUT THE MOVIE STINKS I really wanted TDK to be good, good at least like half of Batman Begins is, I wanted to leave the theater with a big smile on my face but I left the theater feeling cheated because I wanted to see a cool movie and I didn't, I saw a lame piece of crap. There was no climax, no great scenes, no drama, no tension, no substance, only over the top action scenes we have already seen elsewhere. This movie itself isn't a 1 out of 10 but I'm so disappointed by it that it deserves its 1It's hard to find what is wrong with a movie that seems so well crafted and put together. Well let's start by saying that the Dark Knight is very boring and messy.The plot is incoherent, with too many undeveloped subplots. The movie tries to be realistic but logic has no place anywhere. It tries to be dramatic but the drama is manufactured, out of place, and doesn't build up from anything. Lots of poor philosophical monologues going nowhere. The characters have nothing, nothing interesting about them. They're like puppets used to create some sort of politicised view of the world where everyone is miserable with no sense of humor, taking no pleasure from their actions whatever they are. And creating this dull vision of the world hidden behind a comic superhero, is what this movie is all about. All the rest comes as a consequence of this. Anything that happens has little or no effect. Batman is just as hollow as every one else. You could swap him with some other character and nothing would change. Action is just average. Random things happening out of nowhere, and no explanations is given on how they managed to do that. Some great effects here and there don't add much to the movie. I like violent movies but the violence in the DK is pretty much senseless as well as censored. Definitely not for young kids.The movie is not dark, is hollow. If you want a good dark movie then go to see the awesome 'The Crow'. You want to see a good batman movie then watch the Tim Burton's version. Flat with no substance, humor or soul, the Dark Knight doesn't leave you with any emotions whatsoever, no hope and not even hopelessness. Only a lame sense of depression.I saw this movie on a Monday afternoon in hopes of avoiding a long wait and big crowds at the theater. Good plan. It worked. The movie didn't. Many reviewers have already commented on the gross mediocrity of this film so I'll skip that part. There were some very good, though isolated, moments in the story: a lesson about how torture is wrong and doesn't work, the equal value of all lives regardless of how they have been lived, "abridged" civil rights are neither civil nor right, etc. I like all those concepts and they are certainly worthy of exploration given our current political state.To me, however, the most prominent feature of this film was neither Heath Ledger, (whom I greatly respect as an actor), Christian Bale, nor the script, directing, story line, performances, or suspense, but rather the gorrific violence that punctuated almost every moment of the more than two and a half hours this thing went on. Everything in this movie explodes!!! And the cut aways in the editing do nothing to mitigate the impact of all the slashing, stabbing, pounding, bludgeoning, shooting, and impaling that becomes ridiculous about halfway through. And though I have enormous respect for him, Ledger's Joker was basically Ted Bundy with face paint. I think the inspiration for this film came more from Oliver Stone's "Natuarl Born Killers" than from anything that was ever written in a comic book.All you need to know is this... In the last ten minutes of the film, with the body count hovering somewhere around 100, a scene begins to unfold where a young child is about to be murdered in cold blood, (those of you who have seen the movie know what I'm talking about). The scene goes on for what I thought was an excruciatingly long time, but even as it was just beginning I was thinking to myself, "no, no, no, this is wrong. This should not be done this way in a movie". Then somewhere in the theater, behind me, a child began sobbing uncontrollably. Yes, real terror, real horror, real fear, a real child, right there in the theater. The scene finally came to an end. The sobbing didn't. As the lights came up for us to leave I saw a couple escorting their approximately 12 year old son out of the theater, still sobbing, and hanging on to his parents' clothing as they walked out.I don't blame the parents. This movie's PG13 rating is unconscionable. This is a "Batman" movie! With a PG13 rating! "Batman" originated from a children's comic book series. One would think that this movie would be a safe experience for children. It's not. Given the grotesque thread of constant violence that runs from the opening credits to the closing credits it's not even suitable for adults. Several of the postings here at IMDb with the lowest ratings have noted that they are putting their rating as low as possible to balance out the overly generous perfect scores that have vaulted this movie into the position of being one of the greatest film ever,according to IMDb. Not me. I really didn't like this movie. And in the last ten minutes of it I came to hate it. It does not do service to the Batman franchise, or movies in general. There is not a shred of "comic book" appeal in it anywhere, and it will take it's place as one of the most uselessly violent movies ever made. That this offering has the broad appeal it has makes me a little sad, and sick inside. And if I could speak for the poor kid that was sitting behind me during this bloated gore fest I'd say this, "thanks for the memories".I just rented this from Netflix and forced myself to watch it till the end. What a dreadful, boring yet expensive movie. It was so dimly lit, they could have had any of the thousands of out-of-work actors in Southern California in it with no perceptible difference. I guess a couple more explosions would have helped (not really). I only watched it cause of Heath Ledger's excellent performance in Brokeback Mountain. Boy, was I disappointed. I didn't care about anyone while watching except for myself who was waiting for it to end. At times the dialog was difficult to understand with the volume way up but the loud soundtrack made every sound effect rattle the furniture.I just don't get what passes for great entertainment nowadays. I had to watch some old Rocky and Bullwinkle cartoons afterward as an intelligent antidote to this cartoonish movie that tries for so much significance, an odd combination. It's like looking for significance and the meaning of life in an infomercial. Don't bother.I may run out of words to end with "less". Mindless, witless, a view of the world that's hopeless. Horrible acting, writing, editing, lighting and music. I've seen it all before only done better. Nicholson's turn at Joker was far, far superior. Ledger? Mirthless, just a distracting concoction of tics. Bale? Who knows? His augmented voice and masked face made his 2-dimensional performance meaningless. Dent? What a horrible performance, something you'd see on "Knot's Landing". Where have we come as a society? Kubrick made "A Clockwork Orange" in '71, a devilishly clever, mean and stylish film that pushed the limits when it came to on-screen violence. His young monster, Alex, played by the brilliant Malcolm MacDowell, was a thing to behold. Now we have families taking their kids to the '08 version of ultraviolence and yukking it up. The dark night of America film-making is more like it. Are we really this numb, are we really this nihilistic?I have never bothered to post a review before for any film. But I feel that I must to point out the nonsense of film reviewers these days. I see the critics post as must see, film of the year, et, etc. This was billed as a film with fantastic sound. I found the continuous droning noise whose pitch increased during the film to what I hoped would be a fantastic climax, but I the drone included what sounded like whale noises and more boring droning noises with occasional sounds of gun fire. I was bored after 15 minutes, the ridiculous story of the kid in the fishing boat, the original bit about the spitfire pilots and the nonsense of the soldiers taking cover in the boat.....absolute shallow lazy boring rubbish filming. If they added a decent music score it may have kept me interested. This film does not show it as it was its just absolute cap and does not come across as a powerful film at all. A waste of money.Yes, awful. How can anyone honestly give this film a positive recommendation? It is so amateurish. Whoever wrote the screenplay forgot the story. What story is it! It's not about Dunkirk, the famous WWII evacuation of British troops from France. What about the French troops? The British commander says to hell with them. Two cowards are the focus of the story. They will do anything to get out ahead of everyone else who are patiently waiting, keeping order, and waiting their turn. One other is picked up by a civilian boat on its way to rescue troops at Dunkirk, and he fights the crew to not go back. He kills one of them. Great story? I figure they used 5 planes to make the entire film: three RAF fighters, one German fighter, and one German bomber, all classic planes. Why I say this is b/c they only show three RAF fighters in one scene, and then it's always a one-on-one with all the other scenes. The special effects are from the 1950's. I think they did a better job in Wings, 1927. Also, it's hard to figure out what they are saying. I missed half the dialogue, but I didn't miss much b/c it's so worthless a film. It's aimless, boring, pathetic, and cheap. There is nothing epic about this film. It's a sad joke. What a waste of my money. It's one of the most over-rated films of all time.Crow the critics are about Nolan's latest, "Dunkirk." A stunning masterpiece say many. Masterpiece my ass.Snookered by the hype and war film fandom, ducats were placed on counter, a ticket for admission passed back. Lights dimmed, anticipation mounted, and... nothing. Nothing. Save lurching between disparate, battle set pieces featuring people for whom little or no empathy exists. Lacking investment in the characters, what remains are merely adequate, bloodless war scenes easily outgunned by the recent "Fury" and, farther back, "Saving Private Ryan." For example, a young boy is killed but we know nothing of him, nothing of his motivation for climbing aboard a civilian, Dunkirk-bound boat at the last minute. We feel nothing for him because he's simply a cardboard cutout.As the actors barely register emotion, boredom set in and not to be shaken off. The characters move as wind-up toys. There are few actors who bare their soul like Cillian Murphy, here a shell-shocked survivor. As directed, he sleepwalks with the depth of an amateur in a high school production. He's not alone. All the actors turn in measured performances with identical blank looks and monotone deliveries. Particularly wasted is the actor's actor, Kenneth Branagh.Certainly the bravery and sacrifice of civilian and military in the Dunkirk evacuation is celebrated in "Dunkirk." Thank you. However, this historical action occurred in 1940. Films echo the zeitgeist of the time in which they're produced. It's an odd choice to make a large (bad) film about an evacuation three-quarters of a century past. There's a stink of political agenda afoot in "Dunkirk" that's intolerable. The enemy, unseen in "Dunkirk," lurks and kills from safety by air and ground. Surrounded with backs to the the Atlantic, the very survival of a way of life is in question, as portrayed in "Dunkirk." (Spoiler Alert: The Allies Won The War.) The enemy's attacks are isolated like terrorism. The result is "Dunkirk" weaves a cautionary allegory mirroring religious extremism bent on destroying all non-believers.Subtle propaganda is dangerous. "Dunkirk" fits that bill. Either that or Nolan is a complete idiot who hasn't a whit of sense. It's a toss-up based on a filmography including the lackluster borefest "Interstellar," and the beyond inane "Inception." Nolan remains static in his career with "Dunkirk." His films are half-baked, underwritten, detached, and emotion-free. "Dunkirk" plays like a rough cut by a bad director who expects the viewer to emotionally fill-in-the-blanks. "Dunkirk" even lacks the courage of its convictions in being bloodless - there are no graphic deaths. At least Spielberg had the courage to rub the viewer's nose in the stench of death in "Saving Private Ryan." The first half hour of that film is unprecedented in the depiction of carnage (one can almost taste the grit of raining sand from nearby mortar strikes). Nolan sanitizes-for-your-own-protection. Yet he chose a violent topic and punked out; a war movie detached from death is not a film about war. By design, war cannot include gratuitous violence, just insanity - an element also lacking in "Dunkirk."The wall-to-wall dramatic, but mixed low, score loses its effectiveness and becomes annoying. And, the constant, ham-handed crosscutting between stories further waters this already thin soup by stopping a scene's dramatic momentum.A short scene in "Mrs. Miniver" (1942) featuring civilian Walter Pidgeon returning from Dunkirk in his shot up runabout says more in the visuals and a few lines of dialogue about the evacuation than the entirety of "Dunkirk." As Trump might Tweet, "Sad!"Ever since the end of the second world war, the phrase 'Dunkirk spirit' has been used in Britain to describe courage and solidarity in times of adversity. However, this film chooses to focus on a young soldier who tries every underhand trick he can think of to get on board the rescue vessels ahead of everyone else. Where's the bravery or self sacrifice in that? Instead of identifying with this "hero" I became increasingly angry with him and had nothing but contempt for his actions. Why not push in front of everyone else by pretending to be a medic? Why not pretend to be a survivor from a ship that's just been bombed and sunk? Not only do you get priority access to the next rescue boat but you get a hot drink, food and warmth before your comrades left behind on the beach. I was actually happy that every escape attempt failed for this character.It wouldn't be so bad if there was some dialogue to help us identify with Tommy's fears or motivation but the first part of the film is played out in almost mute silence. A group of soldiers walk through Dunkirk without any conversation or discussion of their situation. Thousands of soldiers stand on the beach waiting for rescue with no-one apparently talking to each other. I'm sorry but this is just unrealistic. But then it's equally unrealistic for Tommy and his comrades to have walked through a clean and rather modern looking town of Dunkirk where there is no damage to any of the buildings, despite the fact that the enemy (don't mention the Germans) are attacking the place. Freshly swept roads, clean windows and picture perfect sandbags for the French army to hide behind - surely the filmmakers could have built a decent set to depict a war damaged section of town?Christopher Nolan has said that he wanted to avoid CGI in this film and opt instead for a realistic approach. Okay, CGI has become all pervasive in modern films (and some of it is downright cheesy) but there's surely no reason why it couldn't have been used in this film to create the illusion of more soldiers on the beach or extra boats out at sea. Trying to depict such a large scale and epic event as Dunkirk in a realistic and authentic way is virtually impossible without using some CGI.The cinematic device of three different story lines being told on three separate timescales just doesn't work in this movie. The constant jumping back and forth between the different threads leads to some jarring continuity effects. One minute the sky is overcast, the next it's clear and sunny. One moment it's nighttime, the next it's daytime. It's a shocking mess.Halfway through the movie I found myself shifting around in my seat feeling increasingly irritated and it wasn't just the misadventures of our "hero". I realised it was the background music causing my discomfort; a relentless, monotonous assault on the ears. War might be hell but this soundtrack isn't far behind. When the small boats arrive at Dunkirk, a stirring rendition of 'Nimrod' from Elgar's 'Enigma' variations is played, albeit played at quarter speed. Is this really counted as being an original music score as stated in the credits? Sadly the answer appears to be yes because Elgar's music is no longer under copyright protection. The fact that somebody got credit for writing this particular section of "original" music is absolutely shameful.The clichés: when Tom Hardy's pilot has a problem with his fuel gauge and has to start making manual calculations on what fuel he has left, what are the chances that he will actually run out of fuel before the film ends? Well knock me down with a feather! He's run out of fuel. Gosh, I never saw that plot twist comingThe young boy who jumps on the small boat at the last moment as it leaves England, not realising (in his naivety) that it could be a dangerous journey. What are the chances of him being badly injured or even dying? Oh look he's dead. Surprised? Well only by the manner of his death and the lack of concern from the skipper of the boat when told of what's happened.What are the chances that our brave Spitfire pilot (who's just ditched in the sea) is going to be rescued from drowning at the very last second as the water laps over his head? What a cliffhanger! Our small boat gets there in the nick of time to save the day! On the edge of my seat and holding my breath with excitement? Er, no.Then we have that ridiculous ending. After shooting down an enemy plane (don't mention the Germans) Tom Hardy runs out of fuel. In an outstanding display of flying skills, our pilot extraordinaire not only manages to glide his Spitfire up and down the beach a couple of times but shoots down a Stuka bomber in the process before making a picture perfect landing on the beach as the sun sets. Why bother landing on the beach? He could have flown back to England in time for tea and tiffin. As the sun goes down he destroys his aircraft so the enemy (please don't mention the Germans) can't get their hands on it. Quite frankly a crash landing would have been much more entertaining and an appropriate epitaph for this sorry farrago of a movie.Verdict? This film is a turkey.*** This review may contain spoilers ***So, it looked promising and so lets start with the PROS; The intro sequence all 6 minutes (including the first dive bombing) should have continued for the whole movie - EPIC!That's it for pro's, really the rest will just make you depressed. CONS;A poorly cobbled together film without a story and achingly under- utilized actors.The awfully executed chronology lacked any reference or worthy explanation, exposing the glaring continuity issues and unbelievable plot mechanics. Sure tell a few different stories, but please at least maintain continuity WITHIN each story, it's as though the decision was made to have all these points of view early on - yet when it came time to film they did it over 2 days. A few extras lined up on a beach and some borrowed planes. F*$*. we are approaching the 2020's dammit - use some bloody good CGI as you clearly can afford it. The movie fails to portray even a 1/1000th of the actual evacuation - there were +- 330 000 troops leaving and over 60 000 killed ( thanks Wikipedia) yet ... Nolan fails to deliver any inkling of that sort of magnitude. The Brits left behind 63,879 vehicles including tanks and motorcycles + 2,472 field guns .... holy s*$(. but do we see a single tank or gun ... maybe 5 trucks and tug boat --- woo ooh ... also the ending is Horses excrement, climaxing with some stupid spitfire pilot who is SO worried about fuel, yet manages to fly around and engage bombers for the WHOLE FILM right up to, and after its engine stops ... SURE ... then it unbelievably swoops around with no engine (they obviously just cut the sound to make it look like the engine had stopped) and then swoops past TWICE along the beach and it is assumed by the plot that it engages and SHOOTS DOWN an approaching Stukka dive bomber -NO! NO! I CALL BULLSH$T MR NOLAN! So major bullsh%t climax moment out of the way, onto the meat and bones of this cut and pasted high school conceived garbage pile.Day, morning, evening, rough seas, very calm seas - NEVER bloody mind - just SHOOT the scene dammit! The "DAY" progresses achingly slowly and even although we see two sunrises / sunsets / a storm and everything in between we are meant to believe it all happens during these story points, what LAZY film making .... I do not believe. I never much cared for this Mr Nolan chap - and now after wasting my few dollar I feel confused for the future of film making and even more disappointed than ever for the general intelligence of the world. Are audiences/critics really that shallow / attention deficit that they cannot come up with an honest review so that others may find out before wasting time and effort? pathetic for a $150 Million budget. If i could SAVE 50k p/a i'd have to work for 20 YEARS just to make 1/150th of the budget... and yet THIS is the result. These people are living in a ridiculous reality paid for by you and I>I am sure that the critics that write the reviews are paid shills because anyone who considers that movie to be a masterpiece has either never seen a war movie or is just taking money to lie to the public.Dunkirk was more spectacular than 7 or so boats, 3 planes and less than 300 men in a line on a beach. And whose idea was it to pay Tom Hardy a ridiculous sum of the budget to once again hide his face and never actually do what he is paid to do which last I checked was acting? It's obvious he was used in this movie to give it some credibility just like they did with the Mad Max debacle where he spent 3 quarters of the movie with a face covering on preventing him from speaking. The noise was awful and apparently some of that noise was considered to be music! Dull bass throbbing in every scene.Story? Lets not even go there. I can sum up the Story in one paragraph although you cannot really consider it a spoiler because there's nothing in this to spoil. "Trapped on a beach awaiting rescue but the ships keep getting destroyed by dive bombers with only 3 planes to protect those ships. Ends with Hardy finally revealing his face when he is captured after landing his plane which has run out of fuel."That's it. Everything else in between is just noise. To the people who consider themselves to be critics I say this: If you want the movie industry to become like the gaming industry where the main goal is most profit in shortest time regardless of the content then keep spouting the BS otherwise you need to start telling the truth for once. Two hours of noise and it cost them $100 million to make? It's obvious where that money went because these so called movie creators couldn't even be bothered to use CGI to expand the number of men, ships and planes to really set the scene. There was nothing in this movie and Tom Hardy was thick or corrupt enough to be used as the marketing tool. Don't waste your money.Very disappointing because of:*The worst voice quality of the recently watched films - terrible *Bad start ever, asphalt road, clear walls etc!!! *Too sterile pictures, sights - every body who starts a research will see on the old 1940s photos of Dunkirk that roads , buildings and coasts were full of mess, debris etc. *The casts have no faces, names like zombies - only a died boy's name - George- remained in my mind. There is no really main character(s) *Very poor views of the dogfights *Poor picture quality -grain noisy and sometimes the objects is out of focus- and camera movements compared example to the War for the Planet of the Apes - over all the best quality every levels, sound, voice, picture quality, camera movements actors performances etc.- and compared to other IMAX movies *I gave only 1 point because of these reasons, the huge budget and the very professional A list directors, crews and actors. The bottom of the B category for ~150 mil.Finally I was a big Nolan fan but now I am very disappointed and a bit up set in turn I'm and my family big fan of the cinemas especially ODEON ISENSE with Dolby Atmos. Usually I didn't do reviews I'm sick of this terrible movies.where to start ... WW2 ended over 70 years ago, so I thought it was the time to tell true stories about what happened back then, but I guess I was wrong, and the allies still need some sort of ego- boosters, where the Germans are portrayed as dumb with fighters made of paper. The movie is very boring and slow to be categorized under war genre, and you can see that clearly even on the faces of the actors ... 400,000 soldiers trapped on a beach, should be a movie scene that everyone will remember for years, yet all we saw were few bored soldiers standing in lines as if they were waiting for bathroom... the lines of people at movie theaters who went to watch this movie looked more crowded and alive than the 400K !! And where are all those civilians boats which everyone was talking about? I thought it was gonna be a huge fleet, yet they were no more than a dozen of them !!!! I am not gonna mention the background music as this was a disaster which needs a separate review by itself... save your time and maybe spend your money on buying any WW2 game which will be 100 times more exciting than watching thisI am fully disappointed with that movie. Brazilian specialized press is saying that is the best movie of the year. Elio Gaspari in his papers' column said today the movie is excellent. I fully disagree. First of all it is a boring movie. I had two or three times the wish of leaving the theater. As a matter of fact, some guys did so. Second, is a quite illogical movie, regarding space and time. They mixed together time shifted events, and I just realized that reading the critics. Third is a type of horror movie in which the intention is to scare you. Why the sound is so loud? I had the impression Count Dracula would show himself up to bite some soldiers' neck. After spending and loosing 5USD with the ticket and regretting not to leave the theater before movies end, I realized that was the worst movie on WWII ever shot. I dare to say that is the worst movie ever shot about any war, not just WWII.I went to the cinema with good expectations. A great war movie.. Well.. It's wasn't great, and it wasn't a war movie..400.000 men it said on the poster, if I would count there were at most a 1000.Surrounded by Germans it said, maybe it was at the time I went to the toilet but no Germans seen here..After 1 hour I really wanted to get out of the cinema, but I was not alone so eventually I stayed for the whole (too long) 1:45..Don't go and pay money for this, if you really want to see it despite the awfulness this movie is, watch it on Netflix and buy a lot of beer to drink the story through..Many people complains about the plot being confusing, but I found it very simple: Two ninjas, Sherlock and Watson (the former said to be very clever) have a fight each five minutes of the film. In-between fights they try to solve a very difficult case about a bad guy (Lord Blackwood) that, as Count Dracula, has the power to get into the minds of the people and make them cause riots and protests everywhere in Victorian London. Although the bad guy’s ambitions are merely political, he also murders women as a hobby and that’s why he is captured by the two ninjas, then prosecuted and finally hanged.Many people go to see the execution, but nobody (not even the clever ninja) notes that the rope from which the bad guy hangs stays loose around his neck. The other ninja, said to be a physician, takes the pulse of the corpse directly on the neck, and realizes that the rope didn’t leave any mark whatsoever in the dead guy’s neck. Admired by how soft these new ropes are, he says nothing and declares him dead.The bad guy wasn’t dead, but he was buried the same under big blocks of granite. This was a very hard task because these blocks were actually very small pieces glued together lightly so that the bad guy could break them from the inside of his grave and it must have required quite a lot of people to put these fragile blocks in place so delicately as not to unglue them. Fortunately for the bad guy no one working at the cemetery noticed this.The film goes on very slowly after that. Anything they investigate is immediately followed by a long fight.Very often Conan Doyle writes about cases that although they look supernatural at the beginning, a sound and rational explanation is provided at the end.Guy Ritchie decides to change this tedious scheme, so that a crescendo is built till the last frame. To achieve this Guy Ritchie applies the rule that if a case looks supernatural, the explanation should be more supernatural than the case itself.So, at the end, we are faced with magical substances (that couldn’t be found till now even in the Pandora moon) like a kind of clear, odorless liquid, that people take as water, which ignites readily and violently with just a spark, distilled cyanhydric acid that kills much better than the relatively pure counterpart so easy to obtain, an antidote thanks to which you can breathe hydrogen cyanide with no ill effects, small sized remote controls made in 1880, and many, many more. No ridicule is spared in explaining what has happened and how.Such a display of fantasy for nothing; at the end the clever ninja cannot explain how the bad guy managed to get into the minds of the people and organize riots telepathically. Maybe there was also a magical gas that was released by the bad guy and caused this, but unfortunately this is not shown in the film.I'm rating a 1/10 to counterbalance all the 9/10 reviews. This movie was just another stupid, boring action movie. I might of given it more stars if it wasn't named "Sherlock Holmes".1. The characters in the movie were not Holmes and Watson. Maybe Dr. House and Jackie Chan. I read some reviews saying that this is the best portrayal of Holmes you've ever seen, seriously? Yes, he was eccentric, but he wasn't a smug, childish, karate champion, witty.... He was a proper British gentlemen. Why does he always have a stupid, baffled expression in the movie? You know the one with his eyes wide open.2. I have to agree with another reviewer, Conan Doyle mostly had believable explanations. Not some remote control, flammable water, and lot's of other junk that they didn't have in the late 1800's.3. I hate that everything nowadays has to be an action movie. Holmes and Watson were not crime fighting ninjas. I've read many Holmes books and I've yet to find one where he goes around kicking ass all over the place. Next we'll see a Jesus movie where there are lots of explosions.This movie is good for the masses, but not if you are an actual thinking human being.I actually had high hopes for this movie. I went with a big crowd of people and while they planned to see Avatar I was going to see Sherlock Holmes. Unfortunately for them, Avatar was sold out so they all joined me in this train wreck of a movie. To be fair, there are about 10 minutes total that are kind of interesting. But the movie is 2 hours and 15 minutes long so there's the problem. There are so many plot holes that a mack truck could drive through and even with suspension of disbelief, it is truly a hodge podge of dreck with loud noises interspersed amongst the dreck to keep you awake. We are supposed to believe that Irene Adler is so strong as to heave a drugged and out-of-it Holmes from off the floor by the fireplace and onto a bed and then strip and handcuff him to the bed posts. They don't show you any of this because it would be laughably unbelievable. She must be super human to accomplish such a feat. There are other ridiculous stupidities that I thought perhaps were aimed at teens but the teens that were with me actually fell asleep because it was so boring. Every once in a while one of the sleeping teens would nod awake at a loud explosion. One such explosion completely engulfed the major characters yet in the next scene, not a burn mark is to be found. Apparently people in Holmes' day were made of asbestos. Don't waste your money. I like R.D.J. but this was a waste of time and money.At face value, Sherlock Holmes should have been the must-see of 2010 - great cast in the shape of Jude Law and the currently unstoppable Robert Downey Jr, massive budget, big name director and a classic story.In reality it fails, and fails badly.My better half extended a theory which I think holds merit here: it feels as though somebody has written a really good story to prequel the Sherlock Holmes stories by Arthur Conan Doyle and presented it to a studio - who have promptly handed it to a hack screen-writer and a lacklustre director to make a shambles of.The action scenes lack any feeling of authenticity or excitement, and that's pretty inexcusable in an action driven film with a cast of good actors. Had the film had a different director, I can't help feeling that it would have made an excellent, suspenseful story-driven feature. As it is, the action feels pasted-on and ruins the story.*(slight) SPOILER ALERT* Holmes' trademark summing up and explanation at the end is perhaps the one enjoyable scene in the film, but is ruined by the constant foreshadowing of sequels to come. The whole film, in fact, feels like it's setting up its own sequel rather than trying to be a film in its own right - it just doesn't work! *ANOTHER (very slight) SPOILER ALERT* Mark Strong is the villain of the piece as Lord Blackwood - but the character is a hugely inferior copy of his role as Septimus in Stardust, right down to the thigh-length black leather jacket.*ANOTHER (much bigger) SPOILER ALERT* Take a Dan Brown novel. Take all of the nonsensical plots about Illuminati and mystic orders. Superimpose it on top of an Arthur Conan Doyle novel. Voila - you've just made this film.I spent the whole of this film waiting for it to become good. The cast were good, the original characters were good, the budget was good - the film, however, is atrocious.If I were a supercomputer built to ruin Sherlock Holmes I could not have done a better job. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle came back to life just to die again of embarrassment. Maybe if anyone in Hollywood ever bothered to read the source material tragedies like this would happen less.Even though Holmes is one of the most recognizable names in literature they decided that he wasn't bad ass enough and turned him into a frigging UFC fighter. Instead of solving cases he just beats the crap out of everyone.If you liked this movie, you are the problem with American cinema. Have some standards people.Buried underneath a ton of special effects and obligatory action (to keep the audience riveted) lay a poorly devised character of a a 19th-century consulting detective, with an 18th century hair-do, and late-20th-century weapons, poorly disguised to look like something from steam-punk. (Psst- they didn't chrome-plate their pistols in those days.) Another Hollywood butcher job, re-writing history, and the intentions of the authors who originally presented it. The plot could not have been more transparent had it been made of glass--exposing the metaphysical as tricks of science and engineering. And Irene Adler... would have been arrested for dressing the way she did. But, of course... that's Hollywood. And Downey should be ashamed of himself... trying to make Holmes look like an Einstein Emo. He looked like a heroin addict, not like someone who took a 7% solution of cocaine when feeling bored. Totally disappointing.I am still reeling from the sheer terror of enduring this movie. It was a masterpiece of horror. It was a collection of platitudes and nonsense on a level that you rarely see in movies with this kind of budget. I can not find a single redeeming quality. Nothing at all.Bad acting is excusable here, and I won't cover the obvious stiffness and discomfort of Jude Law. I'd be too if I was him. That wasn't the bad part though.Holmes. Drug addict. Manic depressive perhaps. Prone to lock him self up in his room for weeks on end. Not good for the old physique. But oh, he's a veritable Bruce Lee meets the Karate Kid. Are you joking? Are you serious? I can suspend my disbelief with the best of them, but that is just too much of a stretch. It is actually too bloody stupid to even contemplate.For half the movie you think you are watching some kind of a "Harry Potter has Grown Up" production. It is uncanny how much like Harry Potter they tried to make this thing. If I want wizards, I'll go see Harry Potter, the real one, thank you very much. No, Harry Potter is not an improvement on the old Dickensian movie look. Really. It's not.Oh, and who let bloody Dan Brown into the script writers room. Honestly. The only thing missing was a bad cut to some medieval knight fighting some secret society in Jerusalem.I hereby nominate Sherlock Holmes for the Turkey of the year, and I doubt any other will come close to this junk.I grew up reading Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's novels and I could still read them. This is because his novels can wake up imagination of the child and yet they have style and class to involve any adult into the story. I can say that this is the case with most of the Sherlock Holmes movies I had seen before I saw this one as they engage you by using the intelligent plot, first of all. 2009 Sherlock Holmes is a ridiculous attempt to turn a legendary detective into a Mission Impossible character and Dr. Watson into James Bond, Sean Connery style. Fast actions with special effects and very poor plot development are typical failures of this sterile Hollywood style project which has nothing to do with Sherlock. As I already mentioned partly, character of Dr Watson overpowers must dominating figure of Sherlock Holmes, which is sooo amateurish. Sherlock Holmes casting is a total failure, this guy matches Sherlock Holmes character as much as Sylvester Stallone. All in all, this is the bad time for Sherlock Holmes lovers.I guess what is more depressing than this abominable movie is the many laudatory reviews I have read here. Are audiences today so jaded, so utterly disconnected from even their recent past, so completely lobotomized that they would find kind words to say about such dreck as this? I had thought that the unspeakable 1979 pastiche of HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES with Dudley Moore was about as low as one could get in the filming of a Sherlock Holmes story. I was clearly wrong. This is the end, the limit, the bottom of the calcium-encrusted barrel. Holmes admirers (those who understand and appreciate the fine originals) will stay away in droves if for no other reason than the hilarious miscasting of the lead characters. Mr Downey as Holmes and Mr Law as Watson rank right up there with such inspired casting choices as Tony Curtis playing a medieval knight and Sharon Stone playing a gunfighter of the old west. Ridiculous.I doubt that Hollywood's renowned contempt for its audiences can be better illustrated than by this movie. Do moviegoers really enjoy having their intelligences insulted with such grand insouciance?It is both pointless and useless to go on. We have given up what little culture we have left by allowing these amateurs to take great classics and turn them into idiotic roller-coaster rides. A paying public that can applaud, let alone part with the money to see, such a movie is clearly a public that can no longer recognize quality. Some years ago, just before he passed away, the great producer Darryl Zanuck said "I know audiences feed on cr_p. But I cannot believe we are so lacking in ability that we cannot dish it up to them with a little style". Why bother, Mr Zanuck? Apparently anything thrown out to movie audiences today will be lapped up like cream.Stay home and read a Conan Doyle original.Since too much has already been written about this crap, I'll confine myself to some key points:Story: Thin to non-existent. Plot holes and logical blunders abound.Script: Complete failure. Just a succession of scenes without a coherent narrative. Acting: Mediocre and miscast (although I usually like both Law and Downey). Chemistry between characters: Completely non-existent. Action: Too many boring fight scenes, just for the sake of it. Humor: Got very thin very fast. Tried to be witty but failed miserably.Length: About two hours – felt like three. Boring. Paralysing. Visuals: Some good shots of industrial London. CGI became quite dull soon, however.Seriously, save your time and money!I'm the one who found this film boring and nonsense,nice...I finally watched the hottest film, Isle of Dogs. And it made me confused and even so mad. Well, the film could be seen nicely directed with exotic images, if you don't have any background knowledge about imperialism period of the country, Japan.Although the movie explained its time setting as the future, it obviously borrowed the images from Japan in the imperialism and colonial period such as costumes, hair style, how the government controls the people and how they were controlled. And from the point of view as a Korean, a person from the colonial victim country, it's not just about the cute dogs.There is an isle called Gunkanjima which was called 'Isle of jail' by Korean people near a city of Japan, 'Nagasaki', just as there is the isle of dogs near a virtual city in the movie, 'Megasaki'. From 1940 to 1945, approximately 800 of Korean people were drafted into the coal mine which was filled with high temperature poisonous gas above 50C for compulsory labour. They were literally treated like 'dogs'. And 122 of them passed away in the 'isle of jail'. Moreover, Japanese government didn't inform most of the deaths even to their families.If you still can't understand why I feel so mad, I can explain it more easily by metaphor. Just imagine there's a movie which German people in the Nazis period style appear in, and they commit 'Dogs' to an isolated isle. It can't but remind of 'the place' where all we know.Freedom of expression should not be respected always but only when with responsibility. If Wes Anderson just picked the country and the city because it's his favorite as he said, he should have known enough and well. And I would blame on his ignorance. However, if not, I am really wondering what he wanted to say through the film.I am reading through reviews and have no idea how people think this movie was worth watching. Luckily I have movie pass so this pile of excrement didn't get my money, or I'd have asked for it back from the box office. The movie is tediously slow with below average imagery and poor writing. You know exactly how the movie is going to go, and just don't care about it the whole time. I couldn't sit still in the theatre because all I wanted to do was leave, which half the theatre did already by the end of the movie so it wasn't just me. Please don't do a sequel.Let me make one thing clear, at the beginning of the film is narrated a Japanese legend about a samurai who has helped a bunch of dogs in the past. Yes the hero of this story is not the little Atari Kobayashi, but the white American student with Afro hair, named Tracy Walker. Of course you could not make a movie with American money, without appearing certain mannerisms or mechanisms. The dumbest minds will say that it is to lure people to the box office, but why the Japanese people, who are hustling in the history of this movie are idiots who can not communicate without screaming, and schizophrenics that can not socialize with other individuals from other countries. The clearest example is when Tracy Walker tries to "pull" a information from a japanese scientist over a sore to heal dogs. Seriously, Hollywood, why the filmmakers do not try to first change their mentality, before writing these scripts for these films.Yes, this movie has the same stereotype ideas about Japanese people that Hollywood thinks that is true, but I doubt many Hollywood guys had left their jobs or homes to live in Japan, and they would see a totally different life and people.Not to mention that the story of the film is totally chiché and predictable, despite the excellent animation (stop animation animated movie) out of ordinary. But good animation is not enough to save a movie. A good script, story and characters are the main reason, because when the animation effect passed away (the Wow reaction of the audience), it is the story that stays in the memory.The Wow effect on the audience due to the excellent animation only lasts the first 10 minutes of the movie, after this the audience becomes more interested about the story and characters rather the beautiful animation. The most important thing is how the story of the movie is told, not in what way it is told (special effects, animation or music, etc...).Oh my god it was boring! Where did all these people who gave it 8, 9 or 10 stars come from? I almost fell asleep in it! The story moved so slowly, was uninteresting and completely predictable. I thought it was going to be a cute film about dogs, it wasn't. NOT RECOMMENDED!!!First of all, I must admit I thought this movie was boringly slow paced (as most of Wes Anderson's movies), so I didn't pay attention to all the details in the movie, so there might be some stuff wrong with my review, but since I didn't see other people exposing the plot as well as could be done, I felt obligated to do so.
Cat lover and dog hater mayor makes gets a pharmaceutical company to create a dog disease (this is only exposed much later in the movie).
Even though there's a scientist politician who tells people that they can create a cure for the dogs, the Mayor gets people to hate dogs and makes a law that bans them to an island that serves as a trash dump.
A rich boy had a loyal bionic super intelligent bodyguard dog (btw all the dogs in this movie have human level or higher intelligence), and he goes to the island to save his dog.
His dog was dead, but he had brothers. The boy fights against Mayor agents and robot dogs who want to get rid of (kill) the boy, and keep the dogs in the isle.
In the continent (outside the island), the scientist politician finds the cure for the dog disease and gets killed for it by the Mayor's group.
Also, the Mayor tells the world that the rich boy has died.
An exchange student from the U.S.A. has a hunch that this banning of dogs is because of a conspiracy done by the mayor, and he leads a group of japanese kids to help him. And after finding out that the politician/ scientist was killed he goes to another of the Mayor's speeches and exposes him.
When the Mayor is telling that the exchange boy has lied, and is going to get deported, the rich boy who made a raft and got a lot of the dogs to the continent appears and helps expose the villany of the Mayor, by proving that the rich boy is alive and that the cure works on dogs.
At that point the Mayor decides to expose himself as honorless, and turns good, and tries to stop another of his evil minions from pressing a button that will exterminate dogs on the island.
The evil minion presses anyway, but instead of that killing the dogs, it kills the evil minions.
Then dogs join human society again.
There are so many plot holes in this story, deus ex machina moments, terrible personality developments, as well as bad analogies to actual events that you can clearly see that they thought of the esthetics first, and the content later to fill in gaps.I love directors bringing their vision and actually use the movie media as an artform. These directors Is a rarity today and I'm glad everytime something different Is made.
 As a movie lover all my life Ive seen every amazing move I can lay my hands on. But art Is In the eye of the beholder, each and every one have different tastes. I can appriciate the work behind Isle Of dogs. But that's where It stops.
The movie Itself Is a slog to sit through, I lost interest several times, I didn't find It funny, gripping, or any emotions whatsoever throughout.
It plays on the now very familiar Wes tropes. dogs walk to the left, dogs walk to the right. panorama from air etc. says something boring and that walks some more. I Just find the storytelling very uncompelling. It's just a mishmash that plays out as slapstick. dogs fighting robot dogs, boy got another metalpiece in brain.. wow, It's like how people love to praise Tarantino.. Also a director that makes the same boring movies over and over with only top grade actors. And.. you see why the movies then become a kind of what you expect, fanservice.
It plays out in whatever fashion It wants. We all know even from the first minute the dogs are gonna make It. So the tention Is gone, Then again.. It's a movie about dogs.. 
There's countless of stopmotion, puppetry, claymation and anime movies that really pull on the heartstrings or make you care for the characters displayed onscreen, or even make you cry, or being astounded with how beautifully crafted they are.. But Isle of dogs did nothing for me even If I love the japanese food culture and their customs.. It just doesnt work here.
I don't hate on Wes, I really love his earlier movies, But this wasn't my thing. I can't see what the raving reviews are all about. I watched It and I'm not gonna watch it twice. everI have to go against all of the voices who are praising this film. I found the film relied way too much on stereotypical jokes. It wasn't at all respectful to the Japanese and it definitely wasn't an homage to anything related to that culture. Haiku jokes, samurai references everywhere, people dressing and acting like they're from WW2 imperial Japan, sumo wrestlers, the list goes on. When someone speaks Japanese, because they're using yelling talk without any subtitles, and that's supposed to be 'funny'.
Most of the jokes in the movie would not work if it was set in, say, the US. 
And if this backward looking Japanese city set in the future was so Japanese centric (no english signs anywhere), why are their dogs named 'Spots', 'Chief', 'King'?!
Some earlier reviews have complained that the movie was 'whitewashing', by placing the english-speaking actors names at the top, and the japanese at the bottom. I don't find that offensive, since it is a hollywood movie, and the voices are of well-known hollywood actors. It doesn't make sense to put a lesser known actor at the top, regardless of their ethnic background.
It's just a shame that culturally-specific jokes are still acceptable today. Come on, Hollywood, I thought you were supposed to be progressive, and all this metoo stuff. I'm just thankful they didn't have a godzilla or a scene of harakiri in the movie.
Unfortunately, I can't really comment much on the story itself. Was it interesting? Not really. Were the characters enjoyable? They were okay. But overall, the stereotypes depicting the Japanese culture and people ruined the enjoyment of the film.Write movies about your own Country guys. Featuring an all-star cast of Japanese leftists hidden among baka American megastars, Isle of Dogs proves you can make puppets do anything no matter how venal. Waste of time seeing it.I've been a Wes Andersen fan for a while. You have to admit that he has some classics and has been known for killing a lot of dogs in his film - which I've always been on board with. I thought Wes was in our camp but then when I heard the title of his next film I was surprised. All of the portrayals of his cats in this film are depicted as villains and stereotypes while the dogs all have fully fledged characters. I could barely sit through this film and was between the theatre and the litterbox the whole time. Too long, boring, and offensively bad. At it's base I think that it's anti-cat and culturally insensitive.