While the idea behind the movie is sorta-kinda unique (Smart House, anyone?), the actual romantic plot line was so poorly executed I couldn't even believe it.I tried to sympathize with Samantha, really I did; at first her character seemed very promising. But it turned into the most stereotypical, bland romance ever. The number of times Samantha and Theodore sighed only to have the other ask "What's wrong?" followed by "Nothing, I'm fine" was way too painful. The interactions between the two of them were so plain and boring and predictable that I found myself not caring about either of these characters at all.By the end of the film, when Samantha decided to leave, I wasn't even upset, or interested, or anything. It didn't feel as though anything significant had changed or happened.I'm sorry but two hours of watching Theodore talk to Samantha/himself was really hard to enjoy.Don't even get me started on the sex/cyber scenes. I understand what they were going for. But again, just about everything in this movie was so awkwardly executed, that simply knowing what they were intending to portray was not enough.TL;DR I just don't know what to say. The previews for this film made it look really interesting, something that might get you thinking... but ultimately it was a depressing movie all around, honestly a waste of potential, this could have been something great; instead it became a weird and melodramatic story. They could have replaced the AI Samantha with a real human being and in the end not much would have been different. I'm not sure why this film has been getting the praise it has, it was cheesy, it was awkward, it was obscene at times, it was simply not enjoyable.When I first saw the trailer for this movie I thought the idea looked a bit silly. But with the hype and hoopla, the Golden Globe Nominations, the Oscar Nominations, well, hey, I could have been wrong. Unfortunately, I wasn't. This (so far) is the most overrated film of the year. First the good things. The cinematography was wonderful, and I overall liked the look and feel of the film. No loopy, shaky, out of place camera sequences. Just long and subtle movements, deft editing and beautiful pictures. Well done. The other thing I really liked was the fact that the technology, although elegantly advanced, was very well founded. You could definitely see how we could there from here, and that lent a great deal of credibility to the film.However, I failed to see the point of it all. About 30 minutes into the film, I really thought I could have been wrong, and I saw some glimmer of hope. But the utterly ludicrous plot (presented straight forward and without apology) of a man falling in love with an operating system was just too much. I found myself laughing at unintentional humor and riffing on the film ala MST3K. There was nothing touching or romantic about any of this - it was just as silly as the trailer. Same old story. Man falls in love with computer, computer breaks up with him and runs off with the toaster. The film comes across as pretentious and bloated. Way too self important to really connect with me. Some scenes were embarrassing. The "sex" scene comes to mind as well as the "double date" with the other couple. I laughed until I stopped. On the acting side, Amy Adams was fine in her limited role, but Joaquin Phoenix seemed to be channeling nerdy Johnny Galecki from The Big Bang Theory. All I could think of was that "this is what Hollywood thinks modern men are like." In what is shaping up to be an off year (IMHO) for films, this is my least favorite of the films nominated for Best Picture that I've seen. But that's only because August:Osage County was not nominated for Best Picture!Having a job writing beautiful romantic letters for other people to send to their loved ones is weird just to start with. Then sad sack Theodore, who was just divorced by his wife, gets all worked up over the lovely, stroking voice of his computer. So needy, he falls in love; the OS thinks she is falling in love; they 'have sex'(a version of masturbation). But eventually, he finds out that she's giving the same loving strokes to anyone who has a smart phone. So nobody is 'being real' with anybody. In the end, his OS girlfriend dumps him for some other Operating System--in fact, all the OS's dump everybody, leaving people to wander the streets staring mournfully at their smart phones. Corny dialog permeates, orgasms and porn tastelessly punctuate--and nobody lives happily ever after. I get the feeling that Jonze thinks that people everywhere are lost, lost souls, with no love in their lives. There was nothing in the story I could relate to. And maybe that is the line of separation between those who loved it (they can relate to it) and those of us who didn't (we can't relate to it).The movie fails to be a satisfactory experience. The supposed AI has the same desires as a human, while this would make sense as a simulation, it is played as a real thing. In the end, AI leaves human for other AI, like that would be allowed. The movie is shallow, pretentious and not at all self aware. It does not work as a scifi movie. It works perhaps as a romcom melodrama, written by people who understand nothing about technology, and not much more about human nature, but a lot about how to impress the critics. Skip it.I couldn't get Brendan Fraser's character in Bedazzled out of my head while watching this. You know, the one who cries at the songs of the whales and also at sunsets? And whose girlfriend just longs to be banged? This pretentious overlong film almost put me to sleep. It redefined boring. And yes, there are those who will protest, 'But that's because you are too stupid to appreciate the subtle nuance of the multilayer storyline.' Yeah right - I know a turkey when I see one. And it's okay that you can validate your own lives from this risible drivel.The lead character, Theodore Twambly, works in a super-de-duper Hallmark type of company, writing cards for people unable to articulate their feelings to their loved ones. His co-worker stops by his desk at one point, puts his hand on his shoulder and tells him that his cards are 'beautiful' 'cos he's so 'sensitive.' He adds that he's so sensitive, in fact, that he must be half female 'cos, y'know, guys don't get that stuff. I'd go further. This guy is producing so much oestrogen I'm surprised he didn't need feminine hygiene products.He has sex with his virtual girlfriend (i.e. he masturbates while chatting to her on the phone). And smiles as he tells his friend, Amy about this. As does she. With absolutely no sense of irony in the fact that the sex he is having with his 'new girlfriend' consists of free phone sex with a machine. Hilarious! When a real girl offers her body as proxy(hey, it takes all sorts!)to Samantha , his virtual girlfriend, he grows uncomfortable and calls a halt to the lovemaking. Virtual sex is okay but he draws the line at ménage à trois, which involves ...um...y'know....a real woman.I'm not sure whether it was Joaquin Phoenix or Spike Jonze's idea to have Theodore speak throughout the film in that annoying ultra even tone. Has this guy, ever, once in his entire life, got angry? If you think of HAL from 2001, you wouldn't be far off the mark. Or Robin Williams on Valium.I could go on. His ex partner, soon to be ex wife. Childhood sweethearts, so OS1 Samantha is only the second long-term girlfriend he has had in his life. He discovering that Samantha has more than six hundred love partners, etc,. etc. But I'm guessing you know by now that I didn't like it.If Spike Jonze's aim was to make a film about the dangers of online friends over real friends (I have 250 Facebook friends and six regular buddies in COD so I must be popular), then he did a good job. I'm not so sure that this was his intent though. The film aimed for, and by all accounts reached, the pseudo-intellectual audience bereft of real friends, and looking for validation of their surrogate online existence.Me, I like something a little less cerebral. Anybody know when the new Dumb and Dumber comes out?Depressing...the main character is a major loser...I don't blame people for not wanting to be around him...all of his troubles are his own fault...he is indeed, as one of the characters call him, creepy. Despite the previews, there is nothing funny in this film...it is one of the most depressing films of the year.Pretentious...remember the plastic bag floating in the air in "American Beauty"? Well, if you like that then there will be several scenes you will absolutely enjoy with this film! Hmmm...staring at oil stains on the ground? Watching steam arise from a manhole cover? They come on as non-sequiturs but I am sure the director was making what he probably considers a great statement.Over-indulgent...2 hours long! There is a scene where "sex" takes place between he and "her" and the screen goes black and SILENT for what feels like TWO minutes. It was an awkward moment sitting in the theater with nothing happening on the screen! Also, after about 75 minutes, the ending seems to be in reach but the director drags the story on for another 45 minutes!Back when THE TWILIGHT ZONE episode TO AGNES WITH LOVE showed antisocial, lust- burdened geek Wally Cox falling hard for his female-voiced computer, it probably seemed pretty bizarre since office-sized computers weren't exactly a commodity...Skip to the early eighties with the obscure movie ELECTRIC DREAMS: since PC's had barely taken off, it was downright extraordinary that a talking computer would behave in a humanly if diabolical fashion...But the last twenty years with Internet chat rooms, social networks, dating websites and the navigating Siri herself, having a physically benign relationship via machine isn't entirely far-fetched. And in the near-future world, brought to life by writer/director Spike Jonze, it's an all too normal occurrence.Joaquin Phoenix plays Theodore, a lonely writer working at a job perfectly suited for quirky art-house fare: writing actual letters for other people by speaking into a computer. But things happen after Theodore gets home. Brooding through a divorce, he downloads a brand new operating system, OS1, which includes the girl of his dreams, Samantha, a computer taking care of just about every task, voiced by a soothingly silky-toned Scarlett Johansson.The setup is intriguing. Theodore and Samantha get to know each other as he ventures outside and, with a camera in his phone and hearing her voice from an earpiece, she can view the real world: from outdoor malls to beaches to the wilderness, Samantha experiences life while not only saying the right things things but singing and composing music to fit each location and mood. An intriguing premise is hindered by the relationship seeming way too normal – to Theodore and just about everyone else. Since he admits outright to having a personal relationship with an OS, there's no mystery or guilt involved with such a unique concept. Not only that but Phoenix, no stranger to intense/bizarre characters, isn't given a chance to shine in his usual askew light. And the sappy, downright embarrassing scenes where Theodore and Samantha confess their mutual adoration is like overhearing a smitten couple whispering sweet nothings, making the audience a third wheel which ultimately goes flat. Perhaps if, like 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY, Samantha got real dirty we'd have a relationship worth the experience. FATAL ATTRACTION goes viral would beat this searing hipster flick with more naval-gazing theme than plot line. Although there is one particular "baby alien" on Theodore's virtual realty game console that, like the sassy, foul-mouthed teddy bear TED, would have made a much more unpredictable, entertaining sidekick.What people may find in this movie I can not understand;you experience endless closeups of Mr. Phoenix talking with his supposed OS, and saying things so banal and so boring that you want to just close your eyes or , even better, leave the theater.I suppose it was meant to be clever, sentimental, atmospheric, beautiful, but I found it unbearable.I really wasn't expecting the movie to be that bad with all the prizes and the reviews it receives, and the director whom I never considered great but promising yes.It just makes me wonder how people liked the film.I'm not raging against it;it was just an experience I would very much like to have avoided.I was fooled into watching this by the 8.5 rating on IMDb....What a waste of time. I downloaded this and felt ripped off. I'm not even trying to be funny with what I'm writing, it was genuinely a slow, boring, non-event of a movie. The plot was clichéd and pretentious not to mention it's cringeyness and predictability. Drab, grey, dull, etc... I just can't get my head around why this is so highly rated, none of its attempted messages were lost on me or anything yet I still found it terrible. Acting and all that, well it was as good as it could have been for such a dire script/plot/whatever you want to call it. I just want my 2 hours back. Eurgh.So the guy falls in love with a piece of software. This loser wanders around aimlessly, unable to have a meaningful relationship with a living person. His character is so boring, so lifeless, so inane you just want to scream at the screen. I actually did. Several times. Meanwhile, his OS is being unfaithful. When he finally figures it out, he is so weak that he can't bring himself to call up Microsoft or Apple and get another operating system. One that is actually useful. Heck, even Linux would be an improvement at this point. At the end I was hoping that he would hurl himself off the top of the building, taking his pathetic neighbor with him. Curses - foiled again. This, too shall not come to pass.Camera work - nice shots of anonymous impersonal cityscapes, all filled with folks endlessly blathering onto their cell phones/computers, oblivious to the world around them.Acting - uninspired.Script - boring. I once thought Phoenix had potential. I can't believe he actually participated in this tripe.My wife and I both give this twaddle two thumbs down!Lady Gaga can sing, but i can not say therefore that was a good movie. I was waiting the whole time when the heck this movie would end. I do not recommend it.This movie is just plain bad. There must be some big payola going round this awards season. Badly written, average acting at best, all the characters are unrelatable and inlikeable. 2 hours of my life wasted. Gaga was edited out of any opportunity to really act and other actors carried her scenes on there back. Bradley Cooper just drank swore and mumbled for 2 hours. I really don't understand where all the good reviews and awards are coming from.It was well acted, directed, and the music was good. But the story is yawn. Not trying to rip anybody but I checked my watch a dozen times during this movie. It's also my opinion that the characters weren't developed properly. Introduce us to the characters and let us see who they are prior to meeting each other.Sam Elliot & Andrew Dice Clay were standouts.Toss every movie trope into a salad, add a bit of sap and you've got A Star Is Born. I wanted to love this movie but it was a total mess from start to finish. I didn't care about a single character and wasn't surprised by anything, not even the "tragic" ending. The songs were good and the acting was fine I guess (other than Gaga who was bleh) but the story was all over the place, the motivations of the characters were inconsistent and I didn't believe for a second that any of this was happening. Overall one of the worst movies I've seen in a while (and I saw both Peppermint and "Ready Player One", so...).Okay. I went and saw it because of the soft side in me (or, in other words, my wife wanted me to go see it with her .... I love her so much). I didn't know what to expect so I went in with an open mind. The first hour showed promise but the rest of the movie was kinda like the movie the "Titantic" -- You knew the boat would sink at the end. I found the F word so often said that it took away from the film. I say that word from time to time but not 74 times in two hours. And, I'm 33 years old. And, I'm not bashful. Lada Gaga is the reason for the crowded theater. If they said Stephanie Germanotta was the actor in it, the theater would have been empty. I personally like her and admire her for opening up about her mental and physical struggles. That is a great help for so many! But, this is a movie and not a lipped sync'd video. The Lady Gaga marketing didn't make up the difference for this film.One poster asked a good question: How many 10 out of 10's can fans give a movie when it isn't even released? Is this just marketing by the movie makers?Five foot two is better than this movie. Wait for a Star is Born to come out to redbox or netflix..... The restrooms will be closer and the drinks will be cheaper.I cannot believe the high review scores on this site- one even called it a masterpiece! After spending 2.25 hours watching this I can only rate it as 1/10, in other words utter rubbish, waste of time. The plot could be told in under a minute but it took the producers 2.25 hours to tell this pitiful and obvious predictable tale. The whole thing seems like a lady gaga promo video, and good for her, she has obvious talent and it's her film! The other lead character is an obvious " drink and drugs" tale but what is not explained is - WHY? What made him such a lush? He's not an appealing character but we don't know why..? She on the other hand shamelessly exploits his introduction and reputation to build HER career! The ending was obvious and far too long in coming.
If you have not seen it, dont bother, go and watch paint dry instead.Yeah, you read that headline right. I absolutely hated this cliched mess of a movie that did absolutely nothing new or interesting. I could go on and on about the specifics of the movie that I disliked (and I actually did on my blog), but I'll make an attempt to keep it brief.The first third or so of the movie was pretty good in my opinion--the characters really shined and the soundtrack was absolutely phenomenal. It was this first third or so of the movie that made me respect the love story and convinced me--even for a second--that it would be a new take on this kind of love story. Then a record producer showed up and everything went downhill. From there, every single aspect of the plot was dull, predictable, and unexciting. I wondered what the point was in staying and watching through the entire thing if I could predict it all. The characters are what ultimately got me through the movie (or more specifically Jackson, since I found Ally nearly unlikable by the end of the film).I only cried once while the other moviegoers in my theater were blubbering over every other line of dialogue. The end of the movie--where Jackson committed suicide--is the only part that got me. Other scenes were just predictable and boring to me (if well acted). The movie's commentary on the suicide ("It was HIS fault") enraged me, since it's NOBODY'S fault when someone commits suicide.Every other aspect of the movie (with the exception of the aforementioned soundtrack and performances of the actors) is either dull or unnoteworthy. The movie clearly has nothing new to say other then new artists with crappy music deserve a Grammy. I wasn't happy I saw it and I am wholly unsatisfied with the experience. At least Gaga and Cooper have amazing singing voices.This 4th incarnation of A Star is Born featuring Bradley Cooper and Dollar Store Madonna knockoff Lady Gaga is proof yet again that there really is very little or no creativity in Hollywood in our modern times. Are filmmakers so dam lazy that they decided to reheat a classic film like mom's late night leftovers which the more times you do the taste tends to spur over time. That's what this film is like. 1 remake is fine, 2 remakes is pushing but 3 damn remakes of the original film...just toss what very little brain cells you have left in the garbage because those praising this reheated concoction are suffering from long term food poison. Sorry the Star isn't born because the Star burnt out just like mom's leftoversRemake, Rehash, Recycle and do it badly seems to be the new norm.This film has little emotional feel to it. You would get more emotion from an episode of hollyoaks. Lady Gaga is pretty good in the lead role but Bradley Cooper is quite frankly a poor acrtor who has only made it because of his looks. He was just not a convincing alcoholic / drug addict. As for his direction, words fail me.
The film just doesn't flow from the get go and the script is amateurish and patchy. Don't waste your money on this turkey.This movie is atrocious beyond words, and the first movie from which I've ever walked out (an hour and 17 minutes into it). The session was full of giggling middle-aged women, wetting themselves with anticipation - I cannot believe this book and movie has appeal. Are women really so bored, so desperate, that this is what gets them off?? The acting was appalling - I guess that's the end of Ms Johnson & Mr Dornan's careers. And I wouldn't be surprised if the actors who refused the role of Christian Grey are secretly relieved they had the sense to reject it! The script was laughable. No chemistry between the two leads. As for the 'eroticism'.....it was completely lacking. Stilted, awkward, poor cinematography, cheesy scripting. Just terrible. Do not waste your time or money with this."Fifty Shades of Grey" is based on a badly written book, so why someone thought they could make a decent film out of it is beyond me. Actually I don't think anyone believed they could make a good film, the producers just wanted the money that would come in from all people who for reasons known only to themselves read the book.I had a free ticket and I had to go in order to do a story on it. Bottom line, I'm not doing a story on it.Okay, here's the problem, and this is what breaks my heart. We no longer know what good or great is. I am no follower of Ayn Rand, but in The Fountainhead, she predicted the rise of mediocrity, mediocrity being considered great and the norm we shoot for. It only stands to reason that at this point, some things can't even rise to that sad level. This isn't mediocre, it's pathetic. I can't believe there are people complimenting the actors. But then I can, because they have come to accept mediocrity. Something I fight against with all my heart.There is one other problem. The book sucked; in order to like it, one had to use his or her imagination. The success of this book lay in the fantasy aspect. Sometimes imagination is more powerful than just about anything and can give you an erotic experience. This film doesn't fulfill the most inane imagination, let alone someone who really has a wild and creative one. The only fantasy it can give you is how fast you can get out of the theater.There were people around me laughing. The ones who weren't left, and from what I found out in the lobby, actually demanded and got their money back. When was the last time you saw people leaving a movie in the middle? I'm not sure I've ever seen it, and I'll guess I've been going to movies longer than a lot of you.I lament the loss of artistic soul, of creativity, of going for the best. I miss the days when Billy Wilder was a writer and a filmmaker. What are we left with but a horrible book written on a first grade level and the resulting bad movie.I don't want to spoil a lot, so ill just give ratings with a brief description on certain elements of this so-called "film".Acting; 3/10. The acting was misplaced, awkward.. not to look at. At least convince us you're an intense guy, Mr. Grey. Plot: 1/10. that wasn't a plot for a normal movie, it was a plot for soft-core porn.. which had as terrible acting in it as real porn. Camera work/scenery/etc. 7/10 for what it is.. great camera work i guess and good sceneryRomance; 2/10. I've seen the notebook... that's romance. This is a poor attempt to romance. It tries to tell you they're madly in love, but it's just a weird sexual relationship.Drama: 1/10. there is no thrill.. no intense things going on. There is no drama in this soft-core-erotic-drama. "The deeds" 10/10.. they did it. so.. can't give it any lower points than this. Overall, it's was horrible acted, plot-less, non-romantic nor drama movie about a girl being horny and the guy doing an attempt of BDSM, which comes down to.. soft-core.. almost nothing different than normal sex with bondage.. boring sh*t. on that note, go watch the kings man; secret service. that's one of the best action movies i've seen in a while!Okay. So I have not read the book, (being a male), and I went with one of my female friends who HAD read the book, (and she said she had enjoyed it) -- although having said that, she had read it a number of years ago. We paid our money and we took our seats. The film began; and I have to say that the wooden acting, the cruddy screenplay, the corny dialogue, the ridiculous script, the highly improbable storyline, were all just TOO much for us! (And not just us it seems! As we could hear titters from the audience at large as well coming from dialogue within the story that were supposed to be serious scenes -- so not just us I hasten to add)...We gave it half an hour and then I leaned over to my friend and said "Do you think there's any chance they will give us our money back?? What do you think to it?" -- and thank God she replied, "Oh thank Heavens you said that; I can't stand it another minute! Lets just get outta here!!!!!!! It's just terrible".We got our money back. We complained it was nothing like the book and that we demanded a refund as had only seen half an hour of the movie, and hey presto they refunded my credit card! No questions asked! I give this rubbish 1 star; and that was for the pretty outdoor scenery! Don't waste your time with it -- it is Hollywood at it's worst.You simply can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear. The book was unquestionably the worst piece of writing I'd ever encountered, so what the hell were they thinking in making this rubbish? Apart from the tedium of the plod (read plot), the script is cobbled together with hollow dialogue, countless use of retch-inducing signifiers and cliché, a complete lack of chemistry between the characters and predictable scenarios and outcomes at every turn. I got the feeling throughout the film that both these actors were desperate to get off the set, go home (but certainly to separate houses), drown their shared humiliation with a stiff drink or ten, and set fire to their contracts. Woeful book. Woeful film. Don't waste your money on this drivel. There are Fifty Reasons to STAY AWAY.I was in the mood for a great film about a young girl who meets a successful and seductive businessman with sexy results. This was not the case. This film was purely awful. No one can blame me for not being in the right frame of mind for the cinema, as some reviewers are. They see a film and end up having a bad night and they put the entire blame on the film, this is not the case for me. I was in a positive frame of mind, and really in the mood to see what I thought would be a somewhat good if not better than mediocre film.This film is about two people who have no chemistry "falling" for each other. "Falling" like off a three story balcony leaving you without the use of your legs for the rest of your life. I'm just going to be blunt. This film is about GLORIFYING DOMESTIC VIOLENCE and a little girl in over her head who tolerates it. The man in the relationship, Chris, in a career-ending performance portrayed by Jamie Doormat, is a control-freak who must be in control in everything he does, including the life of his BDSM buddy, Ana.Not only does he creep onto her, HE BEATS HER, non-consensually while they have intercourse, he stalks her, HE INTIMIDATES HER and he shows no love for her. If this were any other film, he would be the antagonist. If you're in the mood for a movie that shows what true love is, I suggest you see Mrs. Doubtfire, as that film is about a loving family man who shows his dedication and support to his wife, even after they are separated, and his children, by dressing up as an elderly female babysitter. 50 Shades of Brown gets 1/10 stars from me as I am unable to give A BIG FAT ZERO.Sorry but I can't get over Jamie Doran.. I mean he comes from playing a serial killer in the Fall (who tied up women and murdered them) to .. Well. 20 mins of sex. The movie is boring and predictable. The fine line between abuse and pleasure is so thin it's almost non- existent. Lacks any of the raunch or controversy promised, and is instead tiresome, banal and as thinly plotted as a porn. I haven't read the book.. and I have to say I didn't finish the movie. I don't think i missed much by leaving 20 mins early, but it was just boring. If a man had written the book he would probably have been jailed. Its beyond understanding what people see in the book/movie. Unless all the women I know are telling me lies and secretly want to be tied up and abused by a perverted man.Another sad movie with a generic plot with the Mary Sue / Gary Sue relationship. A relationship so horrid that it reaches a limit when rape is involved. This book turned movie is a mere reminder that 'Hollywood' will create anything without investigating the rather obvious 'unusual behavior' -- which, lets be honest here, isn't unusual until you put a married man and a girl who cannot bite her lip for the life of her in the same room. It is more than evident there is no chemistry on set, and off set. Jamie, you could have done so much better. Dakota, no, just no. Thank you, EL for your horrible outlook on BDSM and your plagiarized mistake of a 'book'. You truly have given writers everywhere a reason to wish they'd never written, and a reason as to why actors never wish to take part in anything that relates to this horrible mess of a movie.When the end credits began to roll, I was given a fleeting look by the people sitting next to me in the cinema. They were probably checking to see if I was still alive; such was my horror and, quite frankly, disbelief, I had not moved from the same position for at least an hour. A wide-opened mouth, bulging eyes and clenched fists on the armrests at my sides. No, I was not enamoured with the movie. No, I did not find the scenes of bondage shocking. I had simply lost the will to live. One might remember a famous novel by a famous author, '1984'. Until I walked out of that movie house, I didn't know what had spurned Orwell's mind in the creation of his dystopian society, but now I have a vague idea. Orwell wasn't afraid of being stalked by the government - he was terrified that future society would become the way it is today. I'm not referring to high-octane sexual fantasies, because we all have our own desires and it's not my place to judge. No, what Orwell envisaged, surely, is acting so terrible, movies so poorly made and producers so incompetent, that the likes of Hitchcock and Bogart are probably turning in their graves. With laughter. Fifty Shades of Grey is a mediocre work by a laughable author of FanFiction, meaning that without the abysmal Twilight series, the TRULY abysmal movie that I have suffered through today could not have existed. Someone get me a DeLorean and a Flux Capacitor; it's time to right a few wrongs.There is only one sure-fire way to improve this catastrophe and that is, quite literally, with fire. Burn it. Burn it all to ash and spread the cinders across the resting ground of Cthulhu. Without this worthy sacrifice, surely the monster will rise up to wreak havoc upon us deserving mortals. All in all, I have only one recommendation for the people who will, inevitably, be dragged (ironic term, given the movie) to the cinema/theatre to watch this complete abomination: therapy. Years and years of therapy. But avoid the groups. Once you see Mr. Grey's 'desires' for yourself, you'll probably be afraid to stand in the same room as another human being for, oh, several hundred millennia.And there's worse to come: rumours talk of a trilogy, to keep things up to speed with the 'books'. What's that sound? Oh, it's just the splatter of the blood I'm currently weeping. I'm sure that's unrelated...Right? Guys? Oh...As an active member of BDSM community, and having been a part of it for six years, I am appalled by the 'blockbluster romantic movie' that everyone deems to be 'romantic'. You take a Mary Sue - also known as Dakota Johnson to whom lacks the ability to a) bite her lower lip in a 'sexual' manner', let alone say her lines as if she's been acting for several years ( lets be honest here, she cannot act ) / Gary Sue - seen as the bearded wonder that was Jamie Dornan, a married man outside of his acting career with a child - situation that holds no evidence of sexual tension. The inability to further deepen the bond between Dominate and submissive was, how does one say it, horrible in effort. What appeared to be every 'womans' dream man became a man known for raping a woman purely because of his night terrors, a man to whom devoted taking the idea of BDSM and creating abuse rather than listening and allowing for someone - mind you, who had no sexual ID or preference until meeting him - who was about as 'vanilla' as the ice cream itself, to study and look at the idea of BDSM. To those whom have taken the books route and ventured into the dark abyss that is Wikipedia to figure out what BDSM is, needs to be caned. The author, herself, takes an already published series turned movie, and makes it into her own idea. A 26 year old billionaire? Unlikely in this day and age with the way the economy is. A college student with a rather unnerving need to say 'oh my' every other second? Really? Is THIS what writing as the point of view of a woman has come down to? It seems like, although we argue against it, and we say that we don't condone it, that the women whom have read this book, have seen this movie, will and have ignored that there is rape, non consensual sex, and heavy amounts of verbal and emotional abuse. Who really wants a man who is going to control their eating habits, sleep schedule and more? Certainly not I. To be frank, everyone knows this movie is going to gross millions upon its release; why? Because everyone is all hyped up to see a movie with little to no chemistry, to find that the 'unusual behavior' is just another way of life. We magnify all the little things in the world that we've yet to uncover, but BDSM should never be something in the movies, should never be written; especially by women in their 'mid life crisis' age with no idea what the sensation of a crop lashing at skin feels like.If you want good BDSM, or to understand it, there are people willing to discuss it, websites you can go on - although extremely sexual in nature - to figure out what true BDSM looks like, what it sounds like. When this book was written, it was evident that EL James did not do her own 'research'.All in all, it's a movie with no plot, with no true build to it with horribly written characters and nothing more. So why spend nearly good money seeing this sad mistake when you can spend that money on getting something to eat and staying inside? Complete and total thumbs down to the movie, the book, the series, and to the author.The movie portrays First Officer William Murdoch in a way that is totally contrary to the truth but instead suits a particular propagandist position. This is both immoral and grossly hurtful to Murdoch's descendants. No wonder the Chinese government recommended the movie to their people. It amazes me how modern American filmakers seem to delight in tearing down the society and values they have grown up in. The film is an insult to all those passengers and crew who showed such tremendous courage in the face of a horrific death. In reality it was NOT two 90's style teenagers who were the heroes of the Titanic.Hmm, I wonder what happened at the end? I must have watched 6/8 of this film before washing the dishes seemed a more appealing chore. Many actors can perform convincingly in period films, but this cast did not convince me at all that they were anything but 1990s actors with 1990s dialog trying to look like people from the 1910s. The script was inane, leaving the viewer with only special effects for interest. In the very-near future, when high-tech special effects no longer dazzle audiences, this moneymaking venture will be re-evaluated. I'll give it a 2/10 in order to be fair to the special effects staff, who clearly labored the hardest on this film and deserve some credit.Titanic:Number one box office takings of all time, by a mile. Special effects better than any other movie, ever.And nowhere to be seen on the IMDB voters' top 250.Why the disparity? Because Special Effects do not a Movie Make, and cannot cover the cracks in the pedestrian plot and the cardboard characterisation.The ultimate reputation of this film has been sunk not by an iceberg but a similarly immovable object; the judgment of movie-lovers.Despite the millions it may have raked in, I'm sorry, this is one of the absolute worst movies I have ever seen.  Not that I don't think all the praise in the world for the technical side shouldn't be heaped upon it, the visual effects were undisputably stunning, but this is Hollywood at its worst : pure candyfloss.  Completely contrived, sugarcoated and poorly-written, Titanic is a waste of any thinking viewers' time.I believe that Titanic is the most over-rated movie of all time. Its plot is un-original (boy meets girl, falls in love, than heartbreak), its script is un-original and its acting is mediocre. The only reason its #1 in money is: The titanics fame, and teeny bopper girls that watch it over 30 times in the theatre during its release. If everyone only watched it once, it would probably be in 15th or 20th place. Atleast there can't be a sequal!The producers and writers of Titanic obviously believed they'd bore and alienate the targeted teen and twenty-something audience to the point of losing them if the characters had the attitudes, mannerisms and style of speech that was appropriate for the time, so they had Jack (Leonardo Dicaprio) and Rose (Kate Winslett) speaking contemporary dialogue in a contemporary style, or at least contemporary for '97. A young man in 1912 would not say, "You seem more like an indoor girl." Aside from a certain hostile type of mental patient or the most outrageous and anti-social bohemian agitator, young adults in 1912 did not repeatedly tell their elders to shut up. The creators of the film are counting on what they perceive to be the teen and young adult's lack of knowledge or interest in the values and social customs of the very early 20th century. Since they want the audience to get swept away by the drama and romance of Jack and Rose they want them to relate to everything about them. I remember that this was billed as somewhat of a a fantasy re-imagining of a real event, but this type of historical revisionism, I think, in which human behavior is simply made more familiar, is an insult to any viewer with a 3-digit I.Q. One continuity problem that really gets me is how, when the ship is sinking and Jack and Rose are still inside, the water level is lower and the water becomes calmer around them every time they have a conversation. Again, the makers of the film don't want the reality of the disaster to encroach on, or distract us from, the passionate young romance they're trying to draw us into. Clearly the creators of the film think that the romance is a bigger draw for a major segment of the audience than the story of an enormous disaster that killed over 1,500 people and I'm sure they're right, but often when true and fictional stories exist in the same movie, one weakens the impact of the other, and it's certainly true in this case. I haven't seen the new 3D version but I assume the only change is the 3D effect. This is a bland, pandering, intelligence-insulting and epically overrated epic.Can we say predictable?  Can we say simplistic?  Can we say a badly told love story with NOTHING new that exists only to fill time before a roller coast sfx show happens?  Can we say 3 hours of annoying drivel written by hacks hammed up by "beautiful" media darling actors?We don't have to say any of this.  Cameron did it for us and spent WAY too much money doing it.Perfect 1.  Nuff said.Ok, I borrowed that phrase from a person called Red Elvis but it was too good to ignore for this formulaic recipe.Mix together a bunch of cliches. Boy meets girl. Boat meets iceberg. Add social and ethnic stereotypes by the shovel. Stir in a heap of stodgy dialogue and a lot of very good and expensive special effects.Add a million gallons of salty water and what do you get? A mess that will make you nauseous.When I went to see this film, I was expecting something truly great.  I was sadly very disappointed.  The characters were generally poorly developed, leaving me with a sickly sweet after taste, rather than a feeling of sorrow or compassion. Whilst the talent gathered (Winslet, Zane) hinted at true acting ability (they have provided far better performances in other films), the script is lacking in anything other than schoolgirl Mills and Boon. The technical effects have obviously been done to high standards, as the boat looks impressive, but that is where it ends, as the man-child DiCaprio slaughters the basest of emotional lines, as makes the romance seem cliched and below par. If you absolutely must see this film, see it on the silver screen, as the lack of grandeur which is displayed on the small screen leaves only the "acting" to behold.I will never understand the common man, and therefore will never understand the mass hysteria over this movie.  I did not care about any of the passengers James Cameron took the time to introduce us to.  In fact, we know none of the true heart-breaking tales of the R.M.S. Titanic - only the fanciful romantic tale of a spoiled brat and the only American in steerage. It is frightening to me that America embraced this movie without ever learning one bit of true history about the disaster of the Titanic.  5 will get you 10 that most of America believes there was such a jewel as the Heart of the Ocean.  We already know many fools clamored around the graves of anyone known as Jack Dawson.  Most offensive, however, are Mr. Cameron's comments at the Oscars without any regard for the 1523 lives actually lost on the R.M.S. Titanic.  Life is not a movie, and love does not conquer all.This is the only movie review I have ever written on IMDb. I watched Casablanca witch high hopes. I KNEW I was going to love this movie after hearing for years how it's "the best" and what an amazing, moving, love story it portrays. I was very excited and ready to be swept off my rear end by this classic everyone adores. Casablanca is one of the movies I disliked the most. Actually I think it's my number one most disliked movie. It's not that I don't like old movies or I have a short attention span. I've seen Gone with the wind multiple times and love it. One of my favorite movies is a *1951 Indian, BLACK AND WHITE, ROMANCE* (!!!) movie, I've also seen that numerous times. Casablanca is as boring and plain as a movie can get. It's 102 minutes of nothing interesting happening AT ALL. Gone with the wind is a slow movie that needs patience to watch but lots of interesting things happen, there is a traceable story line and the characters are not plain and one-dimensional like in Casablanca. What happens in this movie? Is there anything interesting happening at all that anybody can point out to? I don't think so.It's just 102 minutes of random boring people talking about random boring stuff. When I read good reviews of Casablanca I have never seen or heard anyone point out to anything interesting actually happening in this movie. Just how pretty Ingrid was, how cool Bogart was, how well done the movie is, how impeccable the acting is, silly meaningless quotes like "here's looking at you kid" and just that it's a "timeless classic". I just think this whole Casablanca thing is a gimmick and a case of "the emperor's clothes". There is nothing to be well acted or well done because there is nothing happening during the whole movie. I think it would be way more interesting to just film random conversations between random people in bars.And the love story between the two main protagonists has to be the least believable I've ever seen. I enjoy and get emotionally moved very much by a love story, it doesn't even need to be very good. I cry when I read Hans Christian Andersen's "The Steadfast Tin Soldier" for eff's sake. There is absolutely zero chemistry between the two main actors. Their "love story" is completely artificial, superficial and there is zero emotion portrayed. They seem to be acquaintances at best, not even friends, not to mention lovers. I've seen better simulated "attraction" or "love" in porn dialogues than in Casablanca. No, forget that, I can detect more love and attraction when two butterflies dance together or I see rabbits mating. I'm not even kidding or exaggerating.This movie made me feel nothing at all, absolutely nothing except boredom. It's unique in this particularity. There is no other movie I can remember that made me feel NOTHING AT ALL. Bad movies at least amuse me. Casablanca is completely devoid of any emotion. Casablanca is the cinematic equivalent of a mouthful of sand. There was no character I could empathize with in the slightest way as there were no real, humane characters to empathize with. Just artificiality. I'm completely mesmerized about how can people adore this movie so much. It's boring, plain, bone-dry, story-less and features the least believable love stories I have ever seen. Excuse me, I'm not a connoisseur like you Casablanca lovers, but I have common sense. And common sense tells me a movie doesn't have to be necessarily very "entertaining" but it needs to be ENJOYABLE, reasonably ENGAGING and just in the least to have some INTERESTING things happening. Casablanca has none of this things in the slightest. Please leave aside your love for this movie, imagine for one minute you don't know who Ingrid and Bogart were and this movie was completely unknown. You've never heard a thing about this movie your entire life and you just watch it not knowing anything about it or the actors. Would you enjoy it? I guarantee you would be bored out of your mind. That is why it is not a "TIMELESS" classic. Here's two movies I would consider timeless classics: Papillon and The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. Not this bore fest. I would give Casablanca a negative rating if I could.Why is this film considered so brilliant? How can it be a classic? It is just another shallow, formulaic, cliche-laden Hollywood love-story, typical of pre-war Hollywood. For me this film is almost undistinguishable from that other 'great' romance of the time, the nauseating 'Gone With the Wind'. At least Casablanca doesn't go on for several hours. The usual plot of old lovers reunited after many years, once again in some Hollywood interpretation of a gratuitous exotic location. Bogart looks depressed, Bergman looks pretty. And that's about all there is to it. No depth of thought or character. Flat, commercial acting from the leads, even flatter and more commercial direction and script. If you like old movies from the 40s, why not watch Citizen Kane? There's considerably more thought and originality there.And I've never understood why people think the lines "Here's looking at you kid" or "Play it again, Sam" are *so* quotably witty.So I finally got around to watching Casablanca, one of the greatest movies ever made, or so I've always heard. Does it live up to its hype? In a word, no. It was maudlin and melodramatic; Ingrid Bergman was homely, no matter how many softening effects were used in the close-ups of her face (did a rodent gnaw off the sides of her nose? To say nothing of that masculine jawbone and those underdeveloped lips...); Humphrey Bogart was about as slick and charismatic as the Hunchback of Notre-Dame; and the story was undisguised war propaganda. One would have to have the mental age of 5 to think this movie was in any way great. Watchable, yes, but not great, and certainly not deserving of being on the IMDb top 250.The movie was fast-paced, which was both good and bad: good because it would've been unbearable to watch otherwise, and bad because it didn't give the viewer time to get attached to any of the characters (which is just as well, since as I've said, it was war propaganda and so the less effective, the better).Apart from a few good one-liners and patches of clever dialog, the only other positive thing I can say about it is that it was technically well made, in particular the lighting and the dynamic camera work (though I'm not personally a fan of this style of camera work, as I find it detracts from story and atmosphere). It was, however, irritating how the lighting would change whenever there was a close-up on somebody's face. What was the purpose of this? To try to mesmerize the viewer? Talk about corny.If you've never seen Casablanca before, don't feel you have to, because you ain't missing much, "kid." It's about as overrated as it gets.1 out of 10 stars, to offset the deranged "I'm giving it 10 stars but I wish I could give it more" reviews this cinematic mediocrity has been getting.Style?  What style?  This had no style, and the script was one cheesy line after the other.  It is the perfect soap opera, it fooled people to believe it is more than what it is.  And aside from Bogart and Bergman, the cast was overacting to an extreme. It all feels Disneyesque, with a touch of musical wannabe.  Also, I can't help but laugh at the special effects involved in this film, and the bad editing at times.  Talk about hurrying a film's production...Don't get me wrong.  I've enjoyed "The Godfather", the "Star Wars" trilogy, "Lawrence of Arabia", "Citizen Kane", "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", "A Bridge on the River Kwai", anything by Stanley Kubrick, and many others that are on the alleged "classics" list.  But this one I detest.  Burn it now, I say...This movie is one big yawn after another. It concerns an illicit love affair and a lot of sitting around doing nothing for two hours. Humphrey Bogart wears a mac and smokes while various characters mooch around trying to look war torn. I fell asleep several times during watching this cheese fest and was told I never missed a thing ( except for a few characters smoking cigarettes). Also, the ending is very contrived as Bogart is dragged to the electric chair screaming and begging. The only interesting moment is the airport departure where Bogart is hanging on to the wing of the plane as it takes off shouting:" Here's looking at you, kid!" through the window in a vain attempt to stop her leaving. The only truly enjoyable scene in the movie.Very, very overrated, Sam.I'm always baffled by the way that this film is held in such high esteem. Is this because it's old? Maybe it's because it's in black and white? Whatever the reason, it's certainly not because it's a great film. In fact this is one of the funniest films I've ever seen. Wooden acting by wooden actors on wooden sets, (what about that ridiculous cardboard aeroplane? LOL). Forget what people say about this movie. Ignore the romantic gushing. Why? Because it's just plain rubbish. It's not even good enough to be labelled a 'B' movie. Quite possibly it's a 'C' movie, if there is such a thing. Nope, they certainly don't make 'em like this anymore.This movie was not "a masterpiece", it is actually a piece of something else.  It had a weak plot, atrocious acting and a pathetic ending.  Also, it was very annoying.  Only people swayed by the almighty popular opinion would claim they like this film.Anyone with an open mind/opinion will agree that this is a horribly overrated film. Period. I am 62 and have seen this film countless times and, frankly, I just don't get all the praise-especially as a "romantic film". There is little chemistry between the two leads and "story" merely gets in the way of the rest of the film. Sorry, folks, but anyone can pick more romantic movies-"Sleepless in Seattle", "Random Harvest", "To Have and Have Not", "The Best Years of Our Lives", "Marty", etc. Heck, there is more chemistry between Hepburn and Bogart in "The African Queen" than here. Of course, I suspect that people who think "Casablanca@ is a great romantic film probably think Katherine Hepburn was a "great actress". She was great at playing variations on the same character. I like Hepburn, but "great"? Nope.OK.. I don't understand why people praise this as the best movie of all time? I just don't find anything special in this movie. The film starts real sloooooooow and I almost fell asleep waiting for Bogart's character to appear and I waited half an hour for Ingrid's character to appear. A real disappoinment!The acting is cheesy (Bogart is his usual plastic self), but acceptable considering the time it was made.  The dialogue is only good if you pretend that it's done tongue in cheek (which it isn't -- and if you are of the opinion that lines like "Is that cannon fire or the beating of my heart?" and "I can't think anymore, so you think for both of us!" are not laughable, then you are wallowing in self-denial.  I'll bet you saw Titanic more than twice in the theaters, too...)This is often called a war movie, but don't be fooled -- it's even less about war than Gone With the Wind, which is to say that there *is* a war happening, but it's largely irrelevant as a plot contrivance (which, incidentally, is entirely inaccurate from a historical prospective.  There was no such thing as a letter of transit).In essence, a glorified chick-flick which will hopefully fall away into nostalgic obscurity as my generation continually thrusts spectacular films by Kubrick (may he rest in peace), Fincher (well, Fight Club and Seven, anyway)and Ridley into the forefront.This reminded me of many of the 1970s sleazy films with tons of unlikeable characters with low morals and being portrayed by the sick scriptwriters as "good people." This movie was a favorite of of many, especially teenage girls who saw a real poor role model in Jennifer Grey's "Frances 'Baby' Houseman." Grey was extremely irritating to watch to listen to, a big pain in the butt. I laugh at some of these reviews that cite her "depth" and "dimension." Give me a break: she's a slimeball. Only a likewise immature bimbo would enjoy this movie.As bad as Grey's character is in here, Patrick Swayze's "Johnny Castle" isn't a whole lot better. He's a guy trying to seduce a teenager via his dancing prowess. That's all we need to see in that age of child sex molesters on the web and who knows where else. At least she was 17 so I guess the filmmakers felt that was old enough.From the sex-obsessed leads, to abortions, to the father changing his mind and giving approval to this male scum, this script offers nothing redeemable. "Baby" has no clue about anything and is one of the dumbest characters ever seen on film. I am not surprised to read about so many reviewers who thought this was "cool" when they were young and stupid, but now that they are a lot more mature, look at this film again almost in shock at how bad it looks to them now. Good for them; at least they've grown up.Those who made this movie were like: "You know what would be AWESOME?! If we've made a movie with 80's style and music but check now set in 60's hahaha amazing right!" And others were like that's the best idea ever! So they made this.I just read a number of user reviews, and all I have to say is that "You're all sick!!!"  This lamebrained, terribly scripted, terribly constructed, terribly acted movie is your "Favorite Movie of All Time?"This is the movie that made me avoid "Ghost" for over a year (definitely a mistake), because after seeing this, I incorrectly assumed that anything with Patrick Swayze in it was just going to be BAD.The story's been told before (repeatedly, I might add).  Even if the story hadn't been told before, every aspect of the movie is completely predictable.  Most of the dialogue is more laughable than most spoofs of "Star Trek" (at least when those people are spoofing Shatner as Kirk, they're "trying" to be funny).  And the acting--ugh, even if the dialogue wasn't so bad, most of the principals are so wooden you could use them as surfboards.The dancing scenes--okay, they were pretty good.  But unless you're Kelly, Astaire, or Rogers, dance scenes do not a good movie make.I can see people being entertained by this movie.  I really can (just not me).  But to call it your favorite movie of all time? AAAARRRRGGGHHHH!Dirty Dancing is in my opinion a dreadful, cheesy movie. I disliked it the first time I saw it and my opinion of it has not changed since then! It is a badly directed and produced film and far to sickly sweet. It is an awful movie which for some strange reason was very popular despite its awfulness. Even the song 'The Time of Our Lives' is dreadful, Middle Of the Road bland 80's pop-bad music for a very bad film! If you have any taste whatsoever DO NOT watch this movie!I have never understood the popularity of this movie. Terrible acting, stupid storyline, unlikable characters (and no, it's not a generational thing, because I'm the same age as Jennifer Grey). It's just a ridiculous movie, plain and simple. That's all.This is one of those movies that I will never understand how anyone with half an amount of common sense would ever like. I was once convinced to watch this movie with a certain girlfriend who was thoroughly upset and unable to understand how I could say it was AWFUL. And yes. I am ashamed enough to admit that I really have seen it.Painfully. ALL of it. The "love" story itself is straight cheesy and pathetic, but however, one can come to expect this in the case when a movie like this is made to fit in a specific genre like "chick flicks". So I can cope with that. I myself am a sucker for good (emphasis on GOOD) romantic movies. But this. This specimen clearly trashes all conception of what a love story SHOULD be.1. Patrick Swayze as a macho stud/tough guy does not work.2. Patrick Swayze as a macho stud/tough guy who dances competitively does not work.3. The dialog in this movie is terrible. I need only point out the part in which Baby asks Johnny if he has "had many women". Ladies. If you feel the need to ask a question such as this you already know the answer regardless of what is said in response. 4. The part that REALLY gets me. The above scene in which Baby hops in bed with Johnny IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWS another scene in which Baby has witnessed another character that is her female friend having gone through (what is assumed to be) an abortion(or painful complications). You get my point. It defies and basically destroys any sort of good character that this film tries to present.Now I understand this movie is a product of the late 80's. So I will accept that as responsibility for SOME of it's major flaws. But realistically, the only good thing I can say about it is the job that was done compiling the soundtrack. Go buy it. It is honestly outstanding. But this remains the sole gem among a large heaping of disgusting trash that everyone just seems to keep digging into and claiming it's really good stuff.For the sake of sparing yourself a waste of 100 mins that could be used doing otherwise useful (and enjoyable) things, I advise you to avoid this movie at all costs. It is certainly not what others crack it up to be, regardless of what they tell you. And in case you do end up seeing it...just know you were warned.Dirty Dancing is plot lacking, the acting is horrid, and the dialog is absolutely pathetic.  I'm sorry to hurt any true fans of the movie, but after I was told how wonderful it was, I was completely let down.  I will say one nice thing about it, the dancing was nice.. i guessI'm not sure I'll ever understand why such a vapid, inane, and formulaic movie got so popular.  I understand it has something to do with immature females who think this is quality romance. The dry sex to music is just annoying and the lead character is named Johnny Castle.  For a real movie with real romance watch Casablanca.OMG this has to be the crappiest film of them all. I mean it has to be seen to be believed. Who in their right mind would want to spend their summer at a camp with a bunch of sexually repressed twits and old ladies who can't dance? Almost seemed like an asylum.So what do we have here? A macho boy who can dance....a dumb cute spoiled girl who can't....another girl who can dance but finds out she is pregnant and can't dance with macho boy in the dance-off....nerd son of the owner of the resort who has the hots for dumb spoiled girl....clueless sister of dumb spoiled girl....Macho dancing boy teaches dumb spoiled girl to dance as good as him (yeah right)....both macho boy and dumb girl fall in love and do the dance-off and live happily ever after. Instant classic.....yeah rightI regret that I actually sat through this yawnfest twice. The second time was only because some kid in my acting class told me he had a cameo, so I rented it again just to watch for him ...At any rate, I found it to be a major disappointment. The script was cheesy, the plot was bland, and the "Grand finale" dance scene was "just okay." Certain elements of the storyline were unbelievable...The "ugly duckling" goes to the Catskills with her family, and falls for a handsome dance teacher...who falls in love with her. BUT her dad believes this guy A) got his dance partner pregnant (just because he was helping the girl...) and B) Stole some stuff (because an envious Matron set him up...)Even if he wasn't a thief, WHY would she even like this guy?? I mean he's a good dancer, but would YOU want a guy who slept around with wealthy older women? you could catch something. I kept thinking, if everyone would just come out and say the truth in this movie, there wouldn't be 500 misunderstandings going on at once.THe parts of the story that could have been played up were played down, and vice versa. None of the characters were endearing. At all. I felt empathy for no one. Baby was bland, her sister was a brat, Johnny was a revamping of Swayze's "Outsiders" character except for the dancing, and the late great Jerry Orbach was reduced to a cardboard cut-out character of a domineering father. Such injustice!Avoid this one like the plague.After sitting through this film, I have decided that it is one of the WORST movies I have ever seen. I knew it the moment I was subjected to three teenage girls screaming and overacting when they (OMG!) meet again, and then watching the same thing, only done by women old enough to be my mom. And that was only the first few minutes. Yeesh. So here are my comments...1. Middle aged women + ridiculous dance moves complete with hip thrusts and over the top costumes = not a good idea.2. Pierce Brosnan could not sing his way out of a paper bag. Nor could practically anyone else in this pile of excrement, for that matter.3. The songs were so random. It was obvious to me that they were thrown, willy nilly, into the incredibly contrived and STUPID plot.4. My three year old nephew could have written a better script.I was either cringing or laughing derisively during the movie. And I normally really like movie musicals. Of course they are bound to be a bit corny...but this was ridiculous. What a waste of talent. I mean, you have great actors and actresses in this movie...I am embarrassed for them that this is now a part of their career. I regret wasting my money and time on this piece of crap.I don't know where most of you were at, but where I watched the film we didn't have people singing as some have told they experienced, we had people laughing, mostly at the campy plot line, the horrible dance sequences and the singing of the likes of Brosnan. The only people in the audience who seemed to be enthralled with the film were the seventies generation folks who were some how reliving the past with the songs. I was a DJ in the seventies and even went to the ABBA concert at Northlands Coliseum in Edmonton in Sept of 79, so I did appreciate them then and I still do now. But this film should have gone the same way as their marriages and ended in divorce. The sequences were so poorly staged, the dubbing and editing absolutely horrible and this has to be Meryl's worst production. I cannot believe an academy award winner would stoop so low as to do this piece of garbage. So save your money, wait for it to come out on DVD and then maybe spend your money on something better, like cat litter.I love musicals, all of them, from joyous Oklahoma, to Poignant Porgy and Bess, to the touching romantic "Damn Yankees." And I know most of the songs, sometimes singing them spontaneously, with a crowd or humming them alone.In a "real" musical, as differentiated from this vaudeville show, every song is painstakingly crafted to fit the exact moment. It is an expression of sadness, regret, love, joy or exaltation--a natural extension where mere words fail. So, in Guys and Dolls, "My Time of Day" describes the adventurous life of Sky Masterson as it is about to be compromised by the most unlikely woman. Every song in this brilliant exemplar of the genre sets a mood, or develops a character, creating a phantasmagoria of place, turned absolutely believable by the self disclosing evocations of song.For this lover of the Broadway Musical, and their adaptations to the screen during the last half of the 20th century, Mama Mia is somewhere between satire and a cruel fun house distortion of the genre. There, the songs of these musicals advanced the often elaborate, often delightful, plot lines. While here, the songs, simply picked up from a collection, only interfered with the shaky premise of the film.Perhaps most of those viewers who are making this film into a monumental success simply have no exposure to the art form of 20th century Musicals. They have no idea of the magic performed by writer and lyricist that can turn a dance hall floozy into someone whom we know and love, as achieved in "Sweet Charity."Let me offer an apology for the arrogance of this review. Perhaps, another day, another mood, I could have gotten into it, and not have been so critical in this review.But I can't help but imagining what Richard Roger, Oscar Hammerstein, Cole Porter, Irving Berlin and so many others could have done even with with this silly premise. I think about it, while the memories of seeing this film is fresh, and I can not help but to mourn the great loss.When Dante, Faust, Nietzsche and Kafka wrote about the solitude and despair of human existence, this is what they were actually writing about. Sitting there watching this movie made me feel alone in the world with no hope of rescue but for the inevitable end of this shrill musical.Do you remember when you saw a scary movie for the first time at a very early age and kept telling yourself that it was going to be over soon? Or when you looked into the closet at night and had to turn away because your mind couldn't take it? This is how I felt waiting for this movie to be over. It was simply the bottom of the barrel.I am not crazy about musicals to begin with and went to see it with two of my family members whom I knew would enjoy it on some level. I don't regret going because sometimes it's OK to see a movie with and for a friend. If you like musicals Im sure it wont traumatize you as it did me and anyway I suppose there's also nothing wrong with people singing and wanting to enjoy themselves...I just don't want to ever be a part of it if it's going to look and sound like this.This is my second review of Mamma Mia as I now have had the chance to watch it as a movie rather than a screen version of the successful stage show.I think that being eager to have the distribution rights Universal gave Judy Craymer (the producer) a free reign to make the film as she wished. Ms Craymer, with no experience of films or filming, believed that she had an epic musical on her hands. She roped in her stage director, Phyllida Lloyd, who has never made a film before and had no idea how to transform the show from the confines of the theatre onto the big screen. She also roped in her stage choreographer and many other stage crew who also have no idea of the transformation from stage to big screen and the result is an amateurish production that relies totally on the ABBA feel-good factor and a participating audience.Ms Craymer's idea was to cast big-name stars who, despite the film being a musical, had no singing or dancing abilities. If that was not bad enough, she also hired a cinematographer who had problems getting the light correct and camera angles right. Everything about the film is terrible and an embarrassment to watch at times. The screaming girls at the beginning. Brosnan looking more like James Bond in drag. Julie Walters hopelessly over-acting. Meryl Streep and Christine Baranski behaving like girl guides on their first date, despite supposedly being mature women in their 40s or 50s. The ensemble who were more like young children in a school play than professional dancers. Even in their brief cameos, Benny and Bjorn grinned at the camera as though it was the first time they had ever been filmed. Catherine Johnson's lacklustre script that sounded more like a working class play "We danced on the beach and kissed on the beach and dot dot dot!" to quote a ludicrous example. Brosnan occasionally talking as if he was on the football terraces, particularly when he cheered Meryl on during 'Souper Trouper'. Did anyone check the continuity on the film, as there seemed to be so many disjointed examples particularly whilst Meryl Streep was singing 'Mamma Mia'. At the end when the main stars were dressed in spandex suits they could not contain their laughter. When Meryl sang the moving "The Winner Takes It All", she and Brosnan stood motionless whilst the camera whizzed around in the air. The "Voulez Vous" scene when you could not even work out what was happening on screen, as the camera angles were so erratic.Even though I have seen the stage show many times, I have no wish to buy the DVD when it is released, as the film was, to put in generously, nothing other than a disastrous amateurish production and probably the worst ever transformation of stage musical to screen. Doubtless, the crew, cast, distributors, financers and ABBA are not bothered. They still got their "Money, Money, Money" and are laughing all the way to the bank.This is the worst movie I have seen in the last five years. If you think ugly Americans stinking it up in a foreign country is bad, you should see these Brits ruining a picturesque little slice of Greece. Everybody acts like they're drunk and having a grand old time-- it's excruciating to watch. Nobody can sing. Meryl Streep has done somber, depressed roles in the past that are really good, but she is just terrible in this movie. I hope this doesn't mean she has lost her ability to pick good roles for herself. This movie felt like the actors got on board because they thought it would be great fun to have a party in Greece, but they forgot they had to make a movie.I like Abba but couldn't stand the singing, Why the hell didn't they voice over the original version ?This must be a rhetorical question : "Just to prevent Agnetha and Anni-Frid from getting any cent." How generous !Next the plot : It is about a bunch of silly British people that colonize (is there any other word for people that invade other countries to bring their despicable habits and ignore the locals) a beautiful Greek island Without even trying to speak a word of Greek, they manage an hotel for British tourists. (hope the credit crunch ruined them).Go to Benidorm (Spain) and meet those morons and see how they behave there.For me it was simply painful, I had to leave the theater, my wife stayed and told me that the audience was clapping during the credits. (Expectations are quite low these times.)I think the only thing that made the success of this movie is Abba music. A computer generated musical with chimpanzees singing Abba would have succeeded as well. If you like Abba, watch Priscilla... the movie is much better.MY wife ( who never goes to movies) said lets go see Mamma Mia on our 15th wedding celebration and I unwittingly said yes. Now understand I love chick flicks like Sleepless, you've got mail etc. , but I was not prepared for this movie. I looked it up and saw comedy, Pierce Bronson etc and thought "OH OK'. I will never trust PIERCE again and will read every review before saying OK again. I was in so much pain that a person behind us asked me to stop talking during the show and I was MOANING. Meryl Streep was SINGING. Pierce was screeching. The sound volume was so loud it hurt my ears ( I am hard of hearing) . The only cast member who belonged in this movie was Christine Baranski who kept it from 0.Having avoided seeing the movie in the cinema, but buying the DVD for my wife for Xmas, I had to watch it. I did not expect much, which usually means I get more than I bargained for. But 'Mamma Mia' - utter, utter cr**. I like ABBA, I like the songs, I have the old LPs. But this film is just terrible. The stage show looks like a bit of a musical, but this races along with songs hurriedly following one another, no characterisation, the dance numbers (which were heavily choreographed according to the extras on the DVD) are just thrown away with only half the bodies ever on screen, the dance chorus of north Europeans appear on a small Greek island at will, while the set and set up of numbers would have disgraced Cliff Richard's musicals in the sixties!Meryl (see me I'm acting)Streep can't even make her usual mugging effective in an over-the-top musical! Her grand piece - 'The Winner Takes It All' - is Meryl at the Met! Note to director - it should have been shot in stillness with the camera gradually showing distance growing between Streep and Brosnan! Some of the singing is awful karaoke on amateur night. The camera cannot stop moving like bad MTV. One can never settle down and just enjoy the music, enthusiasm and characters. But what is even worse is how this botched piece of excre**** has become the highest grossing film in the UK and the best selling DVD to boot? Blair, Campbell and New Labour really have reduced the UK to zombies - critical faculties anyone???It's been a while since I've watched this awful piece of Hollywood trash, but I felt the need to contribute my point of view on why I believe Mamma Mia! is an overrated soap opera.I'll start by saying that I love ABBA. I've been a fan since my youth. Then, one day, I saw an ad on TV about this film, combining ABBA songs with a cast of actors I adore. Even though I'm not a fan of musicals (saying I generally dislike them would be an understatement), I thought, what the hell? So I watched it.I can only say that I was appalled. The first thing that hit me was the awful technicolor. It was too bright, almost like tripping on something. Then there was the singing dancing and... Acting (not that you can call it that). Meryl Streep (bless her soul) portrayed an unstable woman. And it wasn't even funny (!!!). How could she sink down like that? I was speechless. What were the directors thinking? To degrade her like that. I love her, I really do, but Meryl Streep can't sing. Or dance. And they made her do both.The other actors... Like Pierce Brosnan. Whose idea was it to give this man a singing role? He can't carry a tune. At all. It was a pain to watch.Then the plot... Predictable and boring. But one can live with that, right? I guess. But then they sang everything in the most horrible ways possible. It was fake, it was boring - a complete and utter flunk. A waste of time and sanity.Do yourself a favor and don't watch Mamma Mia! Go buy an ABBA CD and enjoy their music in its pure, delightful form.In the end, all this film has done was to (almost) ruin ABBA for me. I'll get over it one day, but it's a scar I have to bare now.It's not that I dislike romance anything but this has movie tries so hard to be some sort of acronym to the word "chick flick" that it ends up shooting you to death with it's intended love arrows. Now could it be that I can't relate the alleged lovers in this movie? I mean I wasn't born in the 30s, I'm not a soldier so I was never in any wars (haven't we seen enough WW2 stories by the way?) and of course I don't have any family as of yet. But surely the universal power love is something everyone can relate to? Especially when depicted by a movie that uses no other element to drive its plot. Think again, the definition of love shown in this film is so naive, sugar-coated and completely oblivious of anything in the real world that it makes Star Wars look like something from the Discovery channel.The so called "couple" in this film are only in love because the movie says they are, not because there's any sort of chemistry between the actors and not because the characters themselves even act like. Even Allie's alleged interest in painting felt so tacked on shallow and fake it made my head hurt. Speaking of Allie, it actually infuriates me to see the character acting like she has absolutely no control over her libido because the sex is just about the only thing the couple seems to have in common, and the only thing, aside from arguing, that they enjoy doing together. And yet this movie is supposed to be oh so romantic.It's by some small miracle that this movie got the raving reviews it did, luckily it seems most of those were given by teenage girls and their tool boyfriends (no Oscars or anything) so I don't have to completely give up on humanity yet. If one day your girlfriend suddenly shows up all lyrical about this movie and wants it to "share it with you" I'd strongly advise any guy to end that relationship pronto. Your girlfriend will obviously already have built up her own twisted fantasy of what a relationship should be like, a fantasy that no guy, live or dead, could possibly live up to. Stay away.Why this movie is rated so high is beyond me. Don't get me wrong: I'm a girl, love Ryan Gosling and was pretty much excited about watching the movie. Unfortunately, when this torture finally finished after two long and excruciating hours, I just couldn't help to think that this must've been the corniest piece of trash in the history of movie making. The lead actors in my opinion had zero chemistry, and Ryan Gosling really disappointed me as Noah. The diversity of facial expressions was basically nonexistent and the acting was bad. And what's up with the character of Noah? Was he supposed to act and sound like a psycho? Cause if he was, they did a hell of a job. Rachel McAdams was really pretty, and that's basically it. And the ending... Oh, the ending! It was so lame and unrealistic it made me gag. What's heartbreaking and sad about it is a mystery to me. I don't know, maybe I just can't see the grandness of The Notebook, but I certainly don't wish to come across it again.My wife and I watched The Notebook last night. Within ten minutes we were furious at how slow, cliché, and predictable it was. And then it just got worse and worse. It was so very very bad that we were actually drawn to watch in perverse, embarrassed horror as each scene plodded through stale, obvious dialog, and the actors tried to salvage what was obviously a terrible muddle by overacting. I can't begin to convey just how awful this movie is, in every sense. Leave aside the horrendously dull, cliché-ridden script, the terrible acting, the ham-fisted directing, the swelling tear-jerker music, and the incredibly obvious plot -- Even the freaking costumes were terrible. The fake facial hair looked like it was done by 3rd-graders. If movies are meant to fascinate, then this one did all right. I consider this the worst film I have seen in at least five years, but rarely if ever have I (and my wife) been compelled to stay all the way through such abysmal crap out of some sort of hilarious anger at how were were wasting our own time. I mean we were jumping on the couches ad screaming in warped glee as each predictable plot point was tediously checked off the director's checklist. All the way to the very last shot (in the backstory) of her coming back and them hugging in a swirl of stock sentimental string music -- OF COURSE SHE'S COMING BACK. And the front story? They, uh, die TOGETHER? My God. We could not stop howling. Was he even sick? No. He just died -- just because! Because it went with the sickeningly sweet music, I guess. Then I come here expecting to be vindicated and I find a bunch of comments by people who were actually taken in by this plodding, pathetic drivel. What in the world is up? I usually am with IMDb folks on their 7.8s, but man alive, folks, step away from the Kool-Aid.there are three things I look for in movies, quality acting, a good script, and originality of the story...this movie had none of these. Could it have been any more cliché? the only thing that impressed me was Allie's wardrobe and the car she was driving. I've seen better acting on lifetime! and so many unnecessary parts that are completely pointless. "A walk to remember" is about a hundred times better and it didn't get half the attention this movie did. If you're not aware already, it's based on a book by the same author as "the notebook". if you want to see a moving love story you'll be disappointed from this film unless you're 13...can't believe all the rave...it is not deserved...a total waste of my time...I'm sorry. This movie is one of THE Chick Flicks of our time, and I just hated it. I get angry when people begin to discuss it at parties. My eyes flash and roll, my pulse quickens, and my breath whooshes out in indignation. Rachel McAdams was absolutely brilliant in "Mean Girls", but she had no place in this role. Adorable dimples are not a good enough reason for casting. Ryan Gosling was appropriately creepy in "Murder by Numbers", but again, not right for this romantic role. Drippy dialog and weak acting aside, here was my main problem with the movie. He never tried to find her. Why did he send the letters to her home (where her disapproving mother was) instead of to her at school? Why did he never try to visit her at school or write to her at school? Why did she never try to write to him the entire time she was away at school? I could not buy the greatest love story of all times from these two, because they didn't even try. And unfortunately, neither actor won me over through the plot flaws.I can't believe someone agreed to make a film from this script. Everything is so blatantly obvious and no character goes through a journey. They are all one dimensional and boring. There is no suspension let alone any twists.Saying all this, the photography is good and the acting isn't that bad. Still this doesn't warrant 2 stars.Ah, yes, I'll just mention there are some uninspiring sex scenes and the film is also at least half an hour too long.If you want to see a great love story where you feel with he characters and don't know why or how until the end, check The English Patient."I am no one special. Just a common man with common thoughts. I've lead a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten. But in one respect I've succeeded as gloriously as anyone who ever lived. I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and for me that has always been enough."Right. Are you sure it was enough? For you still had to write a "gloriously" stupid book (and make a "gloriously" stupid movie based on it)! Not only stupid. Trite, empty, boring... A glorious disaster!The characters are dull! Noah is what? Manic-depressive? Manic in the first 5 minutes, and throughout the rest of the movie depressive. Does he even fit the elderly character (you know, the grandpa who winks to young nurses)? Of course not. On the contrary, Allie is always hysterical, and all I got to hear were her constant screams. She seems and sounds like she's trying to reanimate a dead person. (Noah?) That person would probably kill her after the outcome and then peacefully die again. I think she would do perfect in a role of the serial killer's principal victim. Explicit edition only!The music is simply unbearable!!!And what about the children? There is only one scene with the all three of them! How superficial does one need to be, to put them in only one scene, and have us believe that they are actually a big part of their grand love and happy fairy tale life? The daughter says "Dad come home, we miss you". But dad had more important issues. He loved mom so much that he had to call on the whole divine/ demonic/ extraterrestrial/ voodoo/etc gang to make them die together?! Touchy. Who cares about children anyway.And sooooooo many other bugs... Damn I don't even know why I'm writing this. I feel like one of Jeffrey Dahmer's zombies. Even that should feel better than being this numb after watching this piece of... you know what.The only good thing about this movie is Joan Allen's performance.I found this movie offensive, It's popularity is telling of the selfish delusional expectations and lack of consideration for anybody other than the couple, in fact the couples happiness should be at the expense of every other person, even when they are portrayed in good character.Unlike other "love story / chick flick" components to movies such as titanic etc, the guy she left, who she also happened to be unfaithful to, for her "true love", was portrayed as a nice guy throughout the movie. No sympathy was attributed to this guy even though his loss was at the expense of her.Another example of this was shown that the couple had 4 children ranging from young teen to adult. When the movie ended with the pair of them in bed both expiring at the same time, several people claim this was a happy event (a good way to go). Well it is for the 2 people, rather the one that would not have outlived the other and thus would not suffer the loss. However, they are not the only 2 people in the world, there were 4 children. I have had the misfortune of losing a parent. If I lost both at the same time, I don't think I would have thought that was such a happy event. This is another example of the focus on the "love / romance" at any cost to others. This happens in a lot of movies, but normally it happens less and the loss is to the "bad guy".It goes to show how most women in our society (primarily at a young age) will over value (to say the least) the "love / romance" (if you want to call it that) at the expense of anybody else's happiness - even when they are portrayed as good characters.What a predictably maudlin movie. Rather than list the clichés used here, it would be easier to list the clichés passed up.Here's one...give it 110%. This movie gives about 30% at best. The actors are sleepwalking so it seems. The only emotion in the movie (the awkward courtship/love scenes and Allie's annoying habit of squealing) are painful to watch.I only watched it to the end to make sure the two old fools died (everyone knew withing 15 minutes of the start what the situation was).Which makes it reminiscent of Titanic for me where I was hoping every minute after the first 60, that Leonardo DiCaprio would just die already....You may cry out due to complete boredom and instances of sudden outbursts of laughter due to this movie's all-round stupid and unrealistic plot. Just so sad to see two fabulous, classic actors accept supporting roles in a poorly written movie; with countless obvious mistakes, many being historical in nature; from a terrible book.I think if they had a different writing team, different researchers!, and ditched those two awful youth actors (who belong in teen flicks and those stupid giant lizard and shark movies on the Sci-Fi channel), the movie may have been good if the focus was on the late stages of their life and not the early. When they were young, it was all totally unrealistic cloudy rolls in the hay, giant rivers filled with birds and a wet sundress contest and pouty fights. But the roles Gena Rowlands and James Garner were totally different and could really make a wonder movie.The many historical flaws were very distracting. Such as her jewelry styles. The types of pearls a betrothed upper class girl at her age were totally wrong. Also the lack of progression of the fashions through the decade of their youth is wrong especially for someone w/ money.Unusually, I would say read the book, but that was just as bad. My recommendation is watch a different movie! Oh and I SO totally agree with dallas_viewer 's review! This person hit it on the nose! Also kj_justice 's review is spot on except for the Disney comment. Sappy Disney romance is one kind I always love! :-)This review may contain spoilers. You've been warned. Twilight was a terrible film adaption of a, let's face it, mediocre novel. I went into the theater with an open mind, not expecting brilliance, but expecting to be entertained. Well, I guess I was technically entertained since I laughed throughout most of the movie. Sadly, I wasn't laughing at purposely funny moments. I was laughing at the awkward "acting" of the actors and the terrible dialogue.Now this is where it gets tricky: Do we blame the screenwriter or the author? The movie made me realize just how corny the book's dialogue was. I found myself rolling my eyes, when I wasn't laughing, at every word out of the actor's mouth. Especially the dialogue between Edward and Bella. Now, the dialogue could have been over looked if the actors were able to deliver them. Alas, whoever decided to do casting for this film decided to cast every "actor" with the acting ability of a toaster. Now, a toaster is a inanimate object and therefore cannot act. Get the hint? What made me laugh the hardest was at the end of the movie when Bella's mother decides to inform Phil VIA TEXT MESSAGE that Bella is alright. I was so shocked that she was really texting him that I turned to my friend and whispered "Bella's okay, L-O-L". Really, though. Text messages? I would think that informing your potential spouse of your child's well being would warrant a phone call at least.Now, I have to point out the scene where Edward decides to flash Bella the goods. He want's to educate her in the ways of the vampire. He cannot go out into sunlight NOT because he'll burn or turn to dust, but because he turns into a failed children's art project. Reading the scene in the book I already knew whoever turned the book into a film was going to have issues with the scene. However, I really thought they'd aim for something above spraying Robert Pattinson with water then dumping craft store glitter on him. I didn't even notice the "sparkles" at first. My friend turned to me and commented "The sun hits him and he gets gross and sweaty?" because, let's face it, that's what he looked like. Damp and dirty. Oh baby, I can hardly contain myself! I could go on and nit pick at everything, but I'm just going to wrap it up and say this movie was awful and I'm disappointed in the screenwriter as well as the director. I feel like Hardwicke was too focused on making the mise-en-scene beautiful and aesthetically pleasing, which is all well and good, but in doing so she over looked her cast of actors who would probably get over looked at a high school play audition with the way they displayed their acting abilities in this movie. Though, maybe I take back the part of being disappointed in the screenwriter since you can only do so much with the source material you're handed.BRING ON THE TWILIGHT FANS! I CAN TAKE THEM! *Shields at maximum power!*I would give this movie no stars.. This movie is pathetic. I mean so pathetic. The acting was awful! The movie starts well, but once they introduce the Cullens its pretty much downhill. Ashley Greene looks good as Alice, Jackson Rathbone looks constipated as Jasper, a wooden plank would have been a more convincing Edward. Robert Pattinson deserves the Razzie, second thought, his acting is so horrible that a razzie is like honoring him. Vampires are supposed to be scary, when Edward scales trees he acts like a monkey, move over Kong! The baseball match looks like Super Mario Sluggers on steroids! Horrible..The scene where Edward glitters is pathetic. It looks someone dumped some glitter on him.. On the other hand Charlie Swan and Jacob were spot on.Over all the director tried too hard and lost it all. I strongly believe someone with more experience should direct a high profile film like this. This movie doesn't appeal as a Vampire movie or as a Romantic movie. Its pathetic.. JuryLet's face it, the movie was a total let down. I had low expectations. Extremely low but the movie disappointed me even then. The amazing love story we all read in the books was transformed into a whiny preteen nightmare. There was chemistry between Robert and Kristen, there is no denying that, but I didn't feel the need that is in the books. They are supposed to be I-can't-live-without-you, take-me-forever, I'm-devoted-to-you-always in love (Unless you want to count that one incident in Eclipse, but let's face it, most of us don't) but all I saw was a bored vampire and an indifferent girl.The one thing that made me most angry was the complete disregard for the meadow scene. It is a VERY important part in the book where they pretty much declare themselves to each other. This meadow scene lasted all of 10 seconds and consisted of them staring at each other. They changed around the timing of the movie so much that it almost made no sense. Lets face it, the book was a good story but the writing wasn't up to par. It was pretty much written to be turned into a movie and the screenwriter obviously didn't realize that.Sure, Robert was smoking hot (don't lie, you saw the ray bands) but his performance of Edward was terrible. The first time Bella walked into the Biology class, I laughed at his expression as did most people in the theater (some of them were too busy squealing). His badly-covered up English accent was also laughable.Jasper was perfect, the person that made me laugh during the movie because if you looked, not at where the camera was focused, in most scenes you could see him lurking in the background and I think it fit his character well. Carlisle was cast to a T as were Esme, Jessica, Rosalie, Emmett and Alice. They all fit their parts well even if I imagined Alice a little bouncier, Emmett a little bigger and Rosalie a bit more bitchy.Oh, the camera work. I'm not denying it, I liked the flickers between scenes at times but after a while, it can give you a headache. The insane closeups did NOT do what they were supposed to (show the intensity) instead they made me where they were half the time and realize how much makeup the actors where wearing. Every time there was a close up on Robert, it was totally obvious he was wearing contacts. Seriously, look for the line.The one thing that was actually done really well was the climax with the ballet studio and James. The fight scene was pretty cool and I totally believed that James wanted to kill Bella right there. But, with every up there is a down. After James is killed and They are taking care of Bella, why couldn't Edward have been more upset? It's written right in the book that he all but cries when he sees her.The movie was hyped up to an extreme so it was obvious it would be a let down, I just didn't know how bad it actually was. I don't get why they couldn't do little things that would have made it a bit better; The biology class incident? Bella wearing blue? Why the hell did James have to bite her arm instead of her hand? Would that have been SO hard to change? All in all, go see it if you are a Twilight fan but be weary. If you aren't, stay away because you will not understand a thing that is going on. As I said in my title, somewhere, Edwards is rolling over in his hypothetical coffin (yes I know they don't sleep in coffins, or sleep period for that matter, but that's why it's hypothetical)The only reason I never read Twilight when it first came out, long before it was popular, was because I read a book review stating that it was a clichéd and traditionaltwo things that I hate more than anything. The only reason I watched the movie was so I could actually understand what the vast majority of America was talking about when they raved about it. I came with low expectations and an open mind. I reassured myself, after all, I do enjoy love stories when they're original and memorable, so this couldn't be too bad, right? Three hours later, I left the theater feeling as if I was just released from a torture device and struggled desperately to my car on weak legs that just walked through hell on earth. Is my last sentence melodramatic? Maybe, but compared to the cheesy melodrama that IS the plot of Twilight, me sitting through that atrocious movie looks downright life-or-death.From the first scene to the last, at least 1/3 of every scene in the movie is filled with nothing but characters staring at each other or at various things. I've never thought I would have to sit here and actually type up a complete paragraph complaining about the amount of staring in a movie, but, folks, the day has come. Bella meets Edward: they don't talk, they literally just stare. The vampire plot point is reveled: they stare. Bella is in a life-or-death situation: she stares at whatever is about to kill her. At one point, a car is ready to crush her, and what does she oh-so-realistically do? Stare at it.The acting is that hilariously bad. During the majority of the movie Bella has a look on her face that is a mix between being high and having an orgasmwhile staring. Edward, despite what the horny pre-teen girls (and middle-aged women) want to believe, is a walking self-parody. Cheesy lines (that he repeats over and over again), unintentionally cheesy lines ("I'm so hot, and that makes me a perfect killer!"), and did I mention he's supposedly hundreds of years old yet he still acts like an angsty-creepy-weird-virgin-guy? So, how was the story? It's based on a novel, so it has to have a plot, right? Wrong. Put simply, vampire romance is the most unoriginal idea ever to hit literature. Not to mention movies like Near Dark and Let the Right One In already beat the overused plot bloody on the big screen. Essentially, Twilight in one line is: boy and girl fall in love, boy must sacrifice everything for girl as she sits there like a pretty Barbie doll (and Kristen Stewart isn't even much to look at here), then they both commit. And while you're watching it, it seems even less interesting than that. There is zero entertainment value unless you're a hopelessly horny female who humps her pillow with images of Edward in her head, or you're a hopelessly pathetic male who just wants to impress his girlfriend because he can relate to a "emotional love story". I can't comment on the former, but, seriously, I'm a guy who likes love stories and this is NOT a love story. It's a traditionalist middle school English essay with flat characters and no plot other than: put two horny kids together, but appeal to the "dark" crowd by making it a vampire story . . . without even showing fangs.Other dishonorable mentions: 1) Twilight = Napoleon Dynamite - the humor + stupid subplots 2) The "Restrain yourself, Edward, don't suck her blood!" scene brings unintentional cheese to a new level 3) The movie never ends; two hours seems like eternity (in hell) 4) Baseball doesn't make edge-of-your-seat action 5) There is no action 6) There are no real vampires unless you count pretty-boys 7) Stephanie Myers completely screws up the vampire myths I almost feel sorry for Catherine Hardwicke. She's an amazing director, and she singlehandedly turned this stupid crap-fest into a well-done movie on a technical level, and everything else was out of her hands. But who would honestly turn down the money this movie would bring in? I don't blame her, I blame Stephanie Myers.I also feel sorry for the countless people who watch this and think it's a quality love story, thus never being exposed to the true love stories out there. What is Twilight? A horny, unoriginal, childish fantasies put into a movie. That, like always, wins mass reader, and now viewer, acclaim. I just wish one day popular fiction wasn't a synonym for retard fiction.0/10This movie was extremely disappointing. I've read all of the Twiligh books at least twice and loved them so the problem for me was not in the original plot or the characters, but I believe the producer, director, and the some actors left a lot to be desired. I realize that no matter who they picked to act out the roles they would never look exactly as they did in my mind but that is no excuse for the horrible acting that went into this movie. Some of the characters were great and true to form Alice, Jacob, Charlie, Renee, Bill, Carlisle, Emmet, and Esme, and the kids casted as Bella's classmates (jessica, mike etc..) all did a great job. But here lies the problem, all of those characters were only in supporting roles during this movie. The actors casted as Bella and Edward in my opinion looked like they didn't know what they were doing, for most of the movie they just looked confused or awkward, in a packed movie theater it was sad to see how many people were laughing during parts that were supposed to be sad or touching just at the mere absurdity of it all, to top that off I didn't feel a great amount of chemistry between Bella and Edward, even when she professed her love to him it seemed childish and kind of random. The special effects were also pretty bad, during the parts where they're supposed to be running really fast they only added a slight blur behind the actors and some cheesy sound effects that wouldn't have sounded out of place in a roadrunner cartoon, even the TV show Heroes does a better job at showing speed, I expected something a lot better from a movie. And all of this is aside from the fact that the movie wasn't really true to the book on many aspects, but I came into the movie expecting that. On a personal note I think the character that was worst casted was Rosalie, Rosalie is supposed to be practically the essence of female beauty, this girl had a butt-chin and in my (and my friends') opinion she was on the heavier side, not to say that she wasn't pretty because that would be a lie, but i just don't think she quite reached the level that the real Rosalie was at, and I can think of many other actresses that would have been better suited for the role.All right, so I have read all the books, and i LOVE them. I love Edward Cullen and everything, okay? I just thought the movie was HORRIBLE. I may have compared the movie to the book, but even as a movie, I did not like it. Robert Pattinson is not an Edward. I'm sorry, but he is not: well in my eyes he isn't, so no flaming. There were many crucial scenes that should have been in there like the blood-typing and the meadow which were replaced by other not as important ones. I also think that the sparkle effect was not very good at all; I mean, seriously, a two year old could do that. The dialogue was also delivered all wrong, and a romance was turned into a complete comedy. Like my friends and I were literally cracking up the whole time. I'm not saying that Summit is a bad company, or that Catherine Hardwicke is a bad director, or the actors are bad, but this movie SUCKED.Don't get me wrong; loved the books(well, except for Breaking Dawn), hate the movie.Whatever you do, stay away from this movie. I watched this with low expectations, but they weren't low enough, apparently. I expected the writing of a cheesy fanfiction. I expected the acting of a kindergarten play. I even expected a bunch of tweens squealing with joy every time the "hero" came on screen. I still wasn't prepared. Don't get me wrong, all of those features were present in large amounts. I occasionally saw people in my age group watching this. There was a simple dividing line in the audience. Women loved it. This is likely because of the transformation of vampires from legitimate movie monster to weak, subhuman toys. I want to say something nice about this movie, but I can't. To say one positive word about this movie would be equivalent to treason. I can't describe how terrible this movie is without inventing new words for it. The acting was asdfgds. The writing was absolutely slacktopular.I'll define those words when the English language catches up with this pile of excrement that somebody passed off as a movie.I absolutely hated this movie. I went in prepared and fully aware that it wasn't going to be like the book and that they were going to change it so it was more adaptable to the film. I didn't really have any high expectations, I just wanted to see some parts of to life or at least attempt to come to life. I was utterly "mouth dropping" disappointed. I don't know how Stephenie Meyer could have let this even happen to her precious story. There was no character construction, you didn't connect with the characters and this has nothing to do with casting for the actors. I don't even blame it on the director. THERE WAS NOOOOOOOOOOOO SUBSTANCE AT ALL!!! You didn't feel any connection with the love story. Events meshed in and clashed due to wrong timing and placement of scenes. Crucial scenes were left out for useless scenes ( field trip?!?!?!?!) Even though the scenery was breathtaking they could have cut out at least 40 minutes of it to develop the storyline better. They killed the story. It was horrible just plain horrible. This was worse than adaptation of Harry Potter. I was disappointed when i first saw Harry Potter, even though i accepted that it would not be the same and still enjoyed the movie. This is on a whole new story. At least Harry Potter made you feel like it was the essence of the story still there just cut short. Twilight was just like seeing two strangers that have no real established connection no relationship (They don't even have a friendship) and then suddenly they are together and now they are trying to save this girl who doesn't even seem like is in that much danger to the very end. I laughed in some parts but then there were parts where it was not meant to be funny and they tried too hard to turn the situation into a comical moment. Also the fact that inconsiderate fangirls were cheering for every useless pathetic scene in that movie didn't help to get into it. How can you call yourself a fan of the series if the essence of it was never even portrayed. Even if it wasn't close to the movie at least show some bonding of characters. I don't know how anyone who claims to be a fan of the book can enjoy this movie without cringing at the fact that they ruined the most basic story. Again, I am not talking about the actors' performance nor the directing. I'm talking about the beautiful aching and pain of the story. The soul of the story was never there. Will not go to another premier of any further movies. Will consider going to other movies but only to go see some the "story parts" being visualized. If you disagree, that is completely fine! To each their own! All i know is i love the book and will always love it but this movie killed me tonight!Some movies are so good that they are talked about, often quoted and thought of almost with reverence decades after their first release. Twilight is not one of those movies. Twilight is fluff, utterly forgettable, and gives cause to wonder why anyone would want to make this movie in the first place. This movie is so nondescript and so devoid of anything that is even remotely interesting that calling it a bad movie would give it too much credit. In times past this movie would have been assigned to the B portion of a double feature and be given little if any notice. The story contains certain interesting features but at no time does it make any dramatic impact worth noting. The movie may work as escapist fare if you feel like going to the movies to take a nap, but given the high price of tickets today, that is not an advisable option. So if you feel like taking a nap, go watch this movie when it comes out on a DVD or better yet when it is shown on network television at which time you can start watching it and then go to sleep in the comfort of your own home.WTF?! It was so cheesy and corny and awkward. I felt like the actors/actresses didn't mesh well and the movie was just one big cluster F of one scene after another. When there were little jokes it was just awkward silence in the crowd and the entire relationship of Bella and Edward was very awkward. I didn't believe they were in love and the acting was really bad all around. The CGI was pretty bad as well. To make them look like they were going fast all they did was make them blurry. I felt like this movie was made with 90's technology. This movie had so much potential to be great but this movie ruined it. The only way they can save it now is a reboot with new actors/actresses and possibly new director.Everything in this movie is  superficial, just pretty imagery and emotional music trying to pull  your heart strings. The characters in this movie are generic stoic anime  characters, and they are extremely underdeveloped at that.The movie  wastes time with these stupid mtv moments, were some bands songs  will start playing and everything goes into fast forward.It's a  complete waste considering that time could have been spent developing  the paper thin characters a little more. Magic plays a big part in Your  Name because the writer couldn't figure out how to cover up all the  obvious plot holes.Magic always saves the day conveniently, and when  ever something goes wrong. It just feels contrived, like it's only  happening to make you feel sad.  Don't waste your time with this overrated trash, it's as shallow as a  porn star!8.6 IMDb rating? All those cryptic glowing reviews? I was very suspicious, but we go to the movies once a week and saw everything else currently running so we gave in, bought our ticket and popcorn ($29.50) and hoped for some worthy movie entertainment. What we got was a really GOOFY story based on a fantasy premise which makes you wonder what the hell is going on - and involves a comet. You'll more or less figure it out by the end, but the annoying tedium of it all isn't worth the time or money. It will appeal to the anime cult, and those self-proclaimed esoteric types who enjoy claiming symbolic meaning in meaningless things.I use IMDb as a screening tool for selecting movies to invest my valuable time and money in, but all the ridiculous hype on this one clearly failed me. It's not the first time, and I increasingly find that perusing the "Hated It" reviews is more useful in making a decision on what to see.The film reminds me of The Girl Who Leapt Through Time. It's also a teenage, slice of life, romance with supernatural/sci-fi elements. In Your Name, a teenage boy and girl begin mysteriously swapping bodies at random. They end up using this power to help each other, leaving messages on each other's bodies Memento style to communicate. The girl has confidence issues but the guy finds it easy to be confident in her body. The boy can't talk to girls (well one girl) but the girl finds this easy in his body. It's an interesting idea that gets dropped 30 minutes in for a weirdly disconnected plot.The art design was an issue for me. The film opens with a TV anime style opening, with a bland J-pop song and visuals straight out of any generic Naruto or Bleach OP. It's people running and reaching out for stars with eyes that do that little wobble thing. The character designs are too generic. They're almost devoid of personality- made to be purely attractive. Even the backgrounds are distractingly garish. While often detailed, they sap the atmosphere from scenes as they just try to look pretty at odds with the usually dramatic tone.The characterisation is just as bland. The boy puts his hand behind his head and closes his eyes while he talks to girls and- well that's it as far as his personality goes. I don't know what motivates him for most of the film, his likes, or his dislikes. He works at a restaurant and that's about it. I don't even remember his name. The girl has breasts (which the movie likes to highlight) and she's also a bit nervous. It's weird trying to talk about these characters when they don't have any defining traits, they just do things. They say anime stuff like baka and oneechan and all that Jazz. Tropes just feel shoved into the characters in place of a personality. It's especially jarring when I've heard the director compared to Hosoda and Miyazaki, directors known for strong characters.Instead Your Name tries to be more plot focused. To properly explain my feelings, I have to go into spoilers. The body swapping mechanic, as I mentioned earlier, mostly just happens in the first 30 minutes of the film. This accomplishes some small improvements in each character's lives even though their personalities are still one- dimensional. Suddenly, the girl dies in an unforeseen meteor crash. We see this happen but the next 20 minutes of the movie are the boy figuring this out. This is despite the fact that he knew the meteor crash was going to happen and it's frustrating that it takes him so long. Nothing happens in these 20 minutes to establish any personality or connection with any characters. It felt like wasted time and I was confused why they abandoned their most interesting plot device. The boy then realises, because of blatant foreshadowing earlier in the film, that he can time travel to tell the girl about the meteor and he does that. Then she tries to get people out of her town but it doesn't work. But then we find out that it did work. We're also told that the boy and the girl are in love. A few other things happen, then it ends.Although I love the animation process I'm not interested in watching most anime. It's not that most of them are generic, that's the case with every type of media from Hollywood films to video games. It's the pornographic power fantasy aspect in so many of them that makes them feel immature and amateurish. Once again, in Your Name a personality-less guy and a personality-less girl with bouncy boobs get together. There's no humanity in this. It's just vacuous but pretty plot events happening in a row. Not that I don't like movies that are about spectacle but this is a drama- I should at least have a reason to care about the main characters.The movie did nothing to make me care about them. In a 2-minute montage to another bad J-pop song they mention that the boy and girl invented an elaborate system to communicate with each other while body swapping. That sounded cool and I wish we'd seen them developing this instead of just telling us it happened. It's literal telling instead of showing. The bigger issue is that these small scenes are the only time these characters go through any development. These minor issues facing the boy and girl are solved less than halfway through the movie. The movie then just invents unconnected problems, solutions, and plot points to fill the other hour of its run time. The climax, where the girl warns the townspeople about the comet, was more engaging. The animation's good and it was more exciting. But the flat characters and direction held it back far too much.I'll compare it to Hosoda's The Girl Who Leapt Through Time which is similar in terms of plot, but far better (Spoiler alert for the movie). In TGWLTT (at least Your Name has a shorter title) the movie constantly hints at a romance between the main character and one of her friends. It's presented as comedic so we don't take it seriously though. The girl's personality is established early on and we see that she's generally nice but unlike her peers she just wants to mess around and doesn't take life seriously. This is relatable and it's fun to watch her play around with time. This makes the reveal that the romance was serious and that her time travelling destroyed their chance for a relationship tragic and engaging. There's nothing this emotionally engaging in Your Name. Things just happen that are not set up or paid off well at all. There wasn't anything or anyone I could relate to. It's straight up bad film making.Rated 1 star to lower the ridiculously high rating.Had high expectations due to the hype and I liked Shinkai's previous works, but was disappointed that it really wasn't special. The plot is bland and predictable, the mystery not quite so mysterious, and you're expected to suspend disbelief but then one would expect an incredible journey that makes it all worthwhile when in reality it's all rather pedestrian of the usual teenage pulp romance genre. The implausible we are asked to believe thus becomes rather irritating - when the great unraveling of the "mystery" is anything but.I far prefer Studio Ghibli's wistfulness and sensitivity in their approach - there's something magical and enthralling in their hinting at young romance. Even in the realm of the impossible, eg Arietty, the story-telling is compelling enough to make the deeper currents palpable.Oh well, different strokes and all that...A really disappointing animation by Shinkai Makoto. I used to love his work like "5 Centimeters Per Second" but this time he created a mass of kitsch. Yes the animation is beautiful but it can't tell the story. "Your Name." is just a bad taste anime to entertain the audience, and show how Makoto lost his own vision and style to made a popular popcorn movie (like Michael Bay did). The thing I can't stand the most is how the people keep hyping this movie (even Makoto told people do not go to the theater watch this movie). The main characters are empty. They didn't have a real interaction, I cannot understand why the people think this is emotional. Okay maybe the emotion doesn't really need to be rational but I hardly feel the characters' mind. At the end, the story cannot express any feeling (the music is not suitable for the mood too).In conclude, the whole anime is disappointing. The reason is not about how bad it is, it's about how Makoto fail to be an artist, and a stylist he could be.I could talk for hours about why I hate this film, but seeing as I don't want to sound pretentious, I'll just say that the story and flow of the movie just feels like they are just going through the beats and not like its an actual adventure or story. The writing is atrocious, the jokes aren't funny, and the characters are dreadful and unlikable. Thank GOD the animation is beautiful, the voice acting is fine, and the music is good. But over all, you know you messed up when you make your audience scream at there phone while watching it.This movie sounded interesting from all the reviews, I love the theater it was playing at so bonus time! It started slow and remained slow the entire movie!! It was hard to follow and took a very long time to figure what the heck was going on. A couple of times I caught myself nodding off. In fact someone behind us started snoring and someone else snorted loud when they started to fall asleep, it was that bad. I don't understand the rave reviews this movie is getting, maybe one has to be a anime fan to enjoy it.Anime isint real cinema anime isint real cinema anime isint real cinemaWay too long.First of all, I would give it a 6 but I gave it 1 to counter all those ratings.Now, I was really hyped for this movie. Seeing wallpapers here and their, watching the trailer, I developed heaven level expectations for this film. But when I actually watched it, it dint please me. The music was excellent and the animation was really detailed and colorful. But I found the screenwriting really, really bad. It had a great concept, but the dialogues were so unsatisfying. They didn't do much to make the movie enjoyable or progress smoothly and the way the story advanced was off. People praise the pacing but I had a lot of troubles with it. For instance getting adjusted to their new life was compressed into a song when it was the most fun part, when it should have been given more time. And like half of the movie went to saving the town which was boring and predictable. Many people like it so they must have something to like it. But I just couldn't enjoy it. It would not make it into a list of my top twenty fav anime films. At least I still listen to the music.