You can watch this movie in 1997, you can watch it again in 2004 or 2009 or you can watch it in 2015 or 2020, and this movie will get you EVERY TIME. Titanic has made itself FOREVER a timeless classic! I just saw it today (2015) and I was crying my eyeballs out JUST like the first time I saw it back in 1998. This is a movie that is SO touching, SO precise in the making of the boat, the acting and the storyline is BRILLIANT! And the preciseness of the ship makes it even more outstanding! Kate Winslet and Leonardo Dicaprio definitely created a timeless classic that can be watched time and time again and will never get old. This movie will always continue to be a beautiful, painful & tragic movie. 10/10 stars for this masterpiece!Titanic is one of my all time favourite films. I'm a 24 year old guy who has probably not cried in front of anyone since I was a kid, but this movie plays on my emotions more than almost any other. We all know the ship will sink (does that even qualify as a spoiler?) but the build-up to this event - the smugness and over- confidence, assurances of it being "unsinkable" - tease the audience, almost to the point where you're like 'is it really going to sink?'I thought the performances of everyone were magnificent: I cared about the characters and their lives on and beyond the ship. Taking the time to introduce everyone and weave their stories together was masterful, even beyond the main characters, like Fabrizio and Murdoch the First Officer and countless more. It was heartbreaking towards the end when you see the panic gradually set in, and it slowly descends into total chaos. You remember Jack telling Rose all the places he's going to take her to and you imagine their love- filled lives together. The Irish mother telling her children the fairytale, resigned to their fate. The violinists trying to maintain a spirit of composure amidst the carnage. And the music! Wow. I cried for all of this. And especially right at the end when you see the photos of Rose's life, knowing she's fulfilled her promise and survived, living a full life, probably never having met anyone she loved as much as Jack all those years ago.Visually pleasing in every way, dramatic, musically astounding, great acting and above all a fantastic story make this an undeniably iconic, enduring film. A romantic-drama unlike any other. It deserves higher than 7.7.Good Lord. This movie right here, it's a masterpiece. I am not exaggerating when I say this. Tonight was the first time I watched this. I watched some parts of it earlier, but I thought it would probably be boring, and that I had better things to do. Tonight I watched the whole thing with my grandmother. I was completely wrong on that. This was the best movie that I've ever seen, and probably ever will see in my entire life. Me and my grandmother were both in tears by the end of it. There were two scenes which made me cry: the part where the orchestra played "Nearer, My God, to Thee" and the end when all those perished on the Titanic applaud at the kiss of Rose and Jack. This movie was absolutely amazing and I would watch it over and over again.Very beautiful and cinematic movie with lots of classic scenes.Also extremely sad at times.Absolute 90's classic.People are crazy. They rate Avengers so high and they rate this masterpiece low? This is beyond absurd. You guys should encourage great filmmakers like this one not stupid ones like the super hero franchises. For the love of god.Ah, yes, the film that propelled Leonardi DiCapro to super stardom, became the first film to gross $1 billion, and stayed on the top of the box office charts for 12 years (only to be kicked off the top by another James Cameron film, Avatar).It is said 'Titanic' is the film with the most continuity errors of all films. Despite this, though, the film was indeed a masterpiece. The sheer scale of the sets and entire production were simply mind blowing! The sinking of the Titanic was the greatest ship sinking scene EVER and was done with such meticulous detail that one would think they actually really sunk the ship. Off course, that was not the case, though, as it were all (very elaborate) sets, most of which were destroyed during the making of the film.Leonardo made for a very likable hero, quite frankly one a lot of guys can relate to. The young lovers were so different and yet so alike, and their love story was almost endearing. I must admit, the jumping backwards and forwards in time was a bit unnecessary and resulted in an overlong epic. They should only have told the 1912 story. Apart from that, the film was thrilling, exciting and fascinating in every sense of the word!Every once in a while the conversation will turn to "favorite movies." I'll mention Titanic, and at least a couple people will snicker. I pay them no mind because I know that five years ago, these same people were moved to tears by that very movie. And they're too embarrassed now to admit it.I just rewatched Titanic for the first time in a long time. Expecting to simply enjoy the story again, I was surprised to find that the movie has lost none of its power over these five years. I cried again.... in all the same places. It brought me back to 1997 when I can remember how a movie that no one thought would break even became the most popular movie of all time. A movie that burst into the public consciousness like no other movie I can recall (yes, even more than Star Wars). And today, many people won't even admit they enjoyed it. Folks, let's get something straight -- you don't look cool when you badmouth this film. You look like an out of touch cynic.No movie is perfect and this one has a few faults. Some of the dialogue falls flat, and some of the plot surrounding the two lovers comes together a little too neatly. However, none of this is so distracting that it ruins the film.Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are wonderful. Leo is one of the fine actors of his generation. Wait 'til you see him in Gangs of New York before you call him nothing more than a pretty boy. Kate Winslet was so strong in this film. The movie really was hers, and she held it together beautifully.James Cameron managed what many believed was impossible by recreating a completely believable Titanic. The sinking scenes were horrific, just as they were that night. How anyone can say the effects were bad is beyond me. I was utterly transfixed.This film is one memorable scene after another. Titanic leaving port in Southampton. Rose and Jack at the bow, "flying". "Iceberg, right ahead!" The screws hanging unbelievably out of the ocean. The screams of the doomed after she went down. And that ending that brought even the burliest man in the theater to tears.The music, which has also been a victim of the film's success, was a key ingredient. James Horner's score was simply perfect. And the love theme was beautiful and tragic. Too bad Celine Dion's pop song version had to destroy this great bit of music for so many.I confess, I am a Titanic buff. As such, I relished the opportunity to see the ship as we never got to see it -- in all its beauty. Perhaps watching it sink affected me more than some because I've had such an interest in the ship all my life. However, I doubt many of those I saw crying were Titanic buffs. I applaud Cameron for bringing this story to the masses in a way that never demeaned the tragedy. The film was made with such humanity.Another reviewer said it better than I ever could: Open up your hearts to Titanic, and you will not be disappointed.Back in 1997, do I remember that year: Clinton bans cloning research, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins won the world series and a woman gave birth to septuplets. This was also the big year in the release of Titanic, one of the biggest films of all time: a tale about the ship of dreams, about a boy and a girl who fall in love but are torn apart by their social class and at the height of their emotional commitment the ship meets with disaster. I don't think anybody could have expected Titanic to be as HUGE as it was, the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them being teenage girls, I was 12 years old at the time, and of course saw the movie multiple times. It was the film that made me believe that the love that Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful. At the time I felt that Titanic could do no wrong, of course I grew up and didn't watch the film since I was 14, a couple years ago I saw the film on DVD for 5.99 and figured that it was a good price and to see what I thought about the movie now. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie of all time? Was that Leonardo's real nose? OK, I know that's silly to say, but I did re-watch the film. Being completely honest here, Titanic is a great movie, it delivered in romance, humor, disaster, emotions and took us on this incredible maiden voyage.The film starts with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreck of the RMS Titanic, searching for a necklace set with a valuable blue diamond called the Heart of the Ocean. Unsuccessful, they instead discover a drawing of a young woman wearing the Heart of the Ocean, dated the day the Titanic sank. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns of the drawing, and contacts Lovett to inform him she is the woman in the drawing. When asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose Calvert recalls her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the first time that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, the upper-class 17-year-old Rose boards the ship with her controlling fiancé, Cal Hockley and her desperate for money mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater. Distraught and frustrated by her engagement, Rose attempts suicide by jumping from the stern. Before she leaps, a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson intervenes who convinces her not to jump. Jack and Rose strike up a tentative friendship as she thanks him for saving her life, and he shares stories of his adventures traveling and sketching; their bond deepens when they leave a first-class formal dinner of the wealthy for a much livelier gathering of dancing, music and beer in third-class. After revealing their love for each other and wish to leave together when the ship docks, they then witness the ship's fatal collision with an iceberg and now must escape together.So does Titanic live up to it's hype? I still say that this is a great movie to watch, I think that there were and still are quite a few haters that for some reason just want to trash the movie because it had won a ton of awards and Leo Mania was born at the time. Everyone is entitled to an opinion, but please don't let the haters bother you from watching this great movie. It has great acting, amazing effects, beautiful costumes, outstanding sets, a well-written story and still looks flawless. Love it or hate it, you have to admit this movie didn't get a lot of hype just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's amazing ability to cry on sight, this film is something special. Otherwise I don't think we'd still be talking about it so many years later. Kate and Leo had this amazing chemistry that in my opinion made it one of the greatest love stories of all time. Despite the story not being the most original with the rich girl loves poor boy plot, I think it worked extremely well because they fit so well together. James Cameron, the extreme perfectionist that he is, went over time and money budgets for Titanic, but this was his baby and it paid off very well. James had captured everything about Titanic and the sinking so well. He respectfully shows what terror the victims went through that night and made sure that this wasn't just a love story but to remember those who lost their lives on the tragic voyage. He had every right in my opinion to scream "I'm king of the world!" at the Oscars, because this movie blew everyone out of the water(no pun intended), you know what? I'm going to admit it, I love Titanic, even past my teen years I absolutely adore this movie, it will always hold a special place in my heart, it has too since I saw this film 8 times in the theater when it was released. Remember one thing, be true to yourself, don't follow the crowd, lovers or haters, if you go with the hype you're always going to go crazy over a film before viewing it, then if you thought the film was just alright for some reason it comes off as the worst movie ever. I do recommend Titanic, it's a great one and sure to go down in the classics one day.10/10I am still crying as I am writing this review as of right now. I don't even know where to begin. I can now see why this film was one of the highest grossing movies of all time. The blending of genres was masterfully done through the style of a Historical Romance/Drama, and a Disaster/Action film. The writing was absolutely superb, for a 3 hour movie I found myself completely engaged not even blinking my eye. The costumes, music, performances, characters, cinematography, dialogue was so magical I can't even put words here to describe the beauty of everything put into this movie. The performances just take your breathe away. Jack and Rose's love story is so full of life and heart and what true love should be even if it's a battle or your not the same class and can't be together ounce you find your soulmate that's what love is about. Their characters felt so human and that really is what puts this movie at a whole new level. The camerawork is some of the best I have ever seen in any film. I don't even want to spoil how thrilling, chilling, beautifully well done the Titanic sinking part of the film is because it is something you just have to see for yourself and experience the devastating heartbreaking tragedy that occurred. James Cameron you are and will always be one of the best filmmakers to ever live and this is your ultimate masterpiece.It's 2019 and I still watch this movie sometimes and I am pretty sure that people are gonna keep watching this movie for the next 50 years and while watching this they will still feel that same emotion that they felt when they watched this movie for the first time. This movie still in the top 3 of the list of highest grossing movies of all time even after 22 years.I went to see this film with my sister and my Mum and we were the only ones in the cinema. Not the best start, but I continued to watch it anyway and am so glad I did. This is probably one of the most beautiful and romantic films I have ever seen! From the relationship of the two characters to their surroundings, every scene is breathtaking! The Notebook tells the story of a summer romance that turns into a romance never to be forgotten. Allie and Noah are the two lead characters and they are wonderful. You immediately fall in love with the characters and you want to follow every step of their doomed love story. it is one of the greatest love stories ever told. Look out for the lake scene, unbelievable! I came out of the cinema wanting to go back in again and watch it all over again. It feels like you are reading a diary watching this film, thats how detailed and wonderful this film is. Cannot really give too much away about the story, all I can say is if you haven't seen this film yet, be sure to see it. I cannot think of a film more perfect for Valentines Day!This movie seems to be postcard perfect, a lesson straight out of the director's guide to romantic movies. Boy meets girl at a carnival, love from the other side of the tracks, a date by the water, etc. And yet the wonderful thing about this movie is that it takes what seems like a story you've heard already (at least in bits and pieces) and still moves you deeply. It really speaks about love in a way that most romantic movies miss by speaking in cliché or over shoot by adding in numerous complications to dramatize things. There have been other great movies to comment on love in recent years (Eternal Sunshine, Lost In Translation jump to mind) but this movie fills a need that those other movies miss: the need for a straight, sweep you off your feet romance. Too bad there can't be movies like this every year...Often times when a movie comes from source material such as a novel that did well, the people who were fans of the book end up not liking the movie as much. Sometimes those same fans even end up hating the movie, or not even giving it a chance by seeing it. Such was the case, that I already knew the ending of Nicholas Sparks's novel even before I got into the theater. Let me clear up though, that the best thing about the film was that I ended up getting wrapped in the story on the screen, rather than sitting there thinking to myself what part of the story should be coming next. That is what makes a great adaptation, when you can get lost in the story, and forget about your thoughts, or what is going on in the outside world. Not only that, but the film soared past any expectations that I had for it from the start too, by being very well Directed and acted. Best known for his acting credits, Nick Cassavetes was tapped to direct this film. His past experience, which didn't consist of very many films includes the Denzel Washington film John Q. This was not going to be an easy task for him though, because the story was built on us believing the love that the main characters of the film would be showing was real. It?s not as easy as it sounds, and some films (like Star Wars Part 2), end up making the audience laugh, rather than feel what the characters are feeling. He did a great job, and helped put together a great cast for this film that would end up including Ryan Gosling, Rachel McAdams, James Garner, and Joan Allen. All actors who have found their niches before, and were brought in to this film to help carry the story. Gosling is best known for his role as "Richie", one of the kids, in Murder By Numbers. He brings a great innocence to the role of Noah Calhoun in the film, one of the two main characters. Rachel McAdams plays the other half of the duo as Allie Hamilton. She was actually one of the leads (Regina George) in an earlier Summer movie, Mean Girls. At the heart of this film the couple represents the love story that is being told by James Garner's character. He reads from a book , the story of the two lovers as they go through everything life has to offer. Gena Rowlands plays the lady that he is reading to, and she gets as wrapped up in the story as we do, as he progresses from chapter to chapter in the novel he is reading. Garner was perfect for this role, and shows his narrating skills as he explains how the two of them live. Meanwhile, in the story, Noah and Allie meet in one of the cutest scenes of the movie. He sees her at a carnival, and knows right away that he wants to be with her. He does not know quite why at first, and all he can say is that something inside of him is drawing him to her. He convinces her to give him a chance, and she eventually agrees to give him the date that he seeks. What progresses from there is a Summer romance that goes through all of the emotions that we all have experienced before. What makes it even more real, is that it is not played off as if every single moment is perfect between the two of them. It depicts that they do have fights, that they do have disagreements, but that they do have a love that is stronger than any of that. This is what made the romance real for me. Everyone knows, that in real life we can't have a relationship where everything works out perfectly, or where everyone agrees on everything. The romance blossoms, but a problem exists that could spell trouble. Noah is from a one- parent family, and sees himself working at a lumber-yard for the better part of his life. He says that he has found his place in life, and this is what the "cards" have planned for him. Allie on the other hand, come from a very well-off family, and is being brought up in a rich societal circle. Her family is spending her 17th Summer in the small town by the sea, and first comes across Noah by pure coincidence. The romance between them is kept under wraps for quite a while, until her parents find out. The mother immediately thinks that is should end, but the father feels that it is just a summer "thing" that will come to an end rather quickly. That is, until she is out late one night with Noah, and he takes the side of his wife. They see no future between their daughter and this "boy", and take her away from him the first chance they get. That coupled with the outbreak of World War II keeps them apart for a couple of years, and the story really gets underway. Will their love be able to endure the separation, or will one of them move on to something that is easier in their own lives? The story becomes an epic of its own, as its starts to split time between the story being read, and the story of Garner and Rowlands living in the present day. This is what I love about films like these, as we are given the opportunity to enjoy two different stories going on at the same time. The love shown by Noah and Allie is something that envelopes us, and it makes us forget about the current story. By going back and forth, we are able to look forward to where each of the two stories is going. All of it leads to an ending of each story that is both very enjoyable, and very emotional at the same time. As I said before, sometimes a book can fail to transition to film. This is not one of those cases, as the movie instead becomes its own entity. Both stories have great chemistry between the characters at the center of them. It is amazing just how well the actors/actresses in the parts play their roles, and just how much we as an audience start to care about their lives. As it progresses, we truly care about what will happen to the main characters, and we have in our own minds how we want things to turn out. It is that type of film, where we start to become part of the story, and want them to act or say something specific, that truly makes a great story. Even though this is a movie that is heavily geared to lovers of romance novels, this is a film that I found very enjoyable. I highly recommend seeing this film while it is in theaters, or purchasing it when it hits DVD, because it has everything that is needed for a truly great love story.This amazing love story can be enjoyed by all. The Notebook is not one of those cheesy chick flicks that often come out, it is a brilliantly written intriguing story about two young lovers that most people can relate to.Even most males will agree that this movie pulls at your heart strings. Filled with fabulous quotes, and sentimental moments I found this movie to be one of the best I've seen. I got to know both main characters and found myself relating to each of them. Most of us remember our first love and that strong connection we had with them. This movie makes us think of what could have been and gives us a fresh look at the meaning of true love. I recommend this movie to anyone with a heart.I went into this movie with the misconception of thinking this was just another typical romantic movie, but I was very impressed by this film and the themes portrayed in this movie were handled in a great way.This movie will have you feeling happy and joyful and the scenery is just brilliant. You will feel like you are part of the characters, and you will care about them throughout the whole movie.The movie gallops in speed as we are absorbed into the great plot and brilliant acting of all the cast involved. Ryan Gosling is brilliant as the shy and quiet Noah, and Rachael McAdams is superbly beautiful as the star of the movie, Allie.As I said earlier in my review, I did go into the movie not expecting much and that was because I thought it was a typical "boy loves girl" movie which are sometimes just too predictable. Don't get me wrong, they are some good Romantic movies that pull it off very well, but there are simply too many in that particular genre.The best thing about this movie was the depth of the plot and the actors playing their characters so well. The supporting cast were good, and James Marsden deserves a mention for managing to pull of a hard role as the "rich man" well. Another plus point about this movie was the great script, and you did not see too many "cliches" which is always a good sign in a Romance movie.It does not matter whether you love romantic movies or hate them, this is NOT just a romantic movie it is so more than that. By the end of the movie you will feel a whole heap of emotions. You will be talking about this movie for a long time.The only bad part about this movie is the length, which I think could be shortened a bit but on the whole this was a superb movie which is well worth a watch.Go and Watch this! Amazing movie which will have you brimming with joy.9 1/2 out of 10This story plays out as Duke, played by James Garner, reads a story about two young people in the 1940s who fall in love and endure life. The movie moves between present-day and the 1940s. It is structurally very similar to "Fried Green Tomatoes", which is also one of my all time favorite movies.Unlike "Fried Green Tomatoes", this focuses on young love as it grows and endures through wars and parental dissent. Sure, the core is the "Romeo and Juilet" theme, but the way is plays out and the exceptional charisma that the actors bring to the screen make it feel fresh and not entirely predictable. This is a deeply romantic movie. If you are cynical at all about romance, timeless love and dedication to another person, you may find yourself rolling your eyes a bit. I am not that cynical about the emotional ties that bind us and I was thoroughly taken in by the story.This is such a gentle movie. The characters are very human and very likable. All of the actors turn in engrossing and compelling performances.Technically, this movie is exceptional, too. The scenes during the opening credits is absolutely breathtaking. The editing is very good. The story is compelling from the opening credits to the closing credits.My wife and I don't always share the same perspective on movies, but we agreed on this one. We both loved it immensely. I am certain this will become part of our permanent collection.The Notebook is one of my all-time favourite movies. Its a constant, and classic love story that makes you feel as if you are there watching it.. as if you are one of the characters, which makes the impact of the story just that much more real. There really are no words to describe how this movie makes you feel, but one thing is for sure... It will make you feel. After watching it, i've often just.. sat where i am and just thought about it. It's just one of those movies that you will think about 30 years after watching it, and still get that same feeling in your heart.. and you'll know that it touched you in one way or another. If you haven't seen it, you really are missing out... Its a classic!I am a big fan of love stories. Lately, the film industry has been lacking the sort of element that I love to see in a movie. The last movie I saw that made me cry as much as "The Notebook" did was "Ghost" with Demi Moore. The casting of Allie and Noah in the movie was exceptional and made the feelings and emotions seem real. After watching the movie in the theater, I noticed every person, including the men, cry as they left the theater. Now when was the last time you saw anything like that?? I bought the movie on DVD the day it came out and have been watching it everday since that day!! I would highly recommend this movie to both males and females.I hesitated to watch this movie for almost 2 years until I got into the Netflix club and saw a little of the movie. I then couldn't wait to receive it by mail but instead, I ran out to the Video store and rented it. It was only a dollar to rent but I can sure say one thing. It was the best dollar that I ever spent. I never had a movie that moved me nor made me shed so many tears and as soon as my wife came in from shoping, I told her that its a must see movie and then started to tell her the who story. Before you knew it, I was at the end and still crying. I am one of those guys that don't easily get moved by movies but this one got to me. Don't get me wrong, It was tears of joy with a little taste of sorrow all thru out.You will love it! I promise.Hear me out lads i do not cry during movies okay but this one really hit me for the last 35 minutes of the movie,,,, i've just been sobbing,,,,,,,, and the movie makes the cut of my top 5 movies of all time easily,,,,,,, i'm just sad i didn't watch it earlier i really missed out didn't iIf I saw the movie now for the first time I know I probably will hate it, but the 11 year old me was so love struck with it. Honestly no movie these days makes me this happy anymore. Also I think this one (the first movie) is so much cinematically pleasing. I enjoy the dark blue rainy vibe & the shaky camera a lot. This movie is my guilty pleasure. 10 for the nostalgia feelings.Perhaps I Have to tell something so that people who hate this film do understand why I review like this. My Dad died in 2008 when Twilight aired. I watched the movie again and again. And today, I still watch it again and again. I always have problems when I read a book and they made a movie of it. Because most of the time the movie just sucks. But not with the Twilight movies. They are like the books, and this without a big budget. So if you have a hard time and you need a simple but nice movie to watch to leave into another world. Please watch this.Amazing acting and great story line, only problem is, it's fairly longIt's just a fantasy romance with a different take. I liked the movie to start with and now it is a guilty pleasure to rewatch repetitively.
I see good acting. It is hard to transfer this kind of book to the movies but it really works for me.
The amount of hate from some people is annoying. If your not into this kind of movie fine, but your judgement is useless to those who like these movies.I say boy's the Twilight Saga is way underappreciated ! I own all five films.
I didn't listen to the critics or the people that said their trash. I went and watched them for myself. I saw all five films in the theater.Then I bought all five Blu-rays but I have not watched them; they've been sitting in my Blu-ray pile for like 10 years :oops:The entire cast is made up of extremely attractive people physically , so theirs that.
I am total sap for a romantic star-crossed lovers story line and is element is the heart of the films.
There is all kinds of delicious Gothic and romantic melodrama.
I've never really been a huge fan of vampires in the horror genre but it's done extremely well in this series of films.
I've always been a huge fan of the Lycanthrope and there's plenty of Werewolf action.Twilight launched two bona fide movie stars in Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson.
No shame, straight-up love The Twilight Saga .I watched this movie in 2009 I guess and watched it so many times that I even remember the dialogues scene by scene now. It's an absolute favourite and will always come back to it to escape reality.I can't begin to tell you why I love the Twilight Saga Series so much. Because it appeals to a younger genre, it took me a while to get interested. But, once I did - I was hooked almost immediately. I have all the DVDs and almost all the Sound Tracks and Scores. Carter Burwell is amazing! Anyhow, having lived in Seattle for nearly 9 years probably swayed me just a bit. I can't say there is tremendous acting, but there is enough here and there that you start to form a "relationship" with the characters. I am probably an oddball, but I like Kristen Stewart, and have watched her in several films. I kind of wish they had cast her in Hunger Games, but that's just me. I have watched all 5 Twilight's now probably close to 100 times, and each time I try to find something to hate about it so that I'll stop this infatuation, but I just cannot. Call me old-fashioned, but there is just something about a good love story that gets me every time, and for the story to include a gawky, awkward little girl falling in love with a suave and gorgeous vampire - well, you got me! You can have the werewolves, just don;t find Taylor Lautner all that hot.This movie was perfect. I am a huge fan of the series and have been since Christmas of 2007. I have been excited to see this film since they announced it, and remember the very day that they cast Robert Pattinson as Edward. In my opinion, there is nothing about the movie that could have been improved, save making it a bit longer. I enjoyed every second, even though I went in with the very highest of expectations. As long as you don't nitpick (I heard people complaining that the Cullen house wasn't white in the film, or that Emmett was batting in baseball, not fielding) I am sure that people will enjoy this movie if they loved the book.As far as book to movie things go, here are my favourites: Girl with a pearl earring, Devil Wears Prada, The Secret Garden, Speak, Harry Potter 4 and 5 and any Jane Austen story.A good book to movie translation, like these and Twilight, doesn't keep every single part in the book, and in the same order. It keeps the same feeling of the story, the general idea that got people excited in the first place.Only a couple of things annoyed me, the special effects were a bit over the top. A couple of cringes here and there, but apart from that,I really loved this movie, and I look forward to the sequel next year. As New Moon's director, Chris Weitz, directed The golden compass, I think that the special effects will be a lot more improved with him.5 Stars.The movie Twilight is a love story about Isabella Swan and Edward Cullen. Bella moves to Forks, Washington to live with her dad after her mom moves to Jacksonville, Florida. Once Bella is in Forks she meets Edward Cullen and discovers that he is a vampire along with the rest of his family. She tells him that she is OK with the fact that he is a vampire. While playing baseball with Edward's family one day, the group of bad vampires, notice that Bella is a human and James, the one bad vampire, goes after her and starts to track her. Bella escapes to Phoenix, where she use to live, with Edward's brother Jasper and sister Alice, while the rest of Edward's family tries to distract James and get to him so he won't bother Bella. James gets Bella to come to a dance studio in Phoenix by making her believe he has her mom. Edward has to try and get to Bella in time to save her from Jasper. Once Edward is there, he realizes that James has bit Bella and has to decide whether or not to let her change into a vampire or suck the venom out of her blood. Bella and Edward have to fight throughout the whole movie to make their relationship work and he has to try to not kill her. I think that this movie follows the book very well, represents its genres well, and has a lot of good aspects in the film including the acting, lighting, and music.The movie Twilight is classified as a thriller and a romance. I think that the movie represents both genres very well. It could be classified as a thriller because there is a lot of action and fast paced scenes within the movie. I think the very beginning quote of the movie lets you know that it is a thriller. At the beginning of the movie Bella says, "I'd never given much though to how I would die. But dying in place of someone I love, seems like a good way to go. I can't bring myself to regret the decisions that brought me face to face with death." I think that this shows that it is a thriller because a lot of time thrillers have somebody dying or one of the main characters comes very close to dying. This lets the audience know that Bella is going to come "face to face with death" and sets the movie up to be a thriller. Also it fits a thriller because the end of the movie kind of leaves you wondering if Bella is going to turn into a vampire. I think that it fits the genre of romance very well too because the main storyline of the movie is the love story between Bella and Edward. I think when Bella and Edward are in the woods together and Edward says to her "And so the lion fell in love with the lamb," this is when their love story starts and then we get to follow their relationship throughout the whole movie. Also when Bella says in the movie "About three things I was absolutely positive: First, Edward was a vampire. Second, there was a part of him-and I didn't know how dominant that part might be-that thirsted for my blood. And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him," I think this quotes shows that this is not a normal love story, but that she was in love with him and would do anything to be with him. Therefore I think that Twilight fits both the genres thriller and romance because you can clearly see how it is both.I think there were a few aspects of the movie that could have used a little improvement. I think the director did a good job picking out the most important events from the book to put into the movie and did a good job with putting the movie all together. I think that overall the actors did a good job playing the roles of the characters. I think that the actor and actress who played Bella and Edward could have had a little more chemistry to make the film better and seem like Bella was more caring about the relationship and not look so uninterested all the time. I think that the lighting and colors of the film did a good job a representing the plot. The story took place in Washington where it always rains a lot, so the fact that it was gloomy or darker in most of the scenes was good. Also the fact that there were vampires in the movie made it seem like the scenes should have been darker and gloomier than in just a normal romance movie. In my opinion the music in the film was very good. I think the songs they choose for the film were not your ordinary real happy upbeat song. I think these songs fit the movie though because the movie overall was gloomier and darker and I thought the music and scores fit the movie very well. I also think like that they didn't use ordinary songs because Edward and Bella's relationship wasn't ordinary.Overall I loved the movie and have watched it over and over again. I think it is a good change from all the normal love stories where there are things stopping the people from being together like somebody else or other repeated scenarios that keep them apart. This also has a lot of action and keeps you on the edge of your seat while watching it unlike most over romances and love stories. I would recommend this to anybody who loves romance stories or just out of the ordinary scenarios. In my opinion I think it is better to read the book before watching the movie because you get a lot more details and now what is going on a little better in the film.Another movie that i say "i should've watched before". Intense romantic drama. Fascinating portrait of loneliness in a post-digital world. Amazingly original screenplay, concept, musics, especially colors and performance from Joaquin Phoenix. This made me stay with myself after the credits have finished, i found myself reflecting on my own life and relationships.This is the best film I have seen all year, and I saw just about every good film to hit theaters in 2013. I think it's because it is so representational of what it's like to be human.There are so many things that make this movie special, but I'll just mention a few. 1. The score is INCREDIBLE. The music paired with the beautiful sound design make you FEEL the movie. Sure, you see everything on the screen, which is already beautiful, but then that music hits you and the emotions just start to run. I laughed, I cried, my brain got all tingly. It was an emotional roller coaster, and the score assisted in that so well. 2. The script. I knew how this movie was going to end 30 minutes in. And unlike most who would then say that it's predictable and not worth watching, I consider that awesome, because it means that the script is tight enough to tell a good story with a believable arc. Every scene in this movie is straight up powerful! Like it will fill your heart with sadness and happiness and pain and guilt and confusion. And then rinse and repeat. For 2 hours. It moves through all of the most complex and interesting questions that we should be asking ourselves about what it means to be a human being. About what it means to be alive. This film is about all that life is. And after the screening, as well as during, I found myself questioning things in my own life that either don't make sense or don't have to make sense. Like love and thoughts and emotions. They're all so natural and yet none of us truly understand how they work. In my opinion, moreso than any other film this year, Her has the perfect mix of complex ideas, story, and character development. One of the best scripts ever written. 3. Cinematography. My personal favorite shot to see and use is the extreme close up. And that shot was all over this movie. The reason I love it so much and believe it works so well is because it allows you to see the emotions of the character so plainly. Like their face is right in your face, so you just have to look at it. And that's where Joaquin shines. He delivers such a powerful and emotional performance and the close ups are there to capture it all. They also make great use of the natural backlighting of Shanghai, and the colors all fuse to make it a really pretty movie. I'd say the cinematography is on par with Drive and/or Lost in Translation in terms of the style. It looks like every shot was photographed with the intent to make it the most beautiful shot in the film. And I admire the DP's work. He did a really great job. More than anything though, this film just made me feel. Everything about it was so beautiful. I didn't want it to end. I felt like the film was controlling me - playing with my mind as if it were a joystick. And that's just something you don't get every day. Very rarely am I awe- stricken by a movie, and this film made my jaw drop. It is without a doubt the best film of the year, and upon just one viewing, one of my top 5 favorite movies of all time.Okay let's get something straight: There is nothing I love more than badass, exhilarating movies! The Joker performing his little pencil magic trick, Indiana Jones dodging traps and swinging his lion-taming whip at enemies, the bride in kill bill punching her way out of a closed coffin with her bare hands, John McClane single-handedly annihilating an airplane in mid-air while exclaiming the best one-liner known to mankind and I could go on and on...HOWEVER, nothing compares to the emotional rollercoaster the movie "Her" took me. It's nothing short of a masterpiece, a unique way of describing a love story and it makes you think of what it actually means to be human.
I just didn't want it to end and even after multiple rewatches, it still manages to take me off guard and make me tear up because of how beautiful and sad at the same time it all is. I can't remember any movie being able to achieve that. So yeah, definitely check this one out.And for those who are wondering: this is my third favourite movie of all time.Talk about closing with a bang. Spike Jonze's long-awaited original film about a writer that falls in love with his operating system is not only the best film to play at this year's New York Film Festival; it very well could be the very best film of the year. "Her" is the finest writing and directorial endeavor of Spike Jonze's career. And then there's the towering and crowning work of Academy Award nominee Joaquin Phoenix who proves once again, he's the finest actor working today, hands down. You can't find a more dynamic and compelling story about the human connection and where we're headed as a society.When "Her" opens up, it snaps you immediately into the story. Phoenix plays Theodore, a writer for a website that makes letters for just about anyone. As he tries to find life during the midst of his divorce from his wife Catherine (played by a beautiful Rooney Mara), Theodore finds solace in a friendship with a new OS (operating system) named Samantha (voiced by Scarlett Johansson). The two develop a relationship in a world where OS's are becoming the norm with society.Jonze's has never been the conventional director as we've seen in his other brilliant efforts "Being John Malkovich" and "Where the Wild Things Are." Jonze sets out to tell a story and deliver all the intricate details for us to understand each character. His focus on Theodore, giving him a real sense of loneliness without falling into cliché character ticks and beats that we've seen countless times in other romantic films, Jonze constructs a real man living in a world where technology has taken precedent over human connection.Christopher Nolan should take notes from Jonze on the assembling of female counterparts in a story. Catherine and Theodore's friend Amy, played by the always dependable Amy Adams, both feel genuinely authentic. Mara, who's already delivered one other powerful performance in "Ain't Them Bodies Saints" earlier this year, is finely utilized. She shows once again that she's a true professional, with limited screen time (many in flashbacks); she can staple herself in your memory.Amy Adams is always the sprinkle on top in all of her films. As "Amy," the awkward friend and neighbor who sympathizes more with Theodore more than she'd like to, Adams expertly executes. With four prior Oscar nominations to her credit, her stunning portrayal is just another fantastic pin to add to her credits. She could find traction during the awards season if the film hits in the right way. That's also part to the petty Oscar rules about rewarding voice performances because if that wasn't the case, Scarlett Johansson would be on stage holding an Oscar of her own next March. As "Samantha," Johansson has never tapped into the essence of her abilities as an actress the way she does in "Her." As an OS, full of wonder and curiosity, "Samantha" is essentially a child. Learning at a rapid rate and studying the behaviors of the human mind, she looks at the world through the eyes of Theodore. Johansson holds our hand in through the tale, even when her voice isn't on screen. This is the type of work that could convince the Board of Governors to rethink the eligibility of an acting performance. This is a masterful work that I'll remember for years to come.And then there's Joaquin Phoenix...oh, Mr. Phoenix. Fresh off his historic performance in Paul Thomas Anderson's "The Master" just a year ago, I didn't think he could impress me so soon and yet here we are. His sensitive and perceptive take on the role is what films are all about. It's one of the best things that 2013 has offered and a performance that could land him his first Oscar. I think Phoenix himself was impressed with the work he and his colleagues have accomplished. At the press conference, he actually gave an answer to one of the questions from the audience. If anyone was in attendance at the conference for James Gray's "The Immigrant" - a prickly, disengaged Phoenix put on his sunglasses and put the microphone on the floor. This is a performance that you can identify with. He's not simply awkward for the sake of being, he has baggage and connection issues. There's sincerity in his words and mannerisms. A getaway in a cabin, alone but with "Samantha" encapsulates everything about Theodore. Phoenix achieves the impossible and is an instant Oscar contender.But "Her" isn't just about the writing and performances; it's an all- around technical marvel. Most notably the Production Design of K.K. Barrett, who has worked on "Where the Wild Things Are." Our story takes place in a futuristic (though never said how far ahead) Los Angeles and with shooting overseas, Barrett captures the clout of the city and its inside counterparts. Cinematographer Hoyte Van Hoytema's use of colors and smooth palettes are things of a dream. Affectionately snuggling up to Phoenix as he whispers the sweetness of words to "Samantha" or the sweetness of a new letter at work, Hoytema has quickly become one of my favorite DP's, especially following "Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy" and "Let the Right One In." Arcade Fire and Karen O. are simply magic in their music that accompanies our story about love. A modern yet classical composition that in key scenes could move you to tears."Her" is one of the best love stories I've witnessed in some time. Charlie Kaufman will always have the honor of penning my favorite love story of all-time "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" but Spike Jonze and "Her" are giving it a true run for the money at the moment. Warner Bros. must know what they have with a limited release in late November; this...Read More @ http://www.awardscircuit.comI saw Her this weekend, and it's my favorite movie of the year. Everything about it was fantastic: the acting, the directing, the writing. It could've easily been a clichéd look at technology or the future, but it's fundamentally a very human story about evolution. It's about having to deal with unfulfillment and things like divorce and loneliness, but it's also undercut with hope, whether it be through Theo's relationships with Samantha (Johansson) and Amy (Adams) or even the stylistic touches, like having Theo's red clothes set against a muted Los Angeles background. There are parallels drawn between all the characters' journeys without it feeling contrived, and even Theo's job--writing letters for other people--represents his relationship with his OS; on the surface, they may seem like "just letters" or "just a computer", but they're outlets for his emotions and desires.Oh, and everyone in the cast is phenomenal; it's a shame Johansson is "ineligible" for an award. BS. She's fantastic, and this is an even tougher role to pull off.This is a story about life, and it's perfect.A.Full review: http://polarbearstv.com/2013/12/30/her-review/Though director Spike Jonze collaborated with Charlie Kaufman on Being John Malkovich and Adaptation, the latter didn't have a hand in Jonze's assured, moving fourth feature, but his spirit—fiendishly inventive, casually postmodern, self-lacerating, fearless, funny, and ultimately deeply sad—pervades the film. With Her, Jonze beautifully realizes a future Los Angeles where a lovesick man (Joaquin Phoenix) in the midst of a devastating divorce is so desperate for intimacy that he falls hopelessly in love with an artificially intelligent operating system, voiced by Scarlett Johansson. Jonze's screenplay acknowledges the innate absurdity of the film's premise while spinning it into an elegant, heartbreaking depiction of human loneliness and the innate need for connection. For the setting, Jonze plugged into the current era's technological mania to say something timeless and profound about love, loss, and evolving desire.Phoenix and Johansson are in top form, while Jonze's unique direction counterweights hilarity with echoing loneliness. The production design of the film is an incredible mix of hipster chic and technology- dependent futuristic, engaging the viewer with a warm visual glow throughout.In Her, Theodore, falls in love with an operating system seeking to fill the empty space a failed relationship left. As simple as it sounds, watching this movie you will explore feelings like loneliness, self discovery without it being too cheesy or hard to watch.This movie is written in a beautiful way. Common things like casual conversations and peaceful walks make this movie feel down to earth and human even though is set in a futuristic world. I also love how the future this movie sets in is not full of neon lights and cyberpunk stuff but minimalistic buildings and technology that enhances today's life.Talking about minimalism, I would consider this movie minimalistic. From the camera work to the characters involved in the plot, this movie looks tidy and clean, and focus on the plot without bringing too much filler to it. It's worth mentioning that, despite it's minimalism you won't get bored, as the plot it's a roller-coaster of emotions that will keep you glued to the screen till the end.Lastly, I would say that Joaquin Phoenix acting makes Theodore much more relatable, and Scarlett Johansson's voice is able to bring a human touch to one of the most synthetic think I could think of.Her is a beautiful movie and I think a must-watch.I recently watched Her for the 3rd time. I really like this movie. It's the kind of movie which goes beyond just watching it. It generates thoughts and feelings which last awhile. It has a fabulous aftertaste, in a manner of speaking. I want to savor it for a time after each viewing. Even the seemingly off putting letter writing as a business thing acts as a kind of commentary. Overall, I found the script and acting almost musical. Speaking of music, I thought that they did a really good job with matching the soundtrack to the events in the movie.I am in love with this film, and it is a highlight in Joaquin Phoenix & Amy Adams' careers.One word sums up this film "Perfection". That's it really!! I saw this film in 1987 when it was released and was completely blown away and like Baby I fell in love with Johnny and Patrick Swayze. It has such classic lines as "I carried a watermelon" and "Nobody puts Baby in the corner" and too many others to mention. I loved the story, the characters, the setting, the dancing, and well  the music was phenomenal not one bad song in the whole soundtrack. It just shows that you don't have to spend a fortune to make a great film. Thank you to the cast and crew for making such a wonderful film which makes me smile like a Cheshire cat whenever I watch it.This is one of those rare rare films that needs a 30 year break between the time of production and the time of the review in order to appreciate it.Since 1987 I have seen this film 7 or 8 times. Each time it just gets better. As a Prolific Review here on the IMDb, I can count on the fingers of one hand the number of films that improve with age like that.This is literally the original "feel good" dance film -- which spawned dozens if not hundreds of imitations. The script is perfect. The acting is perfect. The casting is perfect. The direction is perfect. And the music score is to die for.Nobody puts Baby in a corner? Well, nobody should ignore this film either! Also has an odd note of the "one hit wonder" label about it, which in my view only makes it more of a treat than it already is.Swayze's career was unfortunately cut short. Jennifer Grey, who practically made this role a part of her DNA, had a nose job and (the cynics say) lost a lot of later roles because the casting directors were afraid no one would recognize her. And the brilliant writer/Producer Elenor Bergstein for whom this was a labor of love (there was a documentary on this) also seemed to hang up her spurs when production wrapped.The IMDb rating is a joke. This is no less a classic in its genre than Maltese Falcon or the Matrix.See it, rent it, buy it. But don't forget it.I don't really know what it is about Dirty Dancing.. there is some sort of absolute magic in this movie.. I cannot possibly recount the hundreds (yes, hundreds)of times I've watched it, beginning to end... but every time I do come upon it on TV, I am entranced and mystified and sit myself down and there I am, for two hours, loving the movie as if I'm watching it for the first time. Although Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey absolutely hated each other throughout the making of this film, they possess a beautiful chemistry on the set.. it makes the viewer enjoy it that much more, to see this passion and commitment.. and I can't help tearing up a tiny bit at the end, when Patrick comes up to the Houseman family and tells her dad, "Nobody puts Baby in a corner". (classic moment) For all those people who believe this movie is corny and sappy, maybe in a way it is, but it was the penicle of the 80's films, and put Patrick Swayze right on the map; his performance was immaculate. Three Cheers for Dirty Dancing !!Ps- The soundtrack is fantastic, an absolute masterpieceThis movie has stood the test of time. Jennifer Grey and Patrick Swayze make movie magic with the sultry dance moves. The choreography and the music make this a ride you will not want to get off of. Now considered a cult classic, it has spawned a television series, Broadway production and most recently a remake (that was horrific). Fantastic piece of celluloid history that ought to be revisited every now and again.I'm Male-and yes i am straight! but this doesn't stop making this film one of my all time favourite films!I'm also convinced i'm not alone! I know for a fact there are blokes out there that either admittedly or secretly enjoy watching and love this classic film! (Not just English/British men-but men world wide!) and rightly so...nearly 18 years on, and this film is STILL watched and enjoyed- world wide, and people are still able to relate to it.I know all the words i've seen it that many times!Most of my dance moves i use for work-are taken from this film!There's so much energy.In fact it is my firm belief, if people were brought up thinking watching these types of films are deemed as 'cool' and OK to watch the world would be a slightly better place to live.An enjoyable film that doesn't make you want to go out into the world and cause havoc and heartache-do drugs or get into gun crime (coz its classed as being 'cool')this films makes you want to find a girl-that you can love and feel that special feeling felt in this film.It also makes you want to go out and enjoy yourself by simply Dancing!It's free,Legal and makes you feel good-while keeping you fit and healthy-not forgetting FUN! In my opinion, the films main two themes are 'LOVE', the true love story between Baby and Johnny (Jennifer Gray and Mr Swayze) (compared to Baby's sister's relationship-where she was just used for sex) plus classic Music. Yes music! The type you can really dance to! Every song on the soundtrack is fantastic! In true cheesy Dj style, i still play all the old classics from the soundtrack (especially 'Time of my life')and is still goes down a treat every single time! You just can't stop yourself! Anyway-everyone has wrote hundreds of reviews, and has pretty much summed up this film and explained the story...all thats left to say is....If you haven't seen this film yet...go treat yourself, buy the DVD (you can get if for an average of £5 or less (British pounds) Roughly 9 American Dollars (i think!)It's well worth it, and highly recommended.If, you enjoy the film-please go out and buy one of the 'Dirty Dancing' soundtracks- especially the Ultimate Dirty Dancing (released in the UK 2004 in celebration of the films anniversary- as it contains all of the songs and is digitally remastered. (I got my second personal copy from the British supermarket 'Tescos' for an amazing £6! (For anyone 'Up North' try 'Music Zone' as its only £6 in there too!Anyway-cheers for taking the time to read this-i'm sorry i went on a bit! If your planning on seeing this film for the first time...enjoy! And as everyone else has said-very cheesily! Try and have THE TIME OF YOUR LIFE!I will go as far to say 10/10. Highly enjoyable-with lots of energy. Makes yo wanna move like Swayze and Gray!This timeless summer love story is a classic and will never be dated. I can't even count how many times I've seen Dirty Dancing. This is one movie that I could probably watch every few weeks and still love.There is something timeless about this movie. I have loved other "blockbuster love story movies" like Pretty Woman and when Harry met Sally. I think their up there but there is something about Dirty Dancing that just makes it absolutely perfect. The characters, the chemistry between Swaze and Grey, the movie's direction, the INCREDIBLE dancing, the warm summery atmosphere, everything about dirty dancing is absolutely perfect. It is an instant classic and I've never really seen a movie like it either before or since.I don't think there is one particular element that makes this movie so loved but many things, a lot of which are mentioned by numerous reviewers. Dirty Dancing has a nostalgic, languid, summery mood, realistic characters, a relateable honest message coupled with incredible music and dancing, and the one of the best dance sequences cinema has ever given us. This movie is always on TV and I will continue to watch it as long as they show it. But I WILL mention I have no interest in seeing "Havanna Nights", this one they should have left alone.I have been waiting to see this film for ages and I finally have! As soon as I heard the title I knew that this film would be my favourite film ever and when I saw it believe me I wasn't disappointed!This film had everything dance, love and Patrick Swayze! There was so much in it and it dealt with important issues, (that were at the time, 1960's) , such as abortion.The dancing in this film was fantastic, just like the acting was! Swayze was brilliant just like Grey was too!Although this film was absolutely fantastic you cannot say that you have seen it if you haven't seen the last scene. It really does take your breath away as the whole choreography of the last dance was done brilliantly, it had you dancing at the end of the film and it really wouldn't surprise me if it influenced people to take up dancing!Overall Dirty Dancing is a film NOT to be missed and even if half the actors are in the: "Where are they now?" period the actors will always have this superb film in their career!As a person in an intellectual field, stating that my favourite movie is Dirty Dancing does not come with kind looks.  I, however, have never been more mesmerized and taken by a movie before or after this one.  Everything is perfectly placed and the subtle details entwined in the major scenes are excellent: I will always consider the car scene after Baby and Johnny's dance at the Sheldrick to be one of the most masterful cinematic scenes in film history.But, alas, all Dirty Dancing fans know that the only reason they watch the movie is for the last scene. Everything building up to it is necessary and, consequently, moving . . . but that scene leaves me breathless and goosebumped to this day.Do not avoid this movie because it is seemingly a superficial teenage romance.  It is not; on the contrary, it is a beautiful picture about life, hardships and of course, love.I viewed this movie for the first time last night and I enjoyed every aspect of it the dancing, the acting, the dialogue, the plot, the script and the whole atmosphere that this movie created. I would highly recommend it.Jennifer Grey gives an absolutely wonderful and first class performance in her role as Frances (Baby) Houseman. She has a natural ability and flair for dancing and she is beautiful and enchanting on the dance floor. But what is wonderful about Baby is that she has such a wonderful depth and dimension to her character. This is not simply a movie about dancing but the scriptwriters have also given us a chance to see Baby deal with the various emotions and feelings that she is experiencing throughout the movie and to allow us an insight into how her interaction with others at the camp changes her life. Grey portrays her character with such realism and poignancy that you end up feeling deeply for Baby as she experiences all she does in this movie.Patrick Swayze is magnificent in his role as Johnny and truly succeeds in making his character come alive. He gives his character a comprehensive personality, strong appeal and great depth. The chemistry between Swayze and Grey is enchanting and powerful and contributes significantly to the great success of this movie Cynthia Rhodes is great in her role of Penny and her portrayal of the ordeal that she experiences is truly powerful and contributes a frightening dimension to the film. The other members of the supporting cast Jerry Orbach and the late Mark Cantor deserve a special mention here-also give wonderful and imaginative performances that gives this movie an additional dimension of high quality acting and believability that is wonderful to experience. The dancing is magnificent and first class on the part of all involved. The script and interaction between all the major characters is intriguing and engages the viewer in a powerful fashion. The plot, although exceedingly predictable, is given more than enough life and vitality to make this movie successful. Furthermore the wonderful selection of music contained in this movie creates a truly magical atmosphere and very nostalgic environment that enhances the quality and success of all the various scenes.`Dirty Dancing' is a truly powerful, magnificent and very appealing movie that leaves you deeply touched and with a wonderful feeling in your heart and soul and an inspiration to dance. I highly recommend itThis is the best movie ever, but that is my opinion. Some say it's cheesy but I think it is truly a beautiful film. The chemistry between Jennifer Grey and Patrick Swayze it's like no other I have ever seen, and that is what makes the film so perfect. I always wonder what would have been of this film if these two actors never existed, because not just one them did it for me, they both did. If you have never seen this film, when you do you will understand what I mean. Dirty Dancing looks like it was done from the heart and it feels so real for some reason, like magic- and the soundtrack LOVE IT. Besides the 2 lead actors the soundtrack makes the film the beauty that it is. As you can tell I am in love with this film, and I know you will be too.Your Name is just a good movie. This movie felt long, but not too long. All the way through, I was asking what would happen next. It was clever, emotional, and left me crying after the movie. The twist was done really well, and I almost wanted to pause the movie. Also, the animation is gorgeous. You get to see detailed images from many angles and perspectives, and there were hundreds of animators! The credits didn't start out with the cast like it usually would. The first thing you saw after a black screen was hundreds of names of animators and designers. I watched this movie again and I still felt my muscles ready to let tears out. I would not recommend this movie any less than the next guy, so what are you waiting for? Get a couple of friends and watch Your Name!Buy two copies of this DVD but never ever even bother with the coming American remake.Do you think the Hollywood system will allow a woman to be pretty and love her body and keep any fan service?
Not a chance.Who needs remakes of perfection anyway?Kimi no Nawa is up there with the quality of work Studio Ghibli makes. It's a journey in a world breathing with atmosphere, mystery, and visual wonder. A journey about growth and resilience in the face of overwhelming odds. A journey about human emotion that transcends space and time, as we watch our two protagonists struggle relentlessly against fate. A journey that might just be one of the most captivating anime movie experiences I've had in years. Director Makoto Shinkai's artistry is something people tend to love or hate, but this film is solid proof to all of his disdainful critics that his movies were never "just eye candy". They explore the nature of life and relationships in quiet ways rarely seen or discussed, which is why most of them are not fast-paced or action packed...and why they are so beautiful. But even if you're not a fan of this kind of style with its major use of metaphorical imagery and mixture of subtle and explosive emotions, definitely give Kimi no Nawa a chance. This is by far his most ambitious, original movie in many ways. For instance, there's an actual mystical element to the story apart from his previous films that are set purely on realism. The pacing is a lot faster and intense. There's a surprising amount of humor in the script, making the chemistry between the characters more light-hearted and comically entertaining than expected. All of this is done through a narrative vision so emotional, so brilliantly realized, that I'm pretty sure everyone at the Anime Expo world premiere screening was tearing up, including me. Without spoiling, what mainly drives this film's story is the dynamics of our main characters' relationship. The way these two interact is just so unique and lovable. The premise itself allows them to bond on a more personal level, far more intriguing than the usual teenage love story where boy meets girl, boy likes girl, boy gets girl. Eventually, you become so invested in their strange relationship, that when all the action goes down, it's no longer just suspenseful - it's almost heartbreaking. Editing and sound design play a HUGE role in this immersion. There's rarely a single dull moment because of how gripping and emotionally driven the timing of every cut is. The sound design combined with a beautiful music score is outstanding - subtle and moving when creating atmosphere, powerful at times of dramatic conflict. In fact, the same can be said for pretty much all of the visual aesthetics - which if I haven't already mentioned, are amazing. This is a prime example of astonishingly jaw-dropping animation combined with powerful storytelling.Kimi no Nawa is not just any anime movie. It has the potential to be viewed and studied as art cinema. It's so beautifully crafted and meticulously detailed, I feel like I didn't even cover 80% of its greatness in this review. To do that, I would have to make a spoiler analysis review, and to do that, I would probably have to see the movie again, maybe a couple more times before I can fully appreciate this nearly flawless masterpiece. I know I sound like I'm fanboying, but as a film student and anime fan for many years, I'm being fully honest here - if Director Makoto Shinkai keeps this kind of quality up, he is going to be an even bigger name in the anime industry for years to come. Remember Your Name long enough until it's available in your country, if you're not seeing it in Japan theaters. Because trust me, you're not going to forget it. 10/10I went in to see Kimi no Na ha without knowing anything about the movie. I had simply been intrigued by the movie poster with the comet as a background to two high school students living in wildly different environments - and the excellent reviews on its Friday release convinced me to see it just the day after.Not knowing anything about the movie made me relish every single moment of it. The two main characters would, it seems, never have the occasion to meet each other, but through a mysterious circumstance are led to share some of their waking hours with each other. At first, the movie struck a compelling, funny and nostalgic view at high school life in Japan, love, friendship, puberty, teenage angst and some elements of mysticism. It felt like a very fresh and charming sentimental love comedy with a dash of depth and teenage angst. And it already utterly captured me at that point.Yet midway, the movie veers resolutely into dramatic, and more mystical territory, while managing to keep the lighthearted tone it had reached during the first half at just the right moments. Together with one of the main characters, I was shocked and powerless upon learning of one aspect that had eluded both protagonists, as well as the audience. At the same time, a trope often used in science-fiction got thrown into the mix and the stakes suddenly get much higher, making me look back to the first half of the movie and thinking "wwwooooowww I get it now", while following the paths of the protagonists, which, just like the Kumi Himo (thread making?) that Miyamizu Shrine makes, represent time itself. Meeting, diverging, tangling, getting cut, doubling back. The second half of the film is a perfect adventure, full of suspense, humor, hope, and yes, tears. And at some points, it gets close to tragedy (one scene in a train left a huge lump in my throat). In some respect it reminded me of Spirited Away (my long time favorite animation movie), in which both main characters grow thanks to the other, and whose paths had crossed and would cross again, beyond memory or reality.Saying more would spoil the movie, so I have been very, very vague. Suffice it to say the movie made me laugh, cry, get the goosebumps, and got me to the edge of my seat at some points. It really had great storytelling, pacing, characters, and emotions throughout. I loved it.The visuals were also gorgeous. Absolutely gorgeous. Tokyo is more real than the real Tokyo, and the director, animators, background artists, and computer artists seem to have devilish fun playing with lighting and getting some of the most beautiful scenes and moments I can recall in an animation movie.I should mention the music as well, which was very, very good. I know RADWIMPS (I went to see them live a couple of years back), but was surprised at the tone they achieved, and how well it fit with the movie - the music, along with the visuals, really help in getting a full immersion into the story.However, some of the most hilarious jokes in the movie seem to be untranslatable to English - in particular the "dialects" of the main characters, as well as a specific moment that makes use of several of the ways that Japanese people use to refer to themselves, depending on context and sex (watashi, watakushi, boku, ore). So I'm looking forward to seeing how those scenes will be handled in the translation!I have since seen the movie one more time, bought the OST, and bought and read the novelization (which is almost like the movie, but does give more insight into each character's thoughts and thought processes.). Highly recommended!In truth, the most competitive area of fiction is not invasions from outer space or talking dogs or impossible missions but rather the most basic narrative of all, the love story.And this is also the most overcrowded field, and the most difficult to do right.This film, this story, is extraordinary. It reminds me of MY SASSY GIRL, a love story from Asia that captured the imagination of the world and has almost become a franchise, it's been copied so many times.It also brings to mind Richard Matheson's classic BID TIME RETURN, another love story for the ages that uses time juxtaposition. (Done as the movie SOMEWHERE IN TIME, 1980).I already gave this the highest rating on the IMDb.The animation is stunning and complimentary to this one-of-a-kind tale.All things considered, I would like to avoid the ongoing arguments about which Japanese animation studio is better, or worse, than the other. I prefer to simply be grateful that Japanese anime exists at all, because I cannot imagine any other country producing something this moving, this powerful, in graphic form.The main character is pretty and slender. The colleague at work for the boy is also pretty and slender. They are interesting and attractive characters.
Watch this again and again.So the movie is named "Your name?" and its a perfect title, it doesn't reveal anything about the content and yet it caught my interest. I tend to watch animated movies because they have so much more to offer at the same time it is a tougher competition.The story line is really good, why? Well it you are open minded it will be pretty easy to follow and accept what is going on, question about how and why get answered by themselves if you believe it is possible. Regarding the animation it give you what your mainstream point of view of Japans architecture, nature, culture and society, all from how they dress to the body language etc. The music, sound effects and voice actor/actress amplifies the emotions and guides you from start till end. There are plenty of a messages and it makes me thing about me and everything living around me, where I come from and where I am going. Regarding the character development its spot on, no more information was needed then what was provided, we are limited but at the same time free to make our own thought.I wish to say thank you to everyone who have supported and/or worked with this piece of art, they should feel really proud of themselves, it is an honor that you shared it with us (the viewers). Thank you!Absolutely fantastic! Recommended for everyone.Just watch it.Amazing characters, scenery, city life and town life, story. Everything is just wow. So fine! The suspension, the empathy, the scenes. The thoughts. It's playful and pleasant, but serious and funny at the same time. It makes you want to feel it and live it, while you just keep cheering for everything.This 1.5 hours was one of the most well spent time in my life. It was so good, that I actually sit down and wondered why we can't we live like that? Why can't we be in that village? In that anime Tokyo?Every minute is a time well-spent. It's a time SO well spent, that I was afraid when it's going to end. I literally just realized that this would be the end of an anime. Than this would be the end of an hour long movie.I was so afraid when it's going to end. It borough such a beautiful and marvelous utopia before my eyes, with all it's mistakes, conflicts. That I actually wanted to live there. I actually realized however, that I'm not good of a person to be worthy of such utopia.However it is very close to reality. Every time something out of order happens, you remember. This is a certain reality. People can die, be ashamed, punished. Everything can end in a tragedy. But when something wrong happens, nobody really cares.. and I was like: "Why? Why aren't you moving? Are you not afraid for your lives?" Than I remembered.. this is a certain utopia. Even for the people who live in it. Nothing bad happen to them, nothing really could. They are peaceful, good people, in a modern world. Nothing bad happened in the last 3 generation, why would anything happen now?This movie gave me a new set of feelings, viewpoints, happiness, thoughts and desires, I might have lacked or just not realized before. I'm really glad I watched it. It was a piece from my dreams.I have followed Makoto Shinkai's older works and most of them really have a bad ending, though still good, but this movie's sweet. He really know how to play with our emotion, especially for his work's fans who have followed his works, i'm hoping its not a bad ending during the entire movie.But man, this work is a true masterpiece. When i looked at Makoto's older works, I suddenly think, he had the potential to beat Miyazaki's spirited away, and there he goes. I'm not saying this is better than spirited away, they had a different genre and makoto had his own stunning style.How this piece of animation would turn my emotion really hard? Even Spirited Away, When Marnie was There, and 5cm per second can't do that. This is a movie that you must watch before you die, really.'Your Name' is not just one of the best animes in recent years (and there have been some very good ones), but one of the best animes ever from personal opinion.Will go even further, saying it's one of the best animated films in recent years, one of the best animated or otherwise films of the year and that it rivals the masterworks of Miyazaki. This is a huge compliment, for any anime, animated film or even any film, and a bold claim that still stands. Much of it is to do with how 'Your Name's' stayed with me and the impact it's had, a film once seen but never forgotten.The animation in 'Your Name' is stunning, so beautifully and intricately drawn with immaculate attention to detail in the backgrounds and a simply breath-taking array of ethereal but also atmospheric colours. The music fits the film's atmosphere with no problem at all and also works wonders as a soundtrack on its own, serving superbly as music on its own.Meanwhile, the script is thought-provoking and touching, with much to say and explored expertly and neatly with no heavy-handedness. The storytelling engages throughout, sucks one into its world and never lets go of the immersing and is enormously heartfelt, really investing in the characters' chemistry and their love for each other. Pacing is deliberate, but never drags due to the emotional impact and how well realised the characters are, even when noticeably slower in the second half.Characters, and the film's themes, are brilliantly written and developed, and the voice acting is emotive and fit the characters with no qualms.In summary, a truly magnificent film all round that will be remembered for years to come. Deserves all the raves it's gotten, and deserving of even more. 10/10 Bethany CoxI like, but don't love, musicals - my DVD shelves contain a selection, but the stuff there is pretty obvious: Singing in the Rain, King and I, Wizard of Oz, Moulin Rouge etc.. I'm not a Meryl Streep fan - I admire her craft, but mostly haven't liked the parts she's played. Conversely, I've always liked Abba's music. So that's my starting point when considering this movie which I have just been to see with my 80-year old mother.The story is a piece of fluff. Sophie, who lives with her mother in a dilapidated hotel on an idyllic Greek island, wants nothing more than for her father to be at her forthcoming wedding. The trouble is her father could be any one of three men with whom her mother dot dot dotted twenty years ago. So Sophie invites all three of them to her wedding and, as expected, complications ensue. The story, such as it is, is quite strong enough to enable the songs to be hooked onto it. And the songs, with one or two obvious exceptions (Money Money Money cued by the rundown state of the hotel) are very cannily worked into the story so that each one is relevant.The film looks great. The Greek locations overflow with sun and primary colours. The script is mostly fairly deft, and there is a sprinkling of decent laughs.But the film ultimately stands or falls - and it stands, believe me! - on two things: the music, and the cast.The music - sitting through this film brings home the strength of the Abba catalogue. There isn't a weak song among the two dozen which feature on the soundtrack. The music, produced by composer Benny Andersson, mostly wisely sticks very close to the original arrangements, and the occasional divergences (Greek bouzouki on I Had A Dream, for instance) are spot on.And the cast - well, they deliver. Brosnan's singing has been criticised, but he is always in tune, and he delivers a satisfactory vocal performance rather than dazzling with a polished singing technique (which he hasn't got). The four leading women are all wonderful. Julie Walters and Christine Baranski as Meryl Streep's two oldest friends are both very funny (Julie Walters has a particularly funny little bit of business in a rubber boat), and Baranski has her own knockout number. Amanda Seyfried as Sophie is simply delightful - she sings well, carries the plot and all the emotion which goes with it, and is very easy on the eye. And Meryl Streep is a revelation.This film is an utterly joyous experience. My old Mum and I came out of the cinema buoyed up by the experience of watching it, and I cannot recommend it highly enough to anyone who enjoys musicals and/or Abba's music.I saw this film at the screening on Sunday and was not too sure of what to expect from it. I hadn't seen the west end show so was not really aware of the story line but that really did not matter.As soon as the first song started I was loving it! The actors may not be that great at singing but does it matter?! They are actors after all and this is not the west end! The actors play the parts really well and make fun of themselves at the same time. The story line is fun and has laughs for all ages. Julie Waters is her fantastic self in it and Meryl Streep plays the mother really well. The dance scenes are great and well put together. Loads of people in the cinema were singing and dancing in their seats so just enjoy it and have some laughs for a few hours.If you take it for what it is, a fun laugh out loud film with good actors and fantastic songs, then you will enjoy this film so much.I suspect that this will be a summer box office hit! Enjoy it and have fun - you may need your tissues though as I'm pretty sure some of you will be crying with laughter at some of the scenes.I didn't know what to expect when going into watch "Mamma Mia", was this gonna be another Hairspray or Across the Universe or Rent? This was a lighthearted, quite enjoyable movie of its own style, Meryl Strep blew the entire audience away with her comedic persona in this movie. After seeing her in Devil Wears Prada, you are shaken momentarily after seeing her climb on top a roof singing "Mamma Mia!" and swoon and the dance teenage giddy girl dance. You'll love this movie for trio of older woman characters, they were all so funny. Mr. James Bond's character and singing was such a hilarious delight for the audience, we couldn't believe this was the man who played a top secret spy agent.With just the right amount of eccentricity, heart, and *get out of those movie chairs and DANCE IN THE AISLE* ABBA music, you'll never want this adventure to end.After watching the Mamma Mia! musical in London, I was thrilled to hear about the movie coming out. Meryl Streep in a musical seemed like just one reason to watch it. Well, I must say.. It was a lot more than what I expected! The beautiful scenery, the cast and the songs. A good mix of tears, laughter and love that will make you feel like you're a part of the gang and enjoy every bit of this movie. Not one of the cast members let me down. It really is a feel-good movie and it made me want to stand up and sing a long. The ABBA songs are made for dancing and in this movie it reassured me. The singing and the dancing put smiles on people's faces, and it makes you feel happy and as if all worries are gone. I certainly smiled during the entire movie. The cast members were all wonderful singers and especially the two lead actresses Meryl Streep and Amanda Seyfried impressed me. A well-made movie that is worth watching more than once!I have a confession to make that could land me in serious trouble here. I love this movie with a love bordering on the unnatural. Of course, I hear you saying, that can only mean one thing; you're a gay man of a certain age and if you haven't come out of the closet already. you're coming out now, and wearing sequins at the same time. No straight man, I hear you say, could love this movie with this kind of unbridled passion, so if you have aspirations to being a 100% red-blooded heterosexual male, (is there such a thing?), then keep any fondness for "Mama Mia" to yourself; you will automatically be suspect. Of course, I could just as easily be a teenage girl, (it's a chick flick, after all), and be in equally serious difficulties with my peers, for loving "Mama Mia" would then mean I had already turned into my mother, for this is a chick flick for the older chick and no mistake.I had avoided it on stage. I have never been a fan of 'juke-box' musicals where a plot is conjured up around a set of songs by a well-known group or artist. And my undiminished love of Abba, (there, I'm out of the closet - happy now?), made me shy away from, rather than run to, a show where their greatest hits were sung, karaoke-style, by others. But something drew me to the movie. Perhaps it was Meryl, (if Meryl liked it, it can't be that bad, I kept saying to myself). Perhaps it was the locations, (it all takes place on a very travelogue Greek isle). Perhaps, ultimately, it was the songs, (who isn't a dancing queen, after all). Nevertheless, going to "Mama Mia", the movie, was still like dipping my toe in the water before deciding if I wanted to do a full length of the pool. The last thing I expected was to fall head over heels, to turn into a blubbering mess, to turn into the oldest dancing queen on the block and into my mother all at the same time. "Mama Mia" is a guilty pleasure, (no self-respecting cineaste should ever admit to even liking this movie, never mind loving it), but as guilty pleasures go, this is the best junk meal you are ever likely to have.It's director, Phyllida Law, did it on the stage so at least she is familiar with the material, but she is new to movies and after the mess Susan Stroman made of "The Producers" I didn't really expect anything, but while "The Producers" was stagey,(and not in an appealing way), "Mama Mia" is genuinely cinematic. Lloyd's idea of film-making may be to let her camera roam all over the place, (she seems to have an MTV mentality), but she also knows how to build a production number. This is a fully-fledged musical of the old school. And now I am beginning to see the light. It's OK, guys, you can admit to liking "Mama Mia" without worrying too much about revealing your sexuality. Straight men are allowed to like musicals, too, aren't they? Then, of course, there are those songs, the ones we grew up loving. I read somewhere that Abba didn't write great songs because no-one covered them, unlike, say, Lennon and McCartney; that what made Abba's songs 'great' was the Abba sound. There may be something in that; the 'Abba sound' produced some of the greatest pop ever. Arguably, the songs that Abba, (and by Abba, I mean Bjorn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson), wrote and recorded are the greatest pop songs we've been given. So how do they work coming from the mouths of people who, effectively, aren't singers? (Ok, Meryl, we all know you can sing and act and probably split the atom at the same time, and the girl who plays her daughter, Amanda Seyfried, sounds very pleasant to the ear). Well, the answer is bloody marvelous. Most of these songs sound as if they were written for the film and not the other way round; in other words, they fit the plot in the way that songs in a good musical should and they are good enough to stand on their own.These are Broadway show-tunes and they aren't wholly reliant on 'the Abba sound'. So what if Julie Walters and Stellan Skarsgard croak their way through 'Take a Chance on Me'; by the time they get around to it I would have taken a chance on anyone. So Pierce Brosnan can't sing? Neither can Tom Waits or Leonard Cohen and yet we love them to bits. (Actually, Brosnan can just about manage to hold a tune and he makes a fairer fist of it than Lee Marvin or Clint Eastwood did in "Paint your Wagon"). And Meryl, of course, is wonderful. Our greatest living actress is having fun here. This is her first fully-fledged musical: I just wondered what took her so long, (her rendition of 'The Winner takes it All' is one of the great solo performances in any musical).But does any of this justify my over-whelming and totally inexplicable passion? Probably not, which is why it is inexplicable. It's not a 'great' movie, (although it could just be a 'great' musical); it often feels like a bunch of friends' best ever holiday video where they keep bursting into song with fully orchestrated backing, and it gives a totally new meaning to the term 'Greek Chorous'. So, obviously I am a middle-aged gay man with a full wardrobe of seventies gear. (I certainly haven't turned into my mother!). I mean, what other explanation can there be? Oh, I've just thought of one. It is a great movie musical and it's a terrific way to spend an evening. So I can now safely go back into my closet if I can find room among all the sequins and seventies gear.I have to admit that I was neither a fan of ABBA or of the musical show on which this movie was based upon, and didn't attend it when it was shown in my town. But I went to the movie excited about three things: a very good trailer, recommendations from all my friends and most importantly the presence of Myrel Streep and Colin Firth, two of my very favorite actors.So, let me put it that way: Mamma Mia! is one of the most entertaining pieces of cinema that I have seen in a long, long time. Yes, it doesn't have the gorgeous stylization of Moulin Rouge or the raunchiness of Chicago, but in its own way, it's just amazing. The simple presentation is backed up by a fantastic cast, a heartwarming story about love and the meaning of family, and a bunch of beautiful songs. Watching this film was one of the most beautiful movie-going experiences I had; I saw it 3 times in packed theatres, where audiences were quiet when they needed to be, and active and responsive otherwise. In those three times, the first Dancing Queen number got wild applause by the minute it was over, a proof of the entertainment value of the film. And near the end, when Donna looks at the screen and asks why everyone is still there while the credits are rolling, she says "do you want one more song?" and the entire audience would scream "YEAH". This is a first-rate crowd pleaser; a film that takes you into its world until you feel you are part of it. What an achievement.To some cynics, the story, involving a 20-year-old girl inviting three of her mother's old flames, suspecting one of them would be her father, is just an excuse to build a movie around Abba's songs. But what's wrong with that? The story is sweet and simple; the characters colorful and lovable, and the musical numbers are breathtaking without even trying to be anything spectacular. The cast are all excellent, starting with the adorable Amanda Seyfried, playing an energetic, practical girl torn between her love to her boyfriend, her sense of obligation towards her hard-working mother and her sense of incompletion because she doesn't know who her father is. A complex role, presented in an airy method, and played to perfection by the young actress. Julie Walters and Christine Baranski add comic genius to the equation as Donna's best friends, and so does Stellan Sarskard and Dominic Cooper. Colin Firth gives one of the best performances of his rich career, deserving all the praise possible for his "spontaneous" performance, and his final revelation is hilarious, and handled with so much cuteness and zero cheesiness that would be expected from Hollywood on such occasions. Pierce Brosnan was as hot as ever (sorry, can't find another word) and he added some real charm and star charisma to the picture.Which brings us to Myrel Streep. The Woman Who Can Do No Wrong. Yes, she can appear in mediocre movies, most recently in the likes of Prime and Lions for Lambs, but even then she adds a spark to the entire project, and makes watching these films an agreeable experience. In Mamma Mia! she is just absolutely fabulous: she dances, she sings, she acts like the legend she is, and in one particular scene preparing her daughter for the big night, she reminds us why she is so respected and, at 59, she is still a major Hollywood star: she is just simply a phenomenal performer. Fun, lovable, and definitely capable of handling a tune, her Super Trouper and Mamma Mia! numbers are highlights in the film.So, all in all, Mamma Mia! was the ultimate fun experience for me this year. Sweet, sensitive, and charming with a superb cast and beautiful music. Give it a shot in this summer of superheroes and bad movies, and it will help restore your faith in old-fashioned, simple cinema. If not, then at least you will have a heartwarming 2 hours of music, love and Streep and Firth excelling beyond expectations. Go see it with an open mind and, most importantly, an open heart and you will be "having the time of your life".Well, what can i say? This movie is one of the best movies i've seen in on a big screen so far! I don't particularly like musicals, but man this one is awesome! All the songs that have been chosen for it are great and popular so it was no surprise that all the time the audience was singing along with the actors :) The whole time the faces of the people around me were lightened up with a smile and everyone was happy! Me..... i had the chills going down my spine pretty much most of the time :) No one stood up before the final credits were shown and everybody was simply sitting down listening to the music, happy by the unexpected joy this movie brought them ;) I strongly recommend this piece to everyone regardless of age and genre preferences, cause i really believe that this movie is so good that there's no way not to fall in love with it! :)I went to see the film with my girlfriend and wasn't really interested, although it did have a very impressive cast! I LOVED it! What a great surprise, I laughed the whole way through and found myself completely invested in the plot!! The acting, singing and dancing was superb, I honestly believe Streep (who looked fantastic!) could be up for an Oscar.Additionally it's a genuine breath of fresh air to see a primarily older cast given roles full of fun and energy! Every one of the older cast deserve honourable mentions! (I'm 27 BTW, so its not like i'm a bitter old person either! lol) Go check it out, well worth it!I have become a "Momma Mia! aholic". The movie is probably the most fantastic movie I have ever seen. I have never seen a movie more than once at a theater. I believe the combinations of music, comedy, near Shakespearean farce, some drama, fantastic acting and unexpected cameos makes this a top, top winner in my opinion. I know it cannot qualify for music awards but it should qualify for other awards. I don't want to spoil it for anyone out there but if you haven't seen it by now, since its been out for over a month, shame on you. Part of the reason why I have gone repeatedly is because I have enjoyed the audience reactions nearly as much as the films multi-talented stars. The audience has been mostly Baby Boomers who can relate to Meryl Streep and Pierce Brosnan. It has been mostly women but when couples show up, the men hoot with laughter as much as the women. The comments overheard while leaving have always been positive and most are delighted they came; surprisingly so, they say. The movie is also an education in taking chances regarding type-casting. I hope this sets a precedent for the future of all those actors who are waiting for their chance to broaden their scope of their chosen careers. Hurray for this movie on so many levels. Go see it. Now! And again. And again.I'd been putting off going to the cinema to see this film for weeks on end. From seeing the trailer, my first thought was no way. Even though it seemed like the ultimate chick flick, which is usually my perfect genre to watch, I didn't fancy it. However, a week later my Mum asked if I'd go with her, so obviously I agreed. We never went straight away with wanting to see other current blockbusters, such as Batman etc. So I'd kept on putting it off even though everyone I work with had seen it at least once and didn't have a bad word to say about it!So about 4 or 5 weeks after release i booked the tickets, and with only 2 showings i chose the 8, thinking it would be rather quiet. When we got there we had been put in the largest screen and had to queue for about 20 minutes because it was so popular! People struggling to find seats etc..It was absolutely amazing! It was so different to how it had been advertised and how I expected it to be. I will admit during one earlier scene (Seyfield singing with her mother's diary)I thought it was far too cheesy to handle. But after that I was hooked.I really wanted to dance when the girls were dancing to 'dancing queen!' The entire film was just really fast paced and happy. I enjoyed every song, and I think Amanda Seyfield has a beautiful voice. I'm not a fan of Abba, but i loved the entire soundtrack. I loved how there was a middle aged guy sat next to me, trying really hard not to let on that he was enjoying the film. Foot tapping etc.One thing I didn't expect was the cry during the film. I don't really cry at the cinema but I couldn't stop weeping on the scene when Donna and her daughter are getting ready for her wedding. I thought it added a really serious moment to the film, making me appreciate it more. Oh and another thing. The location! Wow.I don't know what people were expecting. I hadn't read the books before seeing the movie and I am assuming that maybe this was a good thing. I enjoyed the film. I do not agree with the lack of chemistry either. There was a weird chemistry which I believe made sense because of the unusual relationship. He is an odd character and she is intimidated and is also very innocent therefore it isn't going to be the usual sexual chemistry that you would find in a romantic film. A lot of people have said there was not enough sex or it was not raunchy enough. Firstly, if there were any more sex scenes it would have got quite boring, and instead we got to see a bit of a story line. Also there is only so much that they can show in a film, surely? What were people expecting? Also one final point in relation to the comments I have seen regarding the film giving S&M a bad name; I don't agree. This is a specific story about one guy who is into specific things and goes about things a particular way. It was all consensual (and it is made clear that it must be). The whole point of the story is that Christian Grey's sexual desires are confusing for Anatasia to understand and that the relationship is quite complicated due to their mutual feelings for each other. I have also seen comments that this film is sexist and degrades women. This film does not promote that at all it merely shows a story of someone who practises in S&M and in this instance the man is the dominant. She has a choice as to whether she wants to engage in this and the film does not say "this is okay" and "woman should do this". The character was not forced to do anything. I do not get why people feel the need to accuse films of implying or portraying such things.Obviously this film is not perfect and there are things that could have been better but I enjoyed this film and personally would recommend it to others. I can get quite bored in films but I was not bored at all, I have paid more to see films that are A LOT worse than this.I was a little hesitant when I decided to go watch the movie, since in my opinion most movies made from books lack a lot of scenes that are originally in the book. Jamie and Dakota have a palpable connection, despite other negative reviews (another reason why I was doubting this movie), cinematography was great, and over all this movie was if not completely then very close to what I was expecting after reading the books. Right after leaving the movie theater I wanted to go back and watch it again, it leaves you wanting to know more about Christian Grey, even when you've already read the books. I'm looking forward to the next one and I recommend you watch this one and don't listen to all the negative reviews. I loved it!This movie is really not as bad as everyone is making it out to be. Many voters haven't even seen it and others have hated it before they saw it.I was so focused on the book the first time I saw it that I didn't really appreciate the movie for what it was. Then a friend dragged me in for a second viewing and I knew what to expect. I was very surprised because it wasn't as bad as I thought the first time.No, it is not a masterpiece. And it's missing many scenes from the book - a book that was terribly written and originally was a Twilight fanfic (which still pains me),but had a good story. This is the story, they should focus on.The sex scenes were not necessary to that extent and they should have cut it short. Dakota Johnson was not my favorite choice for Ana Steele. She's not tiny enough. But I found her actually very fun and quite good. Jamie Dornan was a good Christian for me, though many do not agree. A few times his accent slipped, but other than that he did a very good job. Sadly the script didn't give Jamie and Dakota much room to explore their roles. It was too shallow so I applaud them for doing it so well.But a few casting choices were not so good. Elliot was not a sweet, hot lady killer, but looked more like a creepy drug dealer. Kate was not gorgeous enough and Grace (Christians mom) was too young.All the criticism for being anti feminism is something I don't understand. We start out with seeing a girl who doesn't have any self-esteem and lets everyone walk all over her. Then she meets a man who gives her confidence to stand up for herself. She finds her own inner strength. Also, there's no rape between Ana and Christian, not in the movie nor the book.Many from the BDSM community complains that the book makes it seem that you can only be into BDSM if you have psychological problems. It isn't true. Ana discovers that she likes it too and that 'it isn't the how that was wrong. It was the why'. There's nothing wrong with liking BDSM, but it is wrong if you do it to punish and work out your personal problems. I think it's sad that the movie has such a bad rating on IMDb because it's not terrible. Many horrible movies have better ratings so it's obviously because of the hype that many don't like the movie (or the books for that matter).Go watch the movie without expectations. You'd be surprised.Well, I read all three books. The first two book is kinda filled with lots of steamy stuff but third book is more interesting. Me and my fiancé had a chance to go at a pre-screening of the movie. And to tell you the truth, this is probably 98% match with the book. People complain no matter what. "It's not like the book...blah blah...Oh, its like the book. No new material..." But I say, this is not everyone's cup of tea. I like it because it has sensuality. People think this movie promotes violence. I don't see any violence in here and neither does my fiancé. These are acts of two adult, consenting to perform BDSM. It is not full on torture to mean and hurt anyone. Again, its not for everyone. So if you don't like it. Stay away of it rather than putting negative comments and confusing people. I understand this can be new to some people and be little uncomfortable but that's what everything new is going to be like. So, I liked the movie and enjoyed it even though lots of nakedness. But, hey this is the 50 shades of Grey!I loved the book to movie adaptation; overall the movie is basically just like the book. There were a few scenes that had to be left out but there was no way they could translate the entire book into the movie. The sex scenes were tastefully done. IMO if people like the book they will like the movie. Dakota did an amazing job of portraying every facet of Ana. Dakota did an amazing job of portraying every facet of Ana. I am a huge Charlie Hunnam fan, actually he is the reason I finally gave in and read the books, I was upset when he backed out and doubted at first Jamie being castHOWEVER after seeing the moving, Jamie is Christian, he brought the stiff, standoffish, cold, older in manner than years Christian from book1 to life, I could see his struggles with realizing he actually felt real emotions about a woman, the struggle with changing for her, staying away from her. Honestly, after watching the movie I can't see anyone else as Christian or Ana. In book 2, Fifty Shades Darker, Christian really starts to evolve and we learn more about him and I can't wait to see Jamie bring FSD Christian to life. The ending had me in tears and I went home and immediately started a re-read of book 2 Fifty Shades Darker. Applause to Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson, Sam Taylor-Johnson, Kelly Marcel, EL James and the entire cast and crew for bring Fifty Shades of Grey to life in such a splendid, classy, funny, sexy manner!!! Bring on Darker and Freed!!!!Fifty shades of grey, was actually a good movie. i don't know why people say the opposite, but i really enjoyed watching it.To be clear, i haven't read the book,so i can not compare the book to the movie, i do not know if there were scenes that were not shown in the movie or if there was deterioration of the characters of the book,etc etc.Its a romantic story, of a girl who falls in love with grey, but he is dealing with his own demons (he is fifty shades of f*cked up), as he calls himself, unable to love unable to be touched, he only wants to rule,be the dominate male, and has this playgrounf to feed his appetite. Anna, falls inlove with him, she tries her best to understand him, tries to please him by doing all that he wants, but in the end she cannot handle it anymore and leaves. Gray does not want her to leave, he has feelings for her, he does not want to accept the fact that anna is changing him.As i said, it is an interesting movie, with a nice plot and romance, the erotica scenes, were not disturbing to me, there where well played so as not to make it look like a porn movie.I saw this film on Valentine's weekend, And as all book to film situations the film lacks the description, and this book holds a lot of description especially where fueling imagination goes. The film always had a lot to live up to. But i think they did it well. A few of the scenes jumped through quite quickly without explaining what was happening so I'm hoping maybe when they release the DVD there will be some uncut scenes added or bonus scenes. I think you understand Ana quite well but you miss some of Christians Depth, and how he really feels about Ana. But overall i really did enjoy it, the scenes played well, and were a lot more raunchy than i was expecting. And very funny in places. A great start to the series. I think most people love the second book more so hopefully more detail next time please.As for Jamie and Dakota, I think they had all the chemistry there, and did it really well. I think the script was more lacking than the actors playing them.The directing was great and the overall look and feel of the film was great. i think the book to film sets were exactly as they should of been, and felt they kept true to the books.Great film did exactly what it said on the tin :)I feel like everyone who is writing all these reviews are people who haven't seen the movie and are just saying it "sucks" because of everything they've heard. I read the books and loved them and I told my friends to go watch the movie with me. One of my friends heard there was "rape" and all this other BS. There's no rape, no abuse, nothing. It was all consensual. The movie itself was really good they followed the book and got most of the key points and there was also a little comedy in there! So don't listen to these stupid reviews and watch it because apart from all the moms it was amazing, I really hope they make fifty shades darker soon because my standards are really high now3.6.Is that even possible?The movie was really good ,not great but really good.It really exceeded my expectations ,of course that some parts of the movie should appear on the screen ,but that was the choice of the director and I agree with what has been done.When I arrive to the cinema , my mind was boiling and my heart was pounding really fast(maybe some people will considerer it ridiculous).But when it starts was a really joy to see it.Also,the actors made a really good job ,specially Jamie and Dakota(the others basically didn't have to much to say). However,I don't know how I will wait more 2 years for the next movie ,since I read all the three books just a couple months ago and the second book was my favourite.This time my expectations will be even more high,because we will see a different side of Christian ,more tender,romantic and generous man .Maybe Spoilers here!I went to see the movie today and was a little afraid after seeing the rating. But as a hardcore Fifty Shades of Grey fan I was ready to jump in and give it a try.So I will be quick with my points~ Dakota Johnson..Stunning..she was cute..charming...and classy she brought Anastasia Steele to life in front of me just the way I had pictured her from reading the 3 books.~ Jamie Dornan...yes his accent came through sometimes but I didn't notice it enough to make a big deal of it like some people are seeming to. His acting to me was great, his body language perfect, his look is amazing, he is a stunning man and a great actor. Too me he was intense, intimidating and kept me begging for me. ~ The sex...was wow...kept me on my seats. I was a little afraid about seeing the red room in person and I thought they did it tastefully and to me it wont scare away people who have not read the books. ~ Chemistry...who says they don't have Chemistry? or that the actors hate each other? You even see in the interview where they said Jamie would cover her up, they obviously have to care about each other and I never see any bad vibes between. Their chemistry in the movie was great, something most women are gonna be dreaming of having.~ It followed the books perfectly without being boring. They added their own flare to scenes to keep it from feeling like it was read straight out of the book.~ The ending was done just the way I imagined, it leaves us open and wanting for the 2nd film especially for anyone who hasn't read the books. My mother went with my group and she has never read a page of the books. But she left the theater wanting to know when the 2nd movie was coming out so she could know what happens to them. ~ I expected there to be many haters of this movie, and its not going to be every ones cup of tea but I believe that its going in the right direction and the 2nd and 3rd movie will have more variety as anyone who has read the books knows where the plot goes. We can focus on romance/sex/ and then add some action in there and suspense.~ I love Dakota and Jamie. I hope they don't go through reading these and be to hard on themselves. They did a great job, so let them ignore the crap reviews and realize the real fans are here to support them!! <3 <3 <3I did not want to watch this movie but took my wife to see it, because we both saw the one with Kris Kristofferson and Barbra Streisand, growing up. The crowd was a lot older than we were(we are almost 50) it was the biggest screen they had at our theater and seats a lot but it was maybe half full on Sunday afternoon. Not one dry eye in the place, it had a great tempo and didn't drag on or have any lulls in the story. We were both very pleased and are still engaging in conversations about the movie. It's my opinion to highly recommend to everyone go out and watch a great movie and a heartfelt movie that redefines love in this time and age we live in. That is my two cents, hope you enjoy as much as we have.A magnificent movie, captivating performances by Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga. The ultimate shock was how brilliant Lady Gaga was, we knew she could sing, but didn't have any idea just how far her acting talent stretches!
After watching that I can tell you it stretches far enough to earn her some Oscar gold. 
The movie is outstanding, the music is annoyingly perfect, the cast is great and everything shouts Oscar worthy movie. 
Ten out of ten!Bradley cooper and Lady Gaga collaboration on this remake of the classic A Star Is Born results in an outstanding movie and soundtrack that keeps you looking ofr more until the very end of the movie.This movie really touched my heart, it really is the best movie of the year and everyone should see this masterpiece. I was impressed by Gaga's acting skills, she deserves an Oscar! And her voice.... Omg she is so perfect, the song I Will Never Love Again is so majesticPoised to be an instant classic, almost everything about this film is phenomenal - the acting, the cinematography, the discography, etc.A movie that will take you to another world full of emotions. Lady Gaga is an amazing actress with impressive acting skills! The songs are pure art and her voice will give you chills, you'll just find yourself in tears! 
I don't need to talk about the legendary Bradley Cooper!! This is literally the best movie of 2018 
And one of the best Musical/Romance movies ever!Without any further doubt, Bradley Cooper truly delivers a topnotch, riveting, and outstanding directorial debut and performance that clearly speaks of magnificence and greatness. Despite the fact that A Star is Born has been retold several times in its iteration from 1937, 1954, and 1976, the excellent screenplay and direction clearly shows an effective and superb storytelling that can make an devastating and powerful impact while making itself as fresh as its own that serves as a contemporary modern musical classic for the modern generation. Even its depiction of depression, addiction, mental issues as well fame are well accurately portrayed. Clearly, this film blends well with emotion, love, inspiration and sensibilities.Lady Gaga is also incredibly remarkable within this film. Her knockout acting performance clearly blew anyone's minds and with her fantastic singing voice, elevates the great quality of the film. Sam Elliott has also given a memorable and exceptional performance. Even the chemistry of Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga are really off the charts and skyrocketed into a spectacular and amazing experience.Another remarkable qualities that the film presented with is the realistic and colorful cinematography and masterful editing but what truly shines above it all is the music and the songs as it's considered as the heart and soul of the film.This is definitely of the year's best film and will be worth remembered as a memorable musical masterpiece that will be a part of the classical musicals such as La La Land, Moulin Rouge!, and etc.I didn't expect this movie to be THAT HUGE. The movie is full of emotions and deep moments that I've found myself in tears. The songs are amazing, the act is amazing and I can say that this is movie of the yearHope this is not the last time we see Bradley direct and Gaga act.Both Lady Gaga & Bradley Cooper were able to show of their creative talents in this with the stunning songs in the soundtrack, Bradley's directional skills & Gaga's acting! I would definitely consider this to be one of those movies which you HAVE to watch. This movie will definitely remain timeless and will move you to tears :)There are literally hundreds of comments about this movie on IMDB.  Many of them exhort its greatness.  I don't disagree with them.But I'd like to add a suggestion to those of you out there who haven't seen this film.  I'd like to tell you HOW to watch it.The people who made this movie didn't think they were producing a masterpiece. Bergman left the shoot disgusted.  The screenwriters were on salary for Warners, writing half a dozen movies a year, and this was just one more.  Bogie was punching the clock in the middle of a workhorse career.So as an audience member, you can't sit down expecting gilded greatness.Don't have a Casablaca party.  Don't watch it on your first date, hoping it will lend that "Romantic Touch."  Don't watch it as part of your "I need to watch the Best 10 movies of all time" Film School project.Buy this movie on DVD.  Have it at the ready.  And then, one Friday night, when your plans fall through and you find it's 10:30pm and there's nothing on TV that's any good, open a six pack of beer, or pour yourself some wine, and watch this movie in a darkened room.The characters in Casablanca are absolutely devoid of sentimentalism.  Every one of them sees the world without a hint of rose color in their lenses.  As Rick says, "Three little people don't amount to a hill of beans in this big old world."  If you're in a mood where you understand what he's saying, watch this movie and it will transport you.There is no single movie that deserves to be called the best movie of all time.  Because movies, when all is said and done, don't amount to a hill of beans.  They are meant to entertain us, not for us to worship THEM.But no movie has ever known this fact like Casablanca.
If you watch Casablance this way, with no expectations, with no "hype," you might catch 10 percent of its greatness on one viewing.  And that will be enough to start you on your way.Happy viewing, kid.There is a scene about halfway through the movie Casablanca that has become commonly known as 'The Battle of the Anthems' throughout the film's long history. A group of German soldiers has come into Rick's Café American and are drunkenly singing the German National Anthem at the top of their voice. Victor Lazlo, the leader of the French Resistance, cannot stand this act and while the rest of the club stares appalled at the Germans, Lazlo orders the band to play 'Le Marseilles (sic?)' the French National Anthem. With a nod from Rick, the band begins playing, with Victor singing at the top of HIS voice. This in turn, inspires the whole club to begin singing and the Germans are forced to surrender and sit down at their table, humbled by the crowd's dedication. This scene is a turning point in the movie, for reasons that I leave to you to discover. As I watched this movie again tonight for what must be the 100th time, I noticed there was a much smaller scene wrapped inside the bigger scene that, unless you look for it, you may never notice. Yvonne, a minor character who is hurt by Rick emotionally, falls into the company of a German soldier. In a land occupied by the Germans, but populated by the French, this is an unforgivable sin. She comes into the bar desperately seeking happiness in the club's wine, song, and gambling. Later, as the Germans begin singing we catch a glimpse of Yvonne sitting dejectedly at a table alone and in this brief glimpse, it is conveyed that she has discovered that this is not her path to fulfillment and she has no idea where to go from there. As the singing progresses, we see Yvonne slowly become inspired by Lazlo's act of defiance and by the end of the song, tears streaming down her face, she is singing at the top of her voice too. She has found her redemption. She has found something that will make her life never the same again from that point on. Basically, this is Casablanca in a nutshell. On the surface, you may see it as a romance, or as a story of intrigue, but that is only partially correct.The thing that makes Casablanca great is that it speaks to that place in each of us that seeks some kind of inspiration or redemption. On some level, every character in the story receives the same kind of catharsis and their lives are irrevocably changed. Rick's is the most obvious in that he learns to live again, instead of hiding from a lost love. He is reminded that there are things in the world more noble and important than he is and he wants to be a part of them. Louis, the scoundrel, gets his redemption by seeing the sacrifice Rick makes and is inspired to choose a side, where he had maintained careful neutrality. The stoic Lazlo gets his redemption by being shown that while thousands may need him to be a hero, there is someone he can rely upon when he needs inspiration in the form of his wife, who was ready to sacrifice her happiness for the chance that he would go on living. Even Ferrai, the local organized crime leader gets a measure of redemption by pointing Ilsa and Lazlo to Rick as a source of escape even though there is nothing in it for him. This is the beauty of this movie. Every time I see it (and I have seen it a lot) it never fails that I see some subtle nuance that I have never seen before. Considering that the director would put that much meaning into what is basically a throw away moment (not the entire scene, but Yvonne's portion) speaks bundles about the quality of the film. My wife and I watched this movie on our first date, and since that first time over 12 years ago, it has grown to be, in my mind, the greatest movie ever made.Spoilers ahead, but then again, who isn't familiar with Casablanca, even if one hasn't seen it?I've been watching 'Casablanca' over and over again since I bought the Special Edition DVD, and is there any film out there one can watch again and again without ever being tired of it? And does any film appeal to a broader audience? Just everything about it seems to be as close to perfection as it only can be.But what exactly is so special about it? Is it its great genre mix, never equaled by another film? When we think of 'Casablanca' first, we remember it as a romantic film (well, most of us do). But then again, its also a drama involving terror, murder and flight. One can call it a character study, centering on Rick. And there are quite a few moments of comedic delight, just think of the pickpocket ("This place is full of vultures, vultures everywhere!") or the elderly couple on the last evening before their emigration to the US ("What watch?").But 'Casablanca' is not only great as a whole, it still stands on top if we break it apart and look at single lines of dialog, scenes or performances alone. Is there any other film which has more quotable dialog than 'Casablanca'? 'Pulp Fiction' is on my mind here, and 'All About Eve' and 'Sunset Blvd.' come close, too, but still I think 'Casablanca' tops everything else. And not only is the dialog great, it's unforgettably delivered, especially by Humphrey Bogart ("I was misinformed.") and Claude Rains ("I am shocked, shocked to find that gambling is going on here"). Many of scenes have become a part of film history; the duel of 'Die Wacht am Rhein' and 'La Marseillaise' is probably one of the greatest scenes ever shot (the only I can think of that would rival it for the #1 spot is Hynkel and the globe from Chaplin's 'The Great Dictator'), and the last scene is probably even familiar to the few people who've never seen 'Casablanca'. Am I the only one who is absolutely convinced that the film wouldn't have become what it is today if Rick and Ilsa would have ended up as the lucky couple?About the performances: So much has been said about the uniqueness of Humphrey Bogart's and Ingrid Bergman's chemistry as Rick and Ilsa, about Claude Rains' terrific turn as Renault, about the scene-stealing performances by Peter Lorre (one of the 10 all-time greatest actors) as Ugarte and Sydney Greenstreet as Ferrari and about Dooley Wilson stopping the show as Sam. I'd love to emphasize here two other performances, one that is not mentioned quite as often and one which is blatantly overlooked: Conrad Veidt as Major Strasser had a really difficult task here, as his character is the only evil one, but still Strasser is not a one-dimensional character, and it took more than 50 years until another actor gave an equally (maybe even more) impressive performance as a Nazi, Ralph Fiennes in 'Schindler's List'. But why no one ever mentions S. K. Sakall, who plays Carl, the jolly waiter at Rick's Café Américain, is beyond me. He has definitely more screen time than Lorre, Greenstreet and Wilson, and probably about as much as Veidt, and he's a joy whenever he's on the screen. I simply love his reaction when the pickpocket ("Vultures everywhere!") accidentally bumps into him, or the reaction to the "What watch"-dialog. Or how he says he gave Strasser the best table, "being a German, he would have taken it anyway". His performance is simply criminally overlooked.So is there a weakest link in 'Casablanca'? Every film, no matter how close to perfection, has a minor flaw or two, so one can find them in 'Casablanca', too, if one really tries hard. So yes, one might ask how much sense the entire mumbo jumbo about the letters of transit makes. One might point out that Paul Henreid, although his performance is certainly good, doesn't come close to the greatness of any of his co-stars. However, the film is so close to perfection that I'm almost ashamed that I'm so desperately trying to find less-than-perfect elements.So whatever films will come, how many sequels will overflow the screen, and how much junk we will have to sit through, one thing is certain if we're desperate to see a great film: We'll always have Casablanca!"Casablanca" remains Hollywood's finest moment, a film that succeeds on such a vast scale not because of anything experimental or deliberately earthshaking in its design, but for the way it cohered to and reaffirmed the movie-making conventions of its day. This is the film that played by the rules while elevating the form, and remains the touchstone for those who talk about Hollywood's greatness.It's the first week in December, 1941, and in the Vichy-controlled African port city of Casablanca, American ex-pat Rick Blaine runs a gin joint he calls "Rick's Cafe Americaine." Everybody comes to Rick's, including thieves, spies, Nazis, partisans, and refugees trying to make their way to Lisbon and, eventually, America. Rick is a tough, sour kind of guy, but he's still taken for a loop when fate hands him two sudden twists: A pair of unchallengeable exit visas, and a woman named Ilsa who left him broken-hearted in Paris and now needs him to help her and her resistance-leader husband escape.Humphrey Bogart is Rick and Ingrid Bergman is Ilsa, in roles that are archetypes in film lore. They are great parts besides, very multilayered and resistant to stereotype, and both actors give career performances in what were great careers. He's mad at her for walking out on him, while she wants him to understand her cause, but there's a lot going on underneath with both, and it all spills out in a scene in Rick's apartment that is one of many legendary moments."Casablanca" is a great romance, not only for being so supremely entertaining with its humor and realistic-though-exotic wartime excitement, but because it's not the least bit mushy. Take the way Rick's face literally breaks when he first sees Ilsa in his bar, or how he recalls the last time he saw her in Paris: "The Germans wore gray, you wore blue." There's a real human dimension to these people that makes us care for them and relate to them in a way that belies the passage of years.For me, and many, the most interesting relationship in the movie is Rick and Capt. Renault, the police prefect in Casablanca who is played by Claude Rains with a wonderful subtlety that builds as the film progresses. Theirs is a relationship of almost perfect cynicism, one-liners and professions of neutrality that provide much humor, as well as give a necessary display of Rick's darker side before and after Ilsa's arrival.But there's so much to grab onto with a film like this. You can talk about the music, or the way the setting becomes a living character with its floodlights and Moorish traceries. Paul Henreid is often looked at as a bit of a third wheel playing the role of Ilsa's husband, but he manages to create a moral center around which the rest of the film operates, and his enigmatic relationship with Rick and especially Ilsa, a woman who obviously admires her husband but can't somehow ever bring herself to say she loves him, is something to wonder at.My favorite bit is when Rick finds himself the target of an entreaty by a Bulgarian refugee who just wants Rick's assurance that Capt. Renault is "trustworthy," and that, if she does "a bad thing" to secure her husband's happiness, it would be forgivable. Rick flashes on Ilsa, suppresses a grimace, tries to buy the woman off with a one-liner ("Go back to Bulgaria"), then finally does a marvelous thing that sets the whole second half of the film in motion without much calling attention to itself.It's not fashionable to discuss movie directors after Chaplin and before Welles, but surely something should be said about Michael Curtiz, who not only directed this film but other great features like "Captain Blood" and "Angels With Dirty Faces." For my money, his "Adventures Of Robin Hood" was every bit "Casablanca's" equal, and he even found time the same year he made "Casablanca" to make "Yankee Doodle Dandy." When you watch a film like this, you aren't so much aware of the director, but that's really a testament to Curtiz's artistry. "Casablanca" is not only exceptionally well-paced but incredibly well-shot, every frame feeling well-thought-out and legendary without distracting from the overall story.Curtiz was a product of the studio system, not a maverick like Welles or Chaplin, but he found greatness just as often, and "Casablanca," also a product of the studio system, is the best example. It's a film that reminds us why we go back to Hollywood again and again when we want to refresh our imaginations, and why we call it "the dream factory." As the hawker of linens tells Ilsa at the bazaar, "You won't find a treasure like this in all Morocco." Nor, for that matter, in all the world.My favorite film of all time. Beautiful plot that naturally weaves together and builds to a truly emotional climax. Could affect even the most nihilistic of people. A masterpiece that is truly one of the greatest films ever made. 10/10Casablanca is a film about the personal tragedy of occupation and war.  It speaks to the oppression of the one side - and the heroism and self-deprecation of the other.  From opportunists, to isolationists - from patriots to disenchanted lovers - the film has everything a man or woman would enjoy.  Bravery, courage, intrigue, romance, beauty and love. Leading actors to please any appetite.  Watching this film is to step back to a world that doesn't exist - yet to know it.  It is to experience lives that have never been lived - but are "real to you."  It is to know pain and joy, pride and pity for characters that are a fiction - yet are so real that you can't help but get lost in their story.Amazing cast, memorable dialogue, unforgettable story.  Through this film, Casablanca will always live in my heart and I will think of its characters as family.Seeing it for the first time is truly the start of a romance with ideals that will live in you long after credits end.Michael Curtiz's "Casablanca" opens on maps while a narrator gives a detailed exposition of the many twists and turns of Casablanca in the French Morocco, as a refugee route from wartime Europe...The Nazi envoy, Major Heinrich Strasser puts it: 'Human life is cheap in Casablanca." Of course because a man may be executed in its crowded market before Marshal Pétain's portrait or where a charming girl may guarantee an exit visa by spending her night with the Prefect of Police...Rick's Café is the point of intersection, the espionage center, the background for Allied offensive, the focal point as refugees from Nazi-occupied Europe seek to gain exit visas to Lisboa... The interesting club so well organized, leads to an open arena of conspiracy, counterspies, secret plans, black market transactions, in which the games and fights are between arrogant Nazis, patriotic French, idealists, murderers, pickpockets and gamblers around a roulette wheel, where a ball could rest on Rick's command against the settled number 22..."Casablanca" is an adventure film which victory is not won with cannons and guns... The action, the fight, the war takes place inside Rick's walls rather than outside...But who is this Rick? What is his magical power? His secret weapon? Rick is the anti-fascist with hard feelings, the former soldier of fortune who has grown tired of smuggling and fighting, and is now content to sit out the war in his own neutral territory... Even loyalty to a friend doesn't move him as he refuses to help Ugarte, a desperately frightened little courier who is fleeing from the police...Emphatically, Rick says, "I stick my neck out for nobody." But we know he will do just that in a very short time, for into his quiet life comes a haunting vision from his past, the beautiful woman he still loves and bitterly remembers... She is married to an underground leader and she desperately needs those papers Rick conveniently now has in his possession... The cynical Rick's facade of neutrality begins to weaken as he recalls the bittersweet memories of his past love affair, memories triggered repeatedly when the strains of "As Time Goes By" come from Sam, his piano-playing confidante...But "Casablanca" basic message is a declaration of self-sacrifice... War World II demanded all! The words stated by Rick at the airport had their impact: 'The problems of three people don't amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world.' It goes without saying that Bogart is incomparable when he seems most like himself... His way with a line makes "Casablanca" dialog part of the collective memory: 'I remember every detail. The Germans wore gray. You were blue.' Intermixed in this intrigue are all the fascinating and beautifully acted supporting roles With his customary skill, Claude Rains plays Major Renault, a prefect of police who is like Bogart in many ways... He, too, claims neutrality, but is definitely against the Nazis... He is Rick's most devoted adversary, tauntingly calling the man a "sentimentalist" and delivering his share of cynically amusing lines... When he makes a small bet and is encouraged to make a bigger one, he remarks that he is only a "poor corrupt official." Ingrid Bergman is fascinating as the lovely heroine, the mysterious impossible woman of an impossible love, the tender mood of every man, the love-affair, the quality of being romantic, the traditional woman enclosed by two rivals, symbol of a besieged Europe...Paul Henreid is Victor Laszlo, the anti-Nazi resistance leader, seeking in Morocco the two letters of transit signed by General De Gaulle...Sidney Greenstreet is the black marketeer on good terms with Rick, the rival owner of the 'Blue Parrot,' the acceptable face of corruption...Peter Lorre is Ugarte, the racketeer, the dealer of anything illegal, the killer, driven into a corner by the Vichy police, who has given Rick two letter of transit...Conrad Veidt is the very essence of German rigidity, unfeeling, unconcerned about life, but firmly believing in the foolish ideology of his Nazi compatriots..."Casablanca" covers many highlights: The Marseillaise against the Horst Wessel song inspiring sequence; the blissful days in Paris; Ilsa's emotional words to Rick in occupied Paris; the champagne toast; Ilsa's request to Sam; the poetry of the magic words and the beautiful voice of Dooley Wilson; Captain Renault's words in the airport; and the farewell...The magic that developed from the teaming of Bogart and Bergman is enough to make a new romantic figure out of the former tough guy... To his cynicism, his own code of ethics, his hatred of the phoniness in all human behavior, he now added the softening traits of tenderness and compassion and a feeling of heroic commitment to a cause... They helped him complete the portrayal of the ideal man who all men wished to rival...One can look at hundreds of films produced during this period without finding any whose composite pieces fall so perfectly into place... Its photography is outstanding, the music score is inventive, the editing is concise and timed perfectly... Bogart's and Bergman's love scenes create a genuinely romantic aura, capturing a sensitivity between the two stars one would not have believed possible..."Casablanca" is a masterpiece of entertainment, an outstanding motion picture which brought Bogart his first Academy Award nomination (he lost to Paul Lukas for "Watch On the Rhine") and won Awards for Best Picture of the Year, Best Director and Best Screenplay...The Petrified Forest convinced the world Bogart was a bad guy. And for years he shocked and awed the audience with roles fitting that image. The Maltese Falcon showed a new kind hero, one with an edge. Bogart, with all the right things to say and seemingly never losing his cool. Then came Casablanca and the ages. The man's  man comes with a heart. Arguably, three of his best pictures. All showing a change in a man's character and the depths of what acting is supposed to be. Maybe it was Warner Bros all along. Maybe Bogart was simply Bogart.What can I say about this film that hasn't been said in over 60 years since its release. Is it a great film? Yes. Is it a showcase for Bogart? If not, than what else. Was Bogart the coolest guy to ever live? Absolutely. Casablanca is a different kind of love story, more likely to infect rather than effect.She almost makes me believe it every time. When she says, "You're very kind." Bergman was more than just beautiful. And with Paul Henreid, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt and Peter Lorre, cinema magic was created. But to me, Bogart was the greatest actor of all time. It's hard for me to believe he died almost 50 years ago. Every time I watch his films, it's like they were made yesterday. And that's why he is timeless. I'm still trying to figure him out."I should never have switched from scotch to martinis." Is said to be Bogart's last words. A legend, indeed.It's one of the great Hollywood legends how George Raft helped make Humphrey Bogart a leading man by turning down in succession, High Sierra, The Maltese Falcon, and Casablanca. Maybe Raft showed some good sense in letting a better actor handle those roles. In any event we've got some proof in the case of Casablanca.Check out some time a film called Background to Danger that Warner Brothers did with George Raft that also featured Peter Lorre and Sydney Greenstreet. Had Raft ever done Casablanca the film would have been a routine action/adventure story just like Background to Danger. Instead with Bogey we get that, but also one of the great love stories of the century. Humphrey Bogart set the standard for playing expatriate American soldiers of fortune in Casablanca. Right now he's between wars running Rick's Cafe Americain in Casablanca in Morocco, an area controlled for the moment by the Vicky French government. He's got his fingers in a whole lot of pies, but Bogey operates with his own code of ethics. He sticks his neck out for nobody.Nobody except the great love of his life Ingrid Bergman who left him mysteriously in Paris as he was fleeing the oncoming German occupation. She walks back into his life with a husband, Paul Henreid who is a well known anti-fascist leader.The rest of the film is a contest for Bogey's soul. Torn between his great love, his own anti-fascist beliefs, and certain practical necessities of operating a liquor and gaming establishment in a hostile environment. So many things combine to make Casablanca the great film it is. Ingrid Bergman's lovely incandescence melding and melting Bogey's cynical screen persona. The indelible characterizations of Peter Lorre, Sydney Greenstreet, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt and the whole rest of a 100% perfectly cast film. And the revival of a great ballad which serves as Casablanca's theme song.I say revival because As Time Goes By was introduced in 1931 in the George White Scandals on Broadway by Rudy Vallee. He made a record of it which sold quite a few disks back then. But by the merest of coincidences there was a strike that lasted two years that just began around the time Casablanca came out. The Musicians Union struck against the record companies. With no new records being made RCA Victor re-released Vallee's record and it became a monster hit on revival.Also when Casablanca came out as if the White House had a personal interest in the film FDR and Churchill had the first of their wartime conferences in----Casablanca of all places. Jack Warner must have said a prayer for that to happen.There are so many classic scenes and lines from Casablanca you can write a comment just by listing them. But my favorite has always been when the Germans have taken over Rick's place and are singing some of their songs, Paul Henreid goes to orchestra leader and asks him to lead La Marsellaise. With a nod from Bogey, the orchestra plays, Henreid leads them and the rest of the non-Germans in the cafe join in. Over 60 years later, one still gets a thrill from that act of defiance.Bogart and Rains were nominated for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor. Any of the others could have been as well. As I said before Casablanca is perfectly cast right down to minor roles like Curt Bois as a pickpocket, John Qualen as a fellow resistance leader, and S.Z. Sakall as a waiter at Rick's. If there was an award for ensemble cast, Casablanca would have won it. As it was it did win for Best Picture of 1943 and best director for Michael Curtiz.Casablanca will be seen and loved by filmgoers for generations unto infinity, as time goes by.In December 1941, American expatriate Rick Blaine owns an upscale nightclub and gambling den in Casablanca. "Rick's Café Américain" attracts a varied clientele, including Vichy French and German officials, refugees desperate to reach the still-neutral United States, and those who prey on them. Although Rick professes to be neutral in all matters, he ran guns to Ethiopia during its war with Italy and fought on the Loyalist side in the Spanish Civil War.Petty crook Ugarte boasts to Rick of "letters of transit" obtained by murdering two German couriers. The papers allow the bearers to travel freely around German-controlled Europe and to neutral Portugal, and are priceless to the refugees stranded in Casablanca. Ugarte plans to sell them at the club, and asks Rick to hold them. Before he can meet his contact, Ugarte is arrested by the local police under the command of Captain Louis Renault, the unabashedly corrupt Vichy prefect of police. Ugarte dies in custody without revealing that he entrusted the letters to Rick.Now let's clear up some rumors. Muh has been written about "Casablanca" but a few rumors often get repeated. One of them is Ingrid Bergman saying "The screenplay was not completed when they started shooting". That is not true. Warner Brothers never put a film into production unless they had a complete screenplay. Now they kept a few things secret from Ingrid Bergman. She did not have a complete screenplay. The director and Warners thought they would get a better performance out of her if she did not know a few things. However it was not uncommon for "things to change" while a film was in production. "Casablanca was no exception! Another rumor was that Ronald Reagan was cast to play Ric! He was only "thought of" but for only a few seconds. Almost everyone in Hollywood was until Bogart was cast! Rumor #3 The film was an out of control production! This is not true! This was shot in 18 days. Another things people don't quit notice is how fast people talk in this film! The film runs 102 minutes. The screenplay is 125+ minutes. The average screenplay is one minute of screen time per written page! If this film was made by today's standards it would run almost 45 minutes longer.Now if you never seen the film you are lucky. The film is exciting as it is romantic. Not one minute of screen time is squandered. Today's filmmakers would not know how to make a film like this unless "Batman" plays Ric!