I had the pleasure of seeing an advanced screening of IT in Brisbane. The film is absolutely brilliant. Bill Skarsgård has taken Pennywise and made the role his own. Creepy, disturbing, humorous, IT really possess the creep factor, giving audiences a new reason to fear clowns. The entire casting choices were sensational. All actors really held their own, creating a sense of comradery between the characters. Like most people, I do hold the miniseries with Tim Curry close to my heart, but after seeing this adaptation, I was beyond pleasantly surprised. So much so that upon IT being released into cinemas, I'll be back in line to see it again.The brand new #ITMovie scared the heck out of me and I don't throw that around loosely because just when you thought that "Annabelle: Creation" may have set the bar for this year, bam! "IT" comes along and smashes that bar into pieces. Wow! This is one incredible horror film, everybody involved should get a congratulatory pat on the back, definitely a huge upgrade from the '90s miniseries. This is best Stephen king adaptation yet.Directed by Andy Muschietti, based on Stephen King's timeless novel of the same name, IT is set around the mysterious disappearance of children in Derry Maine, when a group of young kids will have to come face their biggest fears and square off against an eternal evil clown named Pennywise who comes around every 27 years to repeat his reign of terror. It's no secret and it's not really a spoiler that New Line and the filmmakers of this new version have planned to re-imagine this story into two installments, with the first focusing on the children and then chapter two will be about their grown up selves once again battling Pennywise. So with this first chapter, I think the timing of its arrival couldn't be more perfect especially with last year's debut of the hugely popular series, "Stranger Things" that brings up '80s childhood nostalgia while presenting mystery at the same time, "IT" offers you that same vein and I think that's OK because we haven't gotten to the point where it's played out so for the time being you're going to love that aspect about "IT." There's definitely a "Stand By Me" vibe to it as well, and the whole thing does feel episodic, at one point while screening it I didn't want it to end, it felt like I was binge-watching, it was so cool. Kudos to all the young actors featured in this film, they really hold their own and each of their characters' distinct personalities stand out. Their backstories and their process of slowly but surely coming together as some sort of a team is both honest and engaging. Now, if you've ever read Stephen King's book, "IT," you'd recall that it is a super duper thick book. You can use it as a stool to stand on for when you need to change that lightbulb. But the point is, I think the screenwriters of this new film did well in condensing the story to just the right amount of time that contains just the right mix of kids camaraderie and the horror fest that is Pennywise. And if you've watched the '90s miniseries, you'd recall how much that version held back plus the low quality practical effects that they had at the time. Well, I'm happy to tell you that this new "IT" doesn't hold back, this is Pennywise unleashed, it's practically proud of being R-rated, which is great because it allows for the scary parts to be really really scary and not second-guessing or pandering. And if you have never liked clowns before, you're going to hate clowns even more because Bill Skarsgard's performance as the new Pennywise will haunt your dreams for the next few weeks after you've watched this movie. What I appreciate about Skarsgard is that he doesn't try too hard to emulate or imitate or channel Tim Curry, Skarsgard does his own take of creepy. And because Pennywise is pretty much invincible to a certain extent, you'll see him pop up in the most unlikeliest of places meaning when you least expect him, that's when he'll scare you to your core so brace yourselves for surprises around every corner. Another reason why the timing of this movie's arrival could not be more perfect is because today's visual effects compliment Pennywise's limitless abilities and so director Andy Muschietti and his crew have the creative freedom to not only realize some of the scare points in the book but they managed to also go beyond that. "IT" goes for massive, it goes for bold, it goes for bloody, not a single boring minute, it goes for the "Goonies" fan in all of us. You will laugh, you will scream, you will have nightmares, hands down one of the best horror movies ever made. -- Rama's Screen --The performance of Bill Skarsgård is good along with the kids performance, like Bev, Mike etc. It was super faithful to the novel, more than the 1990 miniseries and they added new scenes. So i'm going to say that i'm super impressed with this adaptation, thumbs up, oh and the makeup was super good, so again, thumbs up for that.Even though this movie didn't scare me,it was the first time I heard people scream in the audience ever. This movie was absolutely brilliant. It looked beautiful, the actors did a splendid job and this adaptation of IT really added something valuable.I do have to say that the first half of the movie didn't quite capture me, but then it just got better and it kept surprising me.This has to the best horror movie I've seen in a very long time. Being completely honest, it wasn't as scary as I expected but it was WAY better than I expected. Script, story and casting was all perfection. This movie really did the book justice. I am super excited for the next one to come out. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who may be even slightly considering going see it.I originally saw It in the theater a couple years ago and have only seen a few times since; still wasn't reviewing back then though plus preparing for the sequel. Anyway though I absolutely love clowns and this is one of my favorite horrors, I even own It in 4K! Pennywise (Bill Skarsgård) is done perfectly and the rest of cast is excellent. I wish I was interested in writing years ago maybe someone important could enjoy my opinion that's what I am hoping! Easily quote worthy and incredible soundtrack!Creepy as hell, it managed to even outdo the original, as it focused the entirety of its run time on " It " stalking and terrorising the group of kids in 1989. The cast of unknown child actors handled the fear, and humour in perfect balance, while Pennywise was even creepier than in the original. There were also a few brilliantly subtle music cues, amongst a lot of crescendosI want to see horror films return to having a physical villain ( as last year's Green Room, and Don't Breathe, as well as this film has ) rather than yet another ghost story/ supernatural/ haunting flick, like we've had seemingly never ending examples of in the past several years. Granted, this film has supernatural elements in it, but it simultaneously has an actual villain, a physical entity threatening the protagonists, which is where I hope horror films return to. Its 135-minutes long run time basically flew by quickly.The opening credits call the film, It, while the closing credits call the film, It Chapter One. The Cult, my all time favourite band, are on the soundtrack, also. Fifteen minutes in, we hear about thirty seconds of Love Removal MachineI watched the original but didn't take the notice I should of when watching to compare both movies, but then again I don't need to - this movie is its own perfect thing without being judged with the old TV Movie. It might be a remake (ish) but it is own thing completely, even though it's a remake! So watch this with or without the knowledge of the original. I originally thought they were going to show the young child being taken without any blood, but when watching it I thought it was setting the scene throughout the whole movie and showing the blood like they did was perfect, and kind of shockingly good, and the time they took on the same scene was amazingly longer than the last one. I loved how they showed each character ion their home place and struggles without having each person there to join along, because we needed to see them and how they react and work with their struggles after being through them for a while, and that is without pennywise being involved. Then bringing them all together to find out, 'wait we are going through the same thing'. This happens very shortly into the movie, sooner than I thought but made it fit in perfectly. And they gave them enough time to go through all the hard times as a group to break up and get back together to make it in good time for the end of the movie. And the ending wasn't fast, it had its own phase and took its time to make everything fit in and make sense, which makes sense it did perfectly. They also made it perfectly to put in - chapter 2, which the only thing you will wish for in chapter 2 is they explain where IT came from for this movie franchise and not go the extreme like the book/Stephen King does. As much as this is a remake they make it perfect for the 21 century so I hope they do the same thing with Pennywise's background but make it not too extreme and understandableTo preface this, I have read the book AND I am terrified of clowns. That being said, if you are expecting a shot for shot recreation of the book, you will be let down. However, do not let that deter you from watching what I can only describe as not just a movie, but an experience. I truly believe that Muschietti directed a perfect screen adaptation of the book."IT" revolves around the mystery of the township of Derry, Maine where every 27 years since its founding, fatal accidents occur and people go missing. It is now 1989 and kids are disappearing once again. It is up to one group of kids to face their nightmares and fend off the evil responsible for the tragedies, Pennywise the Dancing Clown. Again, if you have read the book, then you know that these group of kids will face off against Pennywise again in their adulthood. However, the way the filmmakers have gone about creating this is to split the story into two chapters with the first one being what we have now: childhood. For this installment, I cannot see another cast in place for the children that were in this film. You get to see all personalities in this group of misfits and the actors portraying them really made their characters individually stand out in their own unique way. And this was a KEY aspect to the overall flow of this film. Bill Skarsgård's representation of Pennywise is also incredibly masterful and is key to the atmosphere this film sets up.For all of you Goonies fans out there, this movie will really have you reminiscing. IT is advertised as a horror film, and it definitely is (trust me, I screamed several times but again, I'm terrified of clowns so your mileage may vary). However, I think many people who come in expecting to get full on scare factor are missing the whole point of this adaptation. Growing up is scary and everyone has fears. Some people, like me, are scared of clowns. Others may have lived through (or currently are living through) traumatizing experiences and those memories haunt them. Whatever your fears may be, at some point or another, you will have to face them - and that is EXACTLY what happens in this film.The way the cinematography is paced is a perfect representation of the whole concept of facing your fears and working through them in the company of support and people you trust. In the first hour of the film, you are pummeled with what feels like a montage of scary scenes. You have no idea what you will be expecting to see, but you know something is coming due to the ominous camera work and the eerie music that kicks in. And every single time, you get worked up and anxious about what is going to happen. Then, as the movie goes on and everyone's fears are peaking, an extremely climactic scare happens just as everyone in the film is most vulnerable. All the characters have just had to face their biggest fears once. They are all getting together to discuss what happened and an absolute nightmare of a scare happens. Now, a decision needs to be made: the kids can run from their fears or face them head on.Without adding too many other spoilers, I will just give my cents on some big lessons this film keeps simmering under the guise of horror. First of all, if you choose to run away from your fears, they will still exist and will keep coming back. Once you start facing them, you can start to empower yourself to continue to fight. Second of all, when you do face your fears, you might not win the first time (or the second, or third, etc.). What is important is that you realize there is an end goal that can be reached if you don't stop fighting. And lastly, it's that sometimes, your fears and demons may require some help - and that is okay! With the true support of those you trust, you can start to gain ground on the problem and work towards a goal....Okay one last spoiler (just because this was the main factor why I thought the movie was more of an experience than a simple film). When you watch IT, keep track of how scared you are at the beginning versus at the end. With other horror films, I have found myself in fear and anxiety almost constantly throughout the entire film. However, with this film, I noticed that as it went on, certain things became less scary as they were happening. Interestingly enough, the children in the film were also in the midst of fighting their fears and were becoming less scared. I'm not sure if this was just a sole experience for me, but regardless, I think this was intentionally done with what is incredible writing, acting, and filming all combined.To conclude, if you loved Stranger Things, The Goonies, or Stand By Me, you will love IT. If you are on the fence about watching this film because you "don't do scary movies", do not let that prevent you from watching IT. The horror is very tolerable (and I am a very timid person). You should go for what is a really well put together plot and expression of it.Man, was Bill good in that role! Go watch it for his presence alone. His acting and make-up got me terrified, during the movie. The effects were cool as well. A very good and scary adaptation of the original film. Yeah, the ending was a bit flat, but don't judge it because of the last 15-20 min. Up until then this movie is a horror gem! 10/10! The thing i didn't expect was, that it actually was a very long movie and every bit of it was scary. That alone contributed to build-up fear into the audience, which i guess was the point. When you have a few chilling or scary moments in a movie, that is cool, but it does not leave a long-lasting impression after you've seen the movie. That movie does the opposite and it succeeds triumphantly! Can't wait for part 2!I am written this review In Memorie of my all time favorite the best horror director Wes Craven that sadly is no longer with us anymore. On August 30th 2015, Craven died of brain cancer at home in Los Angeles. I am doing this for him. A Nightmare on Elm Street is a 1984 American supernatural Classic slasher horror film written and directed by Wes Craven, and the first film of the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise. The best horror flick I have ever seen.I love this film to death, I love it!!! It is one of my personal favorite horror movies. It is my number 1 favorite film in the franchise it stays in my heart forever. I am a big fan of this film I even have a poster hang on door in my room, my girlfriend give it to me as gift. I love some other films of Wes Craven that he directed like are New Nightmare, Scream, Shocker,The People Under the Stairs, Scream 2 and Scream 3. A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984) for me will be always in the genre the best slasher classic horror film written and directed by Wes Craven. He gave us Freddy Krueger which was followed six sequels one crossover and one remake after success of the first film that gross $26.505.000 in USA. The sequel after the first film A Nightmare on Elm Street Part 2: Freddy's Revenge was refused from Wes Craven to work on the film because he never wanted or intended A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984) to become an ongoing franchise (and even wanted the first film to have a happy ending), and also because he didn't like the idea of Freddy manipulating the protagonist into committing the murders. The sequel for me wasn't a good movie after the original was released. My top 5 films of We Craven would be A Nightmare On Elm Street, Scream , New Nightmare, Shocker and The People Under the Stairs. The first film is so original, realistic, and overall terrifying horror classic slasher flick that is actually happening in dreams, a sociopath child killer with sharp clawed glove who has knives in stead for a fingers, can enter into your dreams. If he kills you in your dreams, you're dead for real. The main protagonist is Nancy Thompson a teenager where her friends start dying and are killed one by one from Freddy Krueger, she try's to warn people from Freddy coming in to their dreams, but no one listens to her not her father the Sheriff not her mom or her friends. Her parents hold a dark secret from her long ago. She is alone in this and she has to fight him by her self by going back in to her dreams and get Freddy out of her dream in to the real world. Nancy the character was so clever, smart and intense carefully. She was awesome unique legendary heroine did you see how she put booby-traps for Freddy? Awesome!Tina Grey played by Amanda Wyss, is really good in her role for the short time she is in this film. Heather Langenkamp is excellent in her role as the main protagonist in this film. She's legendary unique teen heroine a very attractive,and gives 100% as Tina's friend Nancy Thompson who starts to have the same nightmares. Robert Englund as Freddy Krueger the actor's contribution to the character is 100% superb. I think that Freddy Kruegar IS Robert Englund and vice versa, even though a lot of his moments in this film are about injecting a scary visual presence, he also creates a mystic before the film's revelation: Who is he? Where does he come from? Why is he doing these things? After the third film of the series, Englund would become a Hollywood star and a horror icon. For me Robert Englund will be the only Freddy Krueger I love him in all Nightmare films. John Saxon as Lt. Donald Thompson, Nancy's dad was fantastic in his role and his performance. Johnny Depp in his first role as Glen Lantz was awesome, I seriously loved him in 21 Jump Street TV Series and today I still love him in Pirates of the Caribbean film franchise. I love the main theme Nightmare Freddy Krueger score from Charles Bernstein and I love the song at the of the credits Nightmare by 213.A Nightmare On Elm Street (1984) is the best classic slasher film,one of the best horror movies ever made. It is one of my personal favorite horror movies. My number one favorite horror film in the franchise and it will always be the best one in the series. I have always enjoyed seeing this film, it is fast paced, entertaining, not boring or over long film, but short and very intense from the beginning till the end. I love this movie death. 10/10 Grade: Bad Ass Seal Of ApprovalThe "Nightmare" has been recently on in our TV and I must admit that even after those fourteen years it made a deep impression on me. I saw the film for the first time in 1989 and at that time I was scared because I was just a teenager then. But now, I can see that the film has got something unique, which makes the film different from other horror movies. I think it`s down to the basic idea of this film - dreams and everything that can happen in our dreams sometimes become true. The authors of this film did not have to be bound with the need to stay realistic and that opens a free way to their wildest imaginations. Charles Bernstein`s music in this movie has become clasic and we can hear the basic melodic motive in some of the sequels. Original music composed by different authors in the sequels to this first Nightmare stays far far behind Bernstein`s masterpiece.A Nightmare on Elm Street, one of the scariest movies of all time, and one of the scariest in the 80's. It also introduced one of the scariest villains of all time, Freddy Krueger, one of the ultimate boogeymen that you know who he is just by his name. Wes Craven brought us one of the most terrifying ideas, what would happen if your nightmares were real? That if you died in your dream, you died in real life? He brought us A Nightmare on Elm Street, a low budget horror film that has made it huge in the horror genre's world. The whole concept of the film is just what makes it so brilliant. Not to mention how cool is it that this is Johnny Depp's first film role? Who knew that that kid was going to be so huge one day, right? But the entire cast made this into one of the scariest movies that will always bring you a few nightmares on it's own.Tina is a girl who has been having tons of nightmares about a scary figure, a man who is severely burned and has knives for fingers. She's so scared of this man that she asks her friends, Nancy, Nancy's boyfriend, Glenn, and her boyfriend, Rod to stay over. But Tina is brutally killed in the middle of the night, the only witness is her boyfriend, leaving him as the suspect of murder. But when he is murdered in jail, Nancy knows there's something wrong and soon she's having the same nightmares as Tina. Soon she knows that she might be next, no one believes her, until her mom reveals a deep dark secret about the mysterious figure, Freddy Krueger. He was a sick child molester/killer who the neighbors burned alive to keep him away, but now he's after their kids and he's not going to take it easy on Nancy.A classic horror film that's perfect for a sleep over with your friends to watch in the dark. It's such a great film that sparked quite a few sequels and a new icon for slasher films. Freddy Krueger is so cool and extremely scary just for the fact that he's so confident in knowing that he will kill you. He's ruthless, scary, and clever and he's coming to kill the kids in their dreams. A Nightmare on Elm Street is such a great film and I highly recommend it, Wes Craven is an original genius who spawned a new type of terror.10/10This movie might very well be one of the best horror movies of all time, together with movies like "Poltergeist", "Dawn of the Dead (1978)" "The Exorcist" and "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre (1974)".I didn't expected it to be but this movie was just brilliant. Certainly the best slasher movie ever made. There are several things that make this movie a good horror classic. Of course the classic 'killer' Freddy Kruger is one of them. Another thing is the concept. Yes, the story of course is just simply ridiculous at times but it's the perfect concept to fill a movie with, with some scary scene's and brutal killings with tons of blood.The movie has the same scary gritty atmosphere like a horror movie from the 70's, when the horror genre was at an all-time high. The actors are giving their best but some of the dialog is just plain cheesy. Still I think that the actors should deserve more credit then they are getting right now, especially Johnny Depp made a impressive movie debut. The talent was already showing, back then. His role in this movie was way bigger than I expected it to be by the way.Really entertaining horror classic. Some things might look cheesy, especially the ending (I really laughed my butt off!) and the story in general but the atmosphere, gore and Kruger make up everything! Guess you have to be a fan of the genre to fully appreciate it though.10/10http://bobafett1138.blogspot.com/I love A Nightmare On Elm Street. Every time i watch this i think it has a terrific energy and strength running through it. I like the way the film starts with Freddy Kruegar making his Finger Knife Glove in his basement cellar, then the music kicks in (what a creepy score) as the first teenager is frantically running around his maze-like Boiler Room in her dream state. Freddy is only hinted at in the shadows or ripping through cloth with his glove and i love the way you can hear animals and creepy noises emitting from all around Tina, as she becomes cornered before Freddy comes out of the shadows. A great opening.Tina Grey is played by Amanda Wyss, who is really good in her role for the short time she is in this film. I always remember her character in this film the way i remember the Chrissie Watkins character at the start of Jaws, i think you know what i'm coming too. Tina's encounter with Freddy in her backyard is my favourite moment in this film, and it is one of the most horrifying deaths I've ever seen. Its frightening to see and if you are faint hearted at splashing blood then look away because it is a screamer.Heather Langenkamp is excellent in this film. Shes very attractive,and gives 100% as Tina's friend Nancy Thompson who starts to have the same nightmares. My favourite moments with Nancy are mostly her scary encounters with Freddy scored to an energetic music beat by Charles Bernstein. I would say part of the movie's success is down to his creepy score. I also love the bathroom scene when Nancy falls asleep, absolutely gross and hilarious at the same time. The thing is, these 'funny' moments are actual imagines of how Freddy wants to prey on his victims before killing them, this is done in this first film with a measured discipline, then you watch The Dream Master and Freddy is basically killing kids while being 100% comic about it as well.One of my favourite other scenes in this film is when Nancy is following Tina's corpse down her School halls (having falling asleep)and runs into a prefect women who states 'Wheres your pass?' Nancy doesn't respond in kind, and as she goes running down the hall, the girl reveals herself to be Freddy 'No running in the hallway' an eerie moment that is funny too.Finally, special mention must go to Robert Englund as Freddy Kruegar. This actor's contribution to the character is 100% superb. I think that Freddy Kruegar IS Robert Englund and vice versa, even though a lot of his moments in this film are about injecting a scary visual presence, he also creates a mystic before the film's revelation: Who is he? Where does he come from? Why is he doing these things? After the third film of the series, Englund would become a Hollywood star and a horror icon. Rightfully so.A Nightmare On Elm Street is a classic horror thriller and, along with Halloween, is one of the best horror movies ever made.The 80's biggest horror landmark was this smash-hit that brought director Craven into mainstream film and gave birth to an unstoppable horror icon!Young lady discovers that she and her friends are having the same terrifying dreams about a scar-faced maniac, who's about to transcend into murderous life!Wes Craven's biggest claim to fame, A Nightmare on Elm Street was a far more imaginative slasher film than the numerous others that flooded the 80's cinema scene. Craven's clever premise and inventively shocking story added a kind of dark fantasy element that made this film so much more engrossing (and frightening) than the average slasher flick. It also turned villain Freddy Kruger into the biggest horror icon since the monsters of 50's horror cinema. Craven's direction is truly great, giving this film plenty of feverish atmosphere, tight suspense, and a share of good scares! Adding even more to the movie is the occasional touch of dark humor, who could ever forget that 'tounge phone' bit. The movie also has lots of gruesome special FX as well. The Elm Street theme by Charles Bernstein is a nicely chilling touch too.The cast is quite good. Heather Langenkamp makes for a terrific and likable heroine. John Saxon and Ronee Blakley are both great as Langenkamp's disbelieving parents. Amanda Wyss, Nick Corri, and Johnny Depp (in his debut role) are also great as some troubled Elm Street youths. Robert Englund is a power-house villain as Freddy Kruger.A modern horror classic all the way, A Nightmare on Elm Street is still making folks afraid to sleep all these years later!Followed by numerous sequels.**** out of ****This is a terrific, truly original horror movie.I consider myself a fan of all the "Nightmare on Elm Street" films, but this movie is, along with part 3, the finest the series has to offer.There is much to recommend about this movie.First of all, this movie treated the killer (Freddy Krueger) with respect. As the series wore on, each successive film played him more and more for laughs.  But, in this movie, he's a force to be reckoned with.Besides that, the concept is truly unique - a sociopathic child killer who can enter into your dreams.  If he kills you in your dreams, you're dead for real.The movie is shot in a very eerie, dark style which adds to the suspense. The performances are all enjoyable.Overall, I highly recommend this movie if you like horror films at all.I rate this a 10 out of 10.Do you need a big budget to make a good Horror Movie? No, Wes Craven and many other Directors of that Genre proved that more than once. From today's point of view some special effects might look a bit poor but some others are still impressive and they still stick in my mind. What I impressed more than the blood and gore scenes are the creation of a new kind of Horror figure: Freddy Krueger. In a kind he is a modern Vampire. He isn't like Bela Lugosi's or Christopher Lee's Dracula a fashionable and handsome man who tries to seduce his victims. No he is more like Max Schreck's Count Orlok of the classic Nosferatu. An ugly person you fear when you see him. Freddy Krueger doesn't suck out the blood but the sucks out the fear of his victims. He needs their fear to live and like a Cat with a Mouse he plays with his victims before he kills them. Most of them are teenager and like a Vampire he is coming into the night when all the children sleep. If one of the youngsters let him in their dream it's pretty difficult to survive for them.It's not so easy to create a horror figure. Director Wes Craven had the luck to find with Robert Englund the perfect cast for this role. Also some of the young actresses and actors are showing good performances. As Max Schreck was Count Orlok Robert Englund is Freddy Krueger. No wonder that so many sequels would follow. Next to the creation of a perfect new horror monster the whole movie follows somehow the concept of old classics. If you hear a children song in a horror movie it's always scary. The concept of the plot is like an old urban legend, myth or old classic ghost story. A young teenage girl is telling his parents that she dreamed of a monster that tried to kill her. Nobody believes her and keep on telling her it's just a nightmare. Freddy Krueger cannot come into the dreams of adults they don't have the imagination of fantasy anymore.Next to the plot I was always impressed of the style of directing and photography of A Nightmare on Elm Street. It's 80's style with contemporary music. The movie it self has a Gothic nightmarish atmosphere but Wes Craven used the colors and the look of the 1980's for it. The first A Nightmare on Elm Street Movie isn't a typical Horror Mainstream product. Wes Craven not only broke with some of the common rules of the genre he also reinvented some old classic rules of the genre into a new light. I highly recommend this piece of 80's culture to every movie fan not only the horror fans. If you don't like horror series don't watch the sequels but watch Wes Craven's Version of a Nightmare.This movie is much different from other horror movies because it's more about the story and mystery and less on pointless killings.in some pointless horror movies I think to my self when pricks get slashed d by an obvious killer I say "yeah sure there getting killed but gives a cares". But in Nightmare on elm street is clever psychological suspense. By 1984, the slasher genre was wearing thin. Halloween bombed out with number 3, and Friday the 13th was falling into the dreadful mix of completely cliché horror. Without A Nightmare on Elm Street, that could have been it for the slasher film. With it, however, the genre was brought off the respirator for another 10 years when Craven did it again with Scream, but I digress. Wes Craven delivers a very original, creative, and well played out horror film that has the perfect level of plot, fright, gore, and imagination. The balance of these elements is key, as it gives you the best of all of them, without becoming too cliché, too bloody, or too silly.And I'm not talking about no stinking Santa Claus! I'm talking about Freddy Krugger, the king of 80's horror! The original "Nightmare On Elm Street" is still considered a modern masterpiece of horror where for once, I didn't get no sleep at night. I remember watching the original film back in Halloween of 2000 where I thought that Freddy Krugger had gotten me until my dad woke me up to see if I was okay. Luckily, there weren't any bruises or cuts on me before leaving to school the next day.Starting on my review.Wes Craven's "A Nightmare on Elm Street" is about a group of kids led by Nancy (Heather Lagenkamp) where her friends have one thing in common: They see the same guy in their dreams. Freddy Krugger looks like a burned piece of meat after coming out of the fire where he wears a red and green stripe sweater and has long knives as fingernails and chases his victims when they're asleep giving them a souvenir. One night, Nancy invites her friends for a sleepover where one of them is brutally attacked by the monster himself where nobody believes Nancy or her pals about the incident.To this day, A Nightmare on Elm Street scares the living crap out of me where every night before I go to bed, I try to tell myself that it's only a movie.Sweet dreams, everybody!I was totally blown away by "Get Out". This is one of the best turns by an actor behind the camera I have ever seen (Jordan Peele). Probably the timely social commentary is going to loom heavily when discussing the film; however this shouldn't conceal the fact that this is a masterclass cinematic work that has been thought out to the very last detail; it knows what it wants to say and how to say it, balancing wildly contrasting tones and defeating potential clichés with stylistic bravura. Of course everything stems from a rock solid script, where the plot points are cunningly engineered, and then fleshed out in a disciplined and take no prisoners kind of way. There is much to admire and enjoy here, including some surreal imagery that is as stunning as it is disturbing, always serving a purpose within the narrative; there are also brilliant soundtrack choices and you get subtle nods at the masters that came before (Kubrick and Wes Craven, specially). The plot involves one of those frequently visited "fish out of the water" type of settings where it's up to the director to make the most out of it. Which fortunately is the case here, since you get plenty of real character development and a tight, innuendo ridden dialogue that really gets under your skin. All this, together with the inspired camera work, contributes to the success of this tricky enterprise as a whole. Kudos to all the actors for going all the way with the provocative premise, considering that it could have totally backfired in less confident hands. Everything amounts to a deliciously wry slice of cinematic paranoia served with a side of cathartic humor that appropriately reflects the political times we are living in. And make no mistake, this is a true horror film that refuses to pull any punches; if you thought that Peele was just going for the laughs and the cheap scares you will get more than you bargained for. "Get out" will shock you silly and will make you think. Then you will want to watch it again and try to figure out how he pulled the trick.People will be talking about this one for a long time.Get Out is an extremely powerful, poignant horror movie with some humor. Whatever elements of action or schlock that are present take a backseat to the real human drama that plays out when Chris (Daniel Kaluuya) meets his white girlfriend's eccentric family.The characters are fleshed out immaculately, with Bradley Whitford and Catherine Keener in their best performances to date, and Caleb Landry Jones in an appropriately, intensely creepy role. But Kaluuya is the star here, and he delivers with zeal a shocking depth and range of emotions. In fact, more often than not its what he doesn't say that delivers the most impact... which is all to say that this masterpiece could not have been accomplished without the masterful direction of Jordan Peele.Peele builds atmosphere and tension like the Big Bang, dunking you into the mind of the main character while he navigates through very visceral danger.If you're looking for a film that sets out to entertain first and foremost with shock and terror, but also with poignant social commentary and real philosophical meat to chew on, Get Out is the movie you need to see. You won't regret it.This isn't Cabin in the Woods, Peele isn't interested in subverting genre conventions. What he has crafted is entirely original and unique, and thankfully free of clichés or stereotypes. There are no "monsters" here. The real villains are entitlement, egotism, and objectification, and g.d. they are scary!Jordan Peele's Get Out is an outstanding work of horror cinema, in that the American horror film is the best genre for creatively commentating on the various social, economic, and psychological constructs of life in such a way that can be visually thought-provoking. And the best part about this film is Peele does not pull out any of the usual horror tropes or clichés until the showdown. Before you begin to think that Universal Pictures and Blumhouse are pulling a bait-n-switch–selling you a psychological thriller when the film is really a heavy drama–think again. Get Out is every bit a horror film as its more traditional counterparts. In terms of its contribution to the library of horror films, the movie is flawless. From the writing to directing to acting and even the score, editing, and cinematography, Get Out is a film that you should definitely "get out" to watch. With a current 100% on Rotten Tomatoes, this film is certain to grab prolific attention from movie patrons, film studies, and social studies professors alike. It's a brilliant film to discuss in future American horror film classes. Never before has a film been used in such a creative and visceral way to comment on how one culture appropriates the best of another for purposes of exploitation or simply because it has something that you want, and then attempt to change, assimilate, or remove altogether because that which you want is seen as wasted on the originator. "A mind is a terrible thing to waste."It is difficult to explore some of the themes and subtext of this film without giving too much away, but I'm going to try my best to analyze what I can without spoiling anything for those who plan to see the movie. The first element I took note of in the film was the choice of music. Not so much a score (although, there is a score to the film), the music selections in the film serve as an allusion to the overall message and theme in the film. For those who know a little something about music history, you may pick up on the strategic selection and placement of the various songs and musical scores used throughout the film. There are moments in which the music does not seem to match up with the mood or tone of the film–at least, at face value. However, as you delve deeper into the film, you will realize that the music fits in all too well with the plot. I'll give you this: think about the origins of the music in the film when you watch it. Before music, such as jazz and hiphop, became popular amongst a predominantly white society, it originated amongst the black community.Another aspect of the film that hints at the big reveal in the turning point just before the third act is the physique, athletic talent, and sexual stereotypes of black males. You'll notice that clues are dropped here and there, albeit subtly, at the relationship between Rose's family & friends and members of the black community. The worship of Chris' body by many of Rose's family friends makes for an incredibly uncomfortable sequence of encounters at the outdoor picnic. The unsettling weird encounters between Chris and all the people he meets at Rose's family home each work to grow the level of tension and terror in the film–the fear of something dreadful looming on the horizon. Without relying upon a proliferation of jump scares and visceral horror, Peele successfully increases the level of anxiety to terrifying levels in the film. Reminiscent in the ways that Hitchcock or Kubrick may have directed this film–in terms of relying upon the fear of something not visible to the naked eye–Peele incorporates the feeling of uneasiness every moment he can without over saturating the plot. Perfect amount of all the elements that make up the American horror film can be found in this deeply disturbing narrative.This is social commentary on how back males are often exploited for economic gain in areas such as football, basketball, track, and even music and fashion too. So, Peele was using this horror film to comment on how many in the white community have stolen from or appropriated elements from the black community in order to further their own gain or develop ways of entertaining the masses without proper acknowledgement, formal recognition, or even payment. For example, the jazz music at the beginning of the film. That style of music came out of black culture before it was rebranded high class white music for nightclubs, shows, and weddings. Further evidence of this social commentary can be found in other areas of talent that many want to steel for their own and then reprimand the black community or not being 'more white.' I could go on and on. Fascinating stuff! As it is a horror film, do not plan to see it alone. Horror is the one genre that is best experienced in a group setting.Jordan Peele is a man best known as one half of the comedy duo Key & Peele, so when I first heard the news that he'd written and directed a horror film, I would be lying if I said I wasn't a little surprised. Then came reports that Get Out was getting ridiculously good feedback from test screenings and, after horror having a solid year in 2016, I was hoping it'd live up to expectations. Believe the hype guys because Get Out is as good as you've heard.Black photographer Chris Washington (Daniel Kaluuya) and his white girlfriend Rose Armitage (Allison Williams) visit Rose's parents for the weekend, where they will meet Chris for the very first time. Staggered by their behaviour from the very off, Chris begins to think all is not right in the home of Dean (Bradley Whitford) and Missy Armitage (Catherine Keener).I absolutely loved Get Out as both a psychological and satirical horror, Jordan Peele's imagination bringing us something quite unique within the genre and showing that he has such a big future ahead as a filmmaker. Right from the opening sequence, which is one of the best openings to a horror I've seen, I knew this film was going to be special. It felt almost as if I was watching a film from a seasoned director and not a man making his directorial debut, Peele exuding confidence more and more as the film rises through the levels of paranoia.The writing is spot on as well, Peele's background as a comedian coming into great use to blend the satire so perfectly with the horror. Peele has clearly made Get Out as a form of social commentary but he does so by keeping the audience on their toes, wondering where the film will turn next, which is one of the most important aspects of a horror film. As well as being genuinely creepy, Get Out also has some hilarious moments up its sleeve, leaving the audience in the palm of Peele's hand.Peele's confidence as a filmmaker is seen further through Toby Oliver's swift cinematography, akin to work seen in The Shining, and both Michael Abels haunting score and songs picked by Peele to accompany his twisted film.Coming to the performances, Get Out excels above many horror films with a talented and strong cast. Daniel Kaluuya leads the film with a quite exceptional performance as Chris Washington, impressing with each passing minute as the paranoia within his character grows. Expect to see much more of Kaluuya in the future.Bradley Whitford and Catherine Keener are both devilishly charming and unnerving with their performances as Rose's parents, who take an immediate interest in Chris' life, both past and present. Get Out gets its truly unsettling performances from Betty Gabriel and Marcus Henderson as Georgina and Walter, hired by Dean's father. They both have a stand-out scene where it becomes clear that all is not well with either them or the house they tend to. Lil Rel Howery deserves a mention too for being genuinely funny in the role of Chris' best friend, Rod, who doesn't just feel like the comedy relief shoehorned in for the sake of it.Get Out brilliantly continues the resurgence of the horror genre and, as a directorial debut, has to go down as of the best I've seen from Jordan Peele. He's already stated that this is the first of a number of horrors he has planned which will act as social commentaries and, if they continue to be as good as his debut, I cannot wait.Nervous about meeting his Caucasian girlfriend's parents, a young African American struggles to work out if everyone is acting strangely around him or if it is just his imagination in this unusual mystery thriller. The film is very deliberately paced with lots of malice foreshadowed but exposition only revealed in tiny chunks along the way. In fact, utterly unsettling as the pre-credits sequence is, it is hard not to wonder whether the film would have been better without it since it is the only scene for quite a while that spells out the horror slant of 'Get Out' beneath its quirky façade. That said, there are enough elements that remain elusive here that the film stays enticing until the end. The final quarter also comes off as a very clever homage to the horror movies of the 1970s, complete with appropriate furniture for the period. What really elevates the film though is its social satire. The racism agenda is a little on-the-nose, but the protagonist's anxiety at being a 'token' African American really clicks, forced to enter into awkward conversations with several houseguests at one point who have no idea how to talk to him without sounding racist. It is actually quite a universal predicament and aside from being a captivating mystery movie, 'Get Out' also pinpoints how strange it can be to interact in an environment when one is a minority, whether it be by race, religion, gender, age or other factors."Get Out" is significant in that it simply give the audience a different perspective in the Horror Genre. We have NEVER been given a hero of color in horror; "The Black guy always gets killed"; Night of the Living Dead (1968) could have been the first but they blew it. Duane Jones' character should have lived!!! ...but I digress. We FINALLY have a the black guy as the protagonist thanks solely to Jordan Peele of, the dynamic Key and Peele fame. Peele has made the horror film he always wanted to see. Given the box office results as so far and Rotten Tomatoes', rare 100% fresh rating, this is the horror film that many of us wanted to see!!! It is a very straight forward story about a black male in an interracial relationship that is about to meet his girlfriend's parents...everything else after this point is horror film GOLD!!!No need to spoil anything here, this film is fun and entertaining to say the least. The social commentary is not to preachy but just enough to feel true. Go see it and have fun with it. Thank you Jordan Peele!!That movie was an amazing movie, it may not be that scary but its story is very thrilling.Daniel K is a good actor with his perfect portrayal of the character Chris. The movie wasn't scary to be frank but more entertaining than most horror movies. Each scene in the movie means a thousand words.Allison Williams also played a great role as the movie villain ranging from an innocent woman who dates a black guy to a crazy and monstrous woman ready to kill to have her victim's colored body hosted by older non-blacks.In all, the movie was entertaining and covered the area of racial discrimination in the United States in a creative, plot twisting way. I recommend this movie for all , from going to old.Get Out is a decent horror movie, better than average, but not without its set backs.
It absolutely didn't deserve an oscar, let alone for screenplay, but it's not the worst choice in the world at the end of the day.
For a debut film this is pretty admirable and could mean a lot for horror movies, black people and the general film industry, but aside from the politics of the film, it really is just an ok horror.The VVitch and It Follows are much, much better horror films; deserving of much more praise, but because THIS horror film has a discussion about race it gets millions of dollars and awards and praise. Is this a bad thing?Not really. It's better than giving an award to something like another shat out Blumhouse/James Wan sequel with no talent or effort put into it.Basically, the best thing about the film is the actors and their performances, especially Daniel Kaluuya, who is as excellent as always.The worst thing about the film would probably have to be the "horror" elements since it's incredibly one- note and unoriginal in this department. Not saying it's bad, but it doesn't do anything the horror genre hasn't seen a bunch of times already.It's good, not great. (But still kinda cool a horror film won an oscar since the last was in 2000 with The Sixth Sense.)From the opening credits to the closing credits Jordan Peele had me locked in. Such an amazing job by an amazing director. To think that Peele stopped writing this 20 times is insane! Well done! Can't wait to see what the future holds in regards to Jordan Peele films.In a few words: smart, entertaining, novel and intense thriller movie. Beautiful cinematography and excellent acting from the kids and Emily Blunt. Nice one for John Krasinksi for first time directing.
The hype was right, this is a thrilling film.
10/10 for the fun.I am Deaf. I realllllly enjoy it!! So it good for people who know sign Langurge and deaf. For deaf people have to watch that movie!!! So action and drama!!!1) The actress who is deaf in the movie is deaf in real life
2) The aliens are BLIND 
3) The father couldn't shoot the aliens because he was DEAD when they figured out they could shoot them because their armour peeled back only when they got close to the sound from the hearing aid. 
4) For all the people bashing the movie because they didn't live next to the waterfall. How would they get all the materials to live and build there? Walk it in? Can't make noise getting there. Ok 
5) This is an interesting, intense movie that is science fiction people. These one star reviews from people are so irritating because it's like they wanted a documentary. I suggest all the people saying they are to smart and couldn't like it because of the things mentioned in the reviews need to stick to the discovery and history channel.Yes, I am biased for rating A Quiet Place with ten stars because I was born Deaf. However, I've had seen several Deaf-related movies and never gave them more than a star out of ten. What am I telling you is therefore as a Deaf person wasn't the only factor of my determination to settle this film with the rate of 10 stars.This film reminds me of my favorite post-apocalyptic book-"The Road," by Cormac McCarthy-and was made a movie based adaptation directed by John Hillcoat in 2009. It's a famous known story of the desperation regarding love, hope, and be appreciative of what you have, like one particular scene where the boy handed with a can of coke and the cheerful look of his father to precious that moment. Such a rare, powerful feeling that touched my heart and soul that still gave me goosebumps at this moment. That inspirational feeling finally triggered me in another way while I watched The Quiet Place. Every second of love between within a family valued is like finding a treasure with ten thousands of gold. It represented love as the most reliable kind of a drug you can get, and that's what enabled you to your survival at the highest point. (For those who mock me, by the way, John Wooden, the best coach in the history of any sports, who coached for UCLA basketball from 1964 to 1975. Not only he succeeded ten national titles in twelve years, but he also created Pyramid of Success, a display of a foundation to reach your success at peak. Even the validity and reliability of the Pyramid of Success are highly respected; John Wooden admitted his regret for not putting "love" anywhere in the pyramid. He stated that "love" is the most meaningful part of life and unfortunately, it's often overlooked. I used his statement here to justify the fact of love as an essential cornerstone of living, and the movies like The Quiet Place are great reminders.)Another thing, I love Millicent Simmonds. Herself as a person and her skills are marvelous. She already carried on through the barriers and brought the Deaf culture into Hollywood. She made sure that everyone in the film used American Sign Language (ASL) in the right way and treated it as a language. It's unimaginable for someone at 15 years old to do that. Her performance also reflected how Deaf children react when they're constantly pressured to wear hearing aids. Many of us hate wearing hearing aids and are tired of hearing people telling us how important to hear. In fact, Deaf children are already comfortable with themselves and now, hearing people who have no idea what's like being Deaf telling them what to do. You'll be surprised at how many of Deaf children wearing hearing aids for the stake of wanting to please hearing people, especially their parents. I love where her father refused to let her visit the basement because he knew that she wouldn't appreciate that her father devoted his work on reconstructing hearing aids. Another scene I love is where her father told her "I LOVE YOU" before he got killed. As I said, she tried to please her father for years. She still felt that the connection between both was somewhat missing. She gave up when she realized that it wasn't for her to reach her father for his approval. He had to show love for who's she as person. Look at how much she gained her confidence to step in to protect her family after she acknowledged fully the fact that her dad loves her. See the parallels between the film and the reality of life being a Deaf child. Funny and ironic circumstance: Alexander Graham Bell tried to develop hearing aids for his mother and his wife who were profoundly Deaf in the 1870s, but it turned out to be an inventor of the phone and founded AT&T in 1885. He saved everyone's life because without a telephone is unimagine for one to live nowadays. Whereas Millicent's father tried to reconstructing hearing aids, but it turned out to be an inventor of a weapon to kill aliens and save everyone's life. I want to thank the audience for your support even though you may don't realize. With the high rate and profits, that would encourage filmmakers to include Deaf people in their next films. It opens the gate for the Deaf people and to spread the awareness.'A Quiet Place' very quickly became one of my most anticipated films of the year. Have liked Emily Blunt a lot in other things, have a lot of appreciation for the genre and absolutely adored the concept. One of the year's best concepts and one of the most brilliant and unique for any film. Seeing it, 'A Quiet Place' turned out to be one of my favourites of the year too, its positive critical reception more than deserved. Can understand though if it doesn't work for others, it is not a film that everybody will enjoy with its deliberate pace, very sparse use of music and dialogue and heavy reliance on atmosphere. Have seen many films recently that have wasted good potential and ideas or not quite fulfilling them. So it was refreshing and a blessing to have such a brilliant and unique concept executed in a way that was equally brilliant and as a film unlike any other seen by me. Was far too transfixed by the atmosphere and mood to criticise 'A Quiet Place' for lack of logic, plot holes (have never criticised a film for plot holes, find it a lazy and unfair criticism especially when it's the only thing mentioned in reviews that list them and say nothing about the film's overall quality) or not making complete sense. When a film doesn't transfix or engage me it is less forgivable, but 'A Quiet Place' was utterly transfixing from start to finish from personal view. It's a beautifully made film with a lot of style and atmosphere. Not everybody will like that the use of dialogue and music is sparse. That wasn't a problem for me, in fact it was appreciated and it worked really well. Actually think it was the right thing to do. Without constant music, the concept and atmosphere came through stronger, if the music was intrusive, obvious or repetitive they would not have worked anywhere near as well. Without constant dialogue, it let the actors' expressions and body language do all the talking, have seen horror/sci-fi films, and films in general actually, recently that have suffered from too much talk and exposition that it bogs the pace down and it's even more of a problem when the dialogue isn't good or interesting. Appreciated hugely that 'A Quiet Place' didn't go down that route.Luckily the acting benefits from having little dialogue, here it's a masterclass of expressions speaking louder than words. Emily Blunt is simply sensational in a very moving and expressive performance that is among her best. Millicent Simmonds and Noah Jupe also impress in beyond their years performances that one doesn't actually expect from actors so young. So does John Krasinki in a performance just as expressive, in a subtle way, and charismatic. In the director's chair, he shows a lot of confidence and great talent for mood and storytelling. Especially good about 'A Quiet Place' is the atmosphere, which smoulders from every frame and shapes every part of the story. The pace is a deliberate slow-burn but for me it was never dull. Parts of 'A Quiet Place' are heartfelt, others are quirky. But above all it's genuinely scary and unnerving, enhanced by tremendous use of sound design that generates unbearable tension. The monsters are incredibly nightmarish, actually takes a lot for me to feel unsettled after watching a film since getting older, 'A Quiet Place' did that for me.Overall, a superb film and one of my favourites of the year so far. 10/10 Bethany CoxDo not listen to cynical reviews it is from people who are so egotistical that they can't watch a movie and just live in the fantasy and story that your watching. Shade aside this film was absolutely fantastic my girlfriend loves horror films and 9 out 10 times I refuse to watch it because it looks so terrible or I do watch it and it is indeed terrible but on the odd occasion I'll see a trailer for something that looks like it could be a pretty cool story line, this was so much more than that! Way better than I had expected. It had me on the edge of my seat the whole time with my jaw hanging from the suspense.Reminded me of 'hush' from Netflix but it has si-fi monsters which usually puts me off but it's not super wacky so you can kind of go along with it. Deserves 10/10 because the actors were great it was cool to watch and a bit different with the lack of dialogue made the room feel empty and so easy to imerse in there suspense, I left the cinema feeling totally satisfied. If your into thrillers I would definitely recommend!Horror has been flourishing in the past few years with a number of releases proving you can actually scare an audience if you put the time and effort into the craft of a film. John Krasinski, most famous for playing the role of Jim Halpert in The Office, brings us a new horror in the form of A Quiet Place, and the result is one of the most intense cinematic experiences you could wish for.Evelyn and Lee Abbott (played by real life couple Emily Blunt and John Krasinski) live with their two children, Regan (Millicent Simmonds) and Marcus (Noah Jupe), on a farm. They live every day in silence to survive the threat of creatures that hunt by sound.The simplicity of the concept makes A Quiet Place such a fascinating prospect but it's the execution that excels it to soaring heights. Krasinski has crafted a horror film that grabs you in a vice-like grip from the very first shot, not letting go until the end credits start to roll, honing in perfectly on the use of sound and silence for some of the most intense sequences in recent memory.The fear factor in A Quiet Place comes from the tension and suspense Krasinski develops throughout, a true standout sequence being when a heavily pregnant Evelyn finds herself evading a creature as she goes into labour. It's moments like this one that had me gripping the arms of my seat and holding my breath numerous times throughout. Coming to the performances, A Quiet Place possesses the rarest of the rare in horror films with a cast who all deliver great performances. Parents should always be protective of their children but the situation they find themselves in here adds another layer to that and Blunt and Krasinski excel in showing the desperation they face to keep their children safe. Child actors always make me feel a little cautious going into a film however, both are very good here, Simmonds in particular. As a deaf actress, Simmonds adds an authenticity to proceedings and her performance is one not to be overlooked.There were a few scenes I wish Krasinski had elaborated on more but those are just a few minor issues I had that can take a back seat to the ingenuity shown in the crafting of a horror film that has the makings of a classic. It's worth noting that the entire audience was in total silence throughout, a sign that this film is well and truly having the desired effect.Yes, a notepad, so they can write down all of the plot holes and things to get on this website and chew up a movie....(sigh and shake my head)....gees, this world is becoming such a depressing place when folks don't even know how to watch a movie and be entertained anymore. 
My family and I watched this movie last night. It was scary and the tension was unbearable. We had chocolate chip cookies and sit in the dark and watched and enjoyed the suspense and was entertained..yes, it was entertaining! 
It was not the best I've ever seen. It had some things that even me and my family wondered outloud...'Hey, why did they..??' 
But gees people, quit taking freakun notes and watch the dadgum movie and be entertained. If you are so caught up in plot holes and unrealistic elements, you will never be entertained by a movie until someone manages to come up with a movie on the same level as Aliens or Shawshank Redemption or Lord of the Rings or A Few Good Men, etc. etc. 
So, forget all of the poor ol negative people in the world that doesn't have a clue about how to stop being a stinkin critic and watch a movie and be entertained and enjoy this movie for what it is. And what it is...is a real scary movie with tension and suspense that will have you tied in knots! Emily Blunt is one of the best actresses of our time and she is stellar. The rest of the cast, there are only 6 or 7 folks in the entire movie, do a good job. Special effects are great and it's a very original idea. So, thumbs up!IMDBs "Factual Error" that States you can't die by falling into a silo full of seed corn is wrong. Around a dozen people a year die this way. Numerous newspapers list accounts of this every year. I'm from the Midwest & yes, it's a very real danger.First off, this movie was interesting and kept both my girlfriend and I on the edge of our seats.Basically, there are blind Aliens that Hunt with their super hearing, and a family is trying to survive. That's the plot, and it works.I see a lot of people looking too far into things with their IMDB review. In a movie with alien creatures, everyone's getting hung up on where/how the family generate the electricity? Really??Of course this movie, like all movies, has plot holes, or things that seem illogical, but I suppose that's why it's a movie aye. Overall this is a solid movie, and Krasinski did a good job for his directorial debut. Would I buy this on BluRay? Yes.I may not have grown up with the legend of La Llorona, but I grew up with a healthy respect for superstitions and things that cannot be explained. In a number of Latinx communities, some of us give our children a piece of jewelry or amulet to ward off the evil eye. Mine is a bracelet of black and red beads that my mother bought. Even if you're not a true believer of such curses, it's preferable to be safe than sorry.The Haters and bad Reviewers always have issues with understanding any film. Do not believe what they say they are lying through their teeth with their stupid reviews.This film was unspeakably terrifying, I dont get scared easily but this one will terrify you from start to finish. It is haunting, dark.Masterpiece in the making a great cast, phenomenal directing and absolutely magnificent performances by all cast.A truly edge of your seat Horror that will leave you breathless. She is so terrifying and she is coming for you. An outstanding 10/10Very good this horror movie. i recommed this to you..This movie was soooooo good! Totally scary and I would of been bummed out if I didn't see it in Theaters. If you like scary movies GO! Just as good as Conjuring!Based on the legendary "La Llorona". This movie is by far the best horror film. No other horror films have given me goose bumps, made me jump or the need for taking deep breaths throughout the entire movie like this one! We are a family lover big on horror films and everyone loved it. This is BEST by far, beating the Conjuring, Annabelle, Insidious, the Nun etc...Most horror films feature their scary parts during the night time but La Llorona is day and night settings. This is a MUST SEE!!It was a very good movie. Suspenseful from beginning to end. A lot of scenes that made me jump. Great cast. Enjoyed it very much!After a long time James Wan has done a great job on this movie,it's a must watch for horror movie fans.Great story and very creepy. Love James Wan movies!'Haunting'
A really good horror movie after the conjuring universeLove this one....kinda spookie, kinda thriller......watch in Atmos dolby soundsystem...really scary....make you feel the touch of the ghost....scary....when she grab your wrinkle .....Ooucchh scary......don't watch it alone......Not only does this movie create an extremely tense atmosphere the moment it starts, it has plenty of gore and violence to bombard your eyes, not to mention that it has one of the best twists seen in any horror movie.I watched this film alone at night with the lights off, expecting to be freaked out by it since I thought it was just another typical horror movie; but instead I was completely intrigued by the story line, and utterly drawn into the film for the whole 100 minutes. At the end I did not feel scared, rather, I felt something very few horror movies have to offer: satisfaction! This movie left me in a slightly disturbed but very thoughtful state. It did not give me nightmares, rather, it plagued my day-dreams; for two days my thoughts could not stray far from this film, that's how powerful it is.If you want a cringingly gory and violent horror movie, watch "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" or "Hostel"; if you want a nightmarishly scary horror movie, watch "The Grudge" or "The Ring"; if you want a clever and disturbing horror movie with an excellent story and a great twist, watch "Saw".Wow. The critics weren't wrong. Not since seven has horror been portrayed so majestically. From the first minute to last this film twists and turns you till you feel rather poorly. Just like 'Se7en', the all-round Grittiness that director James Wan creates disgusts and enthralls. Just like 'Se7en', there is a H U G E twist that makes your blood curdle. A lack of star names helps the movie flow as the pace builds to a finale that won't be forgotten by this viewer in a hurry! I still can't sleep. It is well scripted, well acted, and, for everyone who guesses the killer after the first few minutes, keeps you guessing right up to the final reel. It is better than Seven for shock value. It is not over the top gory but there is a final scene which makes you sweat. Very highly recommended!Movies like Saw are the ones that makes us believe in the horror genre. It is because of such movies we like to see horror/thriller movies. Let me tell you that after watching Saw I wanted to buy the ticket and watch it again because after a long time I got to see a real gripping and tightly directed horror movie. The movie is very exciting and has a lot of goosebumps. However, if you are a faint of heart please do not see this movie as it has a lot of gore/violence in it which will make you jump out of your seat. I just can't wait for the DVD to come out as I really want to buy it. My recommendation to all of you is to watch Saw and have a good time like I did. Also, the movie has a great twist. 10/10There is no way one can condescend to this movie. This is the best horror suspense movie that was ever made !!! Its simply unmatched !! THe acting might not be the best around, but that is not the only that that one looks for in a movie of this calibre. Looking at the story is what needs to be complimented upon. The storyline, the concept used herein, the chain of events, the vision portrayed and the end result...its all fits in perfectly to keep the viewer at his seat all the way. And that is how a movie show be - keeping the watched interested and let me tell you that as far as I know, everyone i know who have watched this movie have not nothing but impressed !!I have been reading the other comments that have come through and cannot believe some of the criticisms that I have seen. UNBELIEVABLE!!!! These guys had 18 days and a budget of 1.2 mil. If anyone else who has posted their ill views about this film has the ability to produce a true thriller with a sensational plot, storyline and final scene in that amount of time and budget I'd like to see it!! Coming from Melbourne myself, I am impressed and thrilled to have fellow residents of this great state in Australia to get out there, do what they love doing and make a very nice profit for themselves thankyou very much! The amount of CRAP that has come out of Hollywood with big name stars and RIDICULOUS!!! budgets, with movies that have completely flopped is outstanding!! For James and Leigh's first feature film, they did incredibly well, so instead of condemning and "nit-picking", we should be supporting these young film-makers.In conclusion.... For all of you people who hated the movie and thought it was a complete waste of your money and laughed at this film... SAW made over $54mil from its first week in the US and it is still climbing... Who's laughing now!!this movie mixes several attributes which made me giving a 10-rating: the beginning is fascinating with a cube-like atmosphere. it never loses suspense thru the whole movie....and the sick mind of the killer reminds to john doe's from "se7en" of brilliant David Finch. the turnings of the storyline are almost unpredictable which is rare and never any Hollywood-like cliché or happy-end. a lot of surprises, shock and some gore scenes which altogether makes it a perfect horror-psycho-thriller.in my opinion, it beats even cult horror-movies like Texas chainsaw massacre 2003, event horizon, dawn of the dead 2004, cube, wrong turn or evil dead. thru out the time, these kind of movies goes far to the limits of the violence and dark fears we all got into us....so be warned, "saw" will give you a sightseeing tour thru hell....enjoy it !Adam (Leigh Whannell) and Larry (Cary Elwes) awaken to find themselves locked in a filthy, dilapidated public bathroom. As they regain awareness, things go from bad to worse. They see a dead body on the floor between them, and then they realize that they're chained to large pipes on opposite sides of the room. When they discover a hidden message for each, they learn that a madman is playing a sick game with them. Can they win the game and escape with their lives? Every once in a while, I'm given an opportune moment to engage in a mini-rant, so here we go. Anyone wondering why I usually pay no attention to the Academy Awards need look no further than Saw. In my view, Saw should be nominated for eight 2005 Oscars: Best Motion Picture of the Year, Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role (Elwes), Best Achievement in Directing, Best Writing--Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen, Best Achievement in Cinematography, Best Achievement in Art Direction, Best Achievement in Makeup, and Best Achievement in Music Written for Motion Pictures--Original Song (Fear Factory's "Bite the Hand That Bleeds"). Not that I feel it should necessarily win all eight, but it should have a fair shake at them. There are others that I would nominate for some of those categories--including Hellboy, The Village, AVP: Alien vs. Predator, Dawn of the Dead, Kill Bill Vol. 2, Shaun of the Dead, and Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle. But you'll note that out of those, only The Village got a nod (a single nomination). It's difficult for me to take something seriously that is so far off the mark when it comes to recognizing quality films. But it's not as if a general anti-genre bias in the Academy Awards--as well as with professional critics and the self-appointed film literati--has not been noted before.James Wan and Whannell (who takes on double duty as an actor) have authored a tightly interwoven story, with a puzzle theme that draws you in like the best material of the Cube (1997) series combined with a gritty, Se7en (1995)-like serial killer police procedural. The pieces of the plot fit together precisely and unfold like a predetermined chess game. Wan and Whannell build tension gradually, despite the fact that the film comes out of the gate extremely suspenseful.Wan, who also served as director, creates a fabulously disturbing, dingy atmosphere throughout the film, bolstered by Julie Berghoff's production design, which is as inventive as the script. Part of the delightful novelty of the film is the elaborate, potentially fatal puzzles devised by the villain. Berghoff's designs for these scenarios and devices easily matches the lockstep intricacy of the plot and the ominous foreboding of the overall atmosphere. Viewers will likely cringe at vicariously envisioning themselves in the contraptions, and that's much of the point. The cinematography throughout the film is just as imaginative, easily telling a story that often depends on subtle visual cues, and reaching just the right balance of extended techniques, such as the varied film speeds during a car chase.Because so much of the film is focused on just two characters in a single, relatively sparse room, Elwes and Whannell must turn in powerhouse performances, running a gamut of emotions including vulnerable helplessness, studied hopefulness, vengeful anger and frenzied desperation. Both are excellent, with Elwes particularly remarkable. Danny Glover, as Detective David Trapp, is impressive in his transformation from a somewhat typical macho cop to an obsessive loon, perhaps on a par with the villain in his single-minded irrational commitment.The modus operandi and motivation (which serves as the theme) of the villain are intriguingly gray. The victims are often morally questionable, and can potentially benefit from their victimization. They're putatively given an out from their predicaments if they can muster the necessary wit and skill. At least on one level, the villain wants to give his victims a hard lesson and improve their lives.It should have been clear by the comparison to Cube and Se7en that Saw is not for the faint of heart (although it's not quite as gory as it could have been) or for those who want only clear messages of good and evil and happy endings. As one of 2004's best films, however, you owe it to yourself to give it a watch.Saw has achieved a rare feat in Thriller/Horror film-making in that it holds the suspense and intrigue throughout the entier film. From the opening moments (possibly the most captivating first 20 minutes of a film I've ever seen), until the end credits role, the audience is on edge, continually wondering what is going to happen next. The film centres around two men, chained to pipes, at either end of an industrial bathroom. Between them, lying face down on the floor is a body surrounded by a pool of blood. The questions of how and why these men are here are answered is a series of flashbacks throughout the film and this is where my only two real problems with the movie exist. Firstly, the first time out of the bathroom takes too long. Although the back story is interesting and necessary, I wanted to get back to the bathroom faster. The second problem I had was with the use of sped up film and rapidly changing camera angles in some of the flashback scenes. Although this technique did have an impact, after a few moments, it felt a bit 'gimicky'. The scenes in the bathroom however are masterful and the way the writers develop the plot in a setting that can seemingly go nowhere is a real credit to them. Saw is intriguing, it is imaginative, it is scary, suspenseful and wonderfully entertaining. Saw is a movie you must see at the cinema.I wish I could watch it for the first time again. So creepy and surprising.For years now i've been a fan of the horror/thriller genre but have been extremly dissapointed with any and all of the releases this genre has offered in the last half decade.  I had the great fortune of catching a screening of "SAW" recently at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival and must say it has fully restored my confidance that the ability to create a movie with the ability to make people lose sleep is still alive and well.  James Wan has done a masterful job at keeping any and all viewers on the edge of their seats from begining to end and if you're easily scared or even the slightest bit jumpy you definatly won't be able to handle "SAW"!!! Definate 10 out of 10!!!This movie makes you realize why so many other movies fail to be scary...not enough psychological elements. What this movie does right is that it skips the gore, and blood, and over-the-top overacting crazed lunatics that seem the norm in horror movies.I saw this with a friend in the theater and 10 minutes in we were sinking into our chairs with fear. Not even the annoying teens making their phones ring to scare their friends (when you see the movie you will understand why) were a powerful enough distraction to undo the terror we felt.Definitely see it, make sure you have as big a TV as you can get your hands on when you rent it, and that you watch it at night in the dark...if you want the full effect. Also, make sure you rent it on DVD and NOT cassette...you know, just to be safe ;)The Ring usually gets a bad rep for being "too slow" and some people even say that "nothing happens" in the movie. Unless you have ADD or something, you have to at least appreciate what Gore Verbinski achieved in 2002. What he did was he basically took the premise of Ringu, a good suspenseful Japanese horror flick and made it more suspenseful and filled with creepy visuals.I am a huge horror fan, and this is one of the movies that unsettles me the most. The suspenseful pace, the incredible, beautiful but haunting visuals make this a unique experience. I love gory films, but this one relies a lot more on psychological horror and imagery to create scares. No jump scares, just good story telling.The movie may not answer all the questions it creates, but the viewer, if he pays attention accordingly, will be able to figure them out for himself. Unsettling to the bone, The Ring is one of my favorite horror films of all time. Truly underrated.Before I saw The Ring, I used to think of horror movies as something about a supernatural (sometimes not supernatural) force that gobbles up people in bizarre series of deaths usually accompanied by blood and gore. Maybe I ought to blame it on my own selection of movies. But I realized that horror movies can have a deep and a decent story line after seeing The Ring.The Ring is an adaptation of the Japanese movie Ringu. Ringu is a well respected horror movie. Rather than call The Ring as an adaptation I would prefer calling it as an improvisation of Ringu. For I have seen both movies and in my personal opinion the producers of The Ring have made the story a bit deeper and of course with the music and special effects scarier.A particular thing worth mentioning is the work done by the child actor David Dorfman (playing the role of Aidan). My personal opinion is that he has done a very good job. And Ehren Kruger, in his script for the movie has given a major role to Aidan as opposed to lesser important role given to Aidan's Japanese counterpart.Full credit to the Ring's makers for a very fine adaptation of the original Ringu. And yes, a small word of advice for those who have not seen the real Daveigh Chase (playing Samara). After seeing this movie, do look up on the net for a picture of hers and make the comparison! And do try and watch Ringu as well. A very respectable movie indeed.A good story, nice scares, decent acting and smooth direction! Enjoy the movie!This movie is great. Im on a bit of a revisit of horror this month... being stuck inside and all. This is one of my favorites.Rachel (Naomi Watts) is a journalist who investigates a mysterious video tape that purportedly kills its viewer 7 days after watching it. The Ring is an American adaptation of the Japanese horror film Ringu. Following the success of this movie, it spawned its own sequel and introduced the Western audience to J-horror adaptations, notably The Grudge. There's intense tension, scares and mood developed in this film that are still palpable every time you watch. In doing so, director Gore Verbinski shapes a timely narrative about communal disconnect, modern alienation and the all-conquering power of technology with this adaptation. Naomi Watts delivers a superb performance as Rachel and I'm so glad it propelled her into mainstream consciousness. Martin Henderson too is equally on form as Noah, her confidant.No matter how many times I've seen it, I enjoy watching this film. The Ring is a classic horror film of the 2000s, if not 'the' classic horror film of the 2000s.THE RING is my favorite horror movie of all time for many reasons. It is a remake of an excellent Japanese horror film named RINGU. I love both films and own both DVDs. Now since there are so many reasons why I love THE RING, I'll organize all the things I love and the very few things I would change about this brilliant and creepy film. But first let me give you a short version of the plot: after the death of her niece, investigative journalist, Rachael Keller finds a strange tape that her niece apparently watched one week before her death. The rumor behind the tape is that if you watch it, you will die seven days later.THE INTRO: The introduction to this film is very smart. At first it seems like a cheesy teenage slasher flick. But that my friends is a trick. After about 3 minuets into the film you realize just how mature and suspenseful of a film this really is.THE CHARACTERS: The characters of THE RING are great. Rachael Keller is the perfect journalist. She's very inquisitive and smart; she certainly does allot in this movie and keeps the plot going. Also Rachael Keller is a great mother; she puts her own life in danger so she may save her son. Noah Clay is sort of a comic relief, he's sarcastic and stubborn but is also very smart. Noah helps Rachael solve the mystery of the cursed tape. Aidan Keller is the son or Rachael Keller, Aidan is quiet and wise beyond his years, he was very close with his cousin before she died a mysterious and horrible death. The character list goes on so I'll skip ahead to the villain. Samara Morgan is the antagonist in this film, and boy what a villain. The secret to Samara's past is a sad and brutal one, which would explain the things she does through out the film.THE STYLE OF HORROR: I love horror films like THE RING. THE RING is very unique in it's style, it is filmed like an Asian horror film; full of flash backs, creepy imagery, nightmares, mysteries, and hallucinations. It's very bizarre and surreal at times, which isn't very out of place since this is a supernatural horror/thriller. If you ask anyone who has scene THE RING "which scene do you remember the most?" they'll probably tell you "the closet scene!". This is referring to the 2 seconds of footage of Katie, dead in the closet. This scene is the biggest jump scene in the film. There are a lot of different types of scares in this film; jump scares, suspense, shocks, chills, and intense terror! WHAT I WOULD CHANGE: There is very little I would actually change about this brilliant horror film. In fact, there is only one scene, the climax. I guess I would like one that's a bit longer. The climax in this film is still satisfying but I definitely wouldn't mind a longer one.THE ATMOSPHERE: Atmosphere is something I highly prize in any film, but especially in horror films. It's industrial in some places and fantasy-like in others but it's always tinted green or blue. It's almost always raining and the settings are all very nice. The settings go from Seattle to the forests of Washington to a fictional island and beyond.In conclusion I would like to once again say that this is my personal favorite horror film of all time. I highly recommend this movie to any one with intelligence and an imagination. THE RING is an amazing horror movie, a cult favorite now and a cult classic in the future, a blockbuster, and so much more. The critics loved it and so will you, trust me.After her niece and three of her niece's friends mysteriously die on the same night, at the same time, but in different circumstances, reporter Rachel Keller (Naomi Watts), hears the rumors of a video that when seen, "curses" the viewer so that they die in 7 days. She investigates the phenomenon with the aid of her ex, Noah Clay (Martin Henderson). They end up seeing the video. Can they figure out a solution in time?For my money, although the Japanese "original" upon which this film is based, Ringu (1998), is worth watching, this Gore Verbinski-directed U.S. version is superior in many ways, having none of the flaws but all of the assets and then some.I'm going to do something unusual and examine the differences between the two films by detailing just a portion of one scene present in both. I think the examination reveals why the U.S. film is superior. The scene is the tail end of the opening, which results in a death. Here's how it goes in Ringu: Tomoko Oishi's (Yuko Takeuchi) television mysteriously turns on to a baseball game as she's looking inside the refrigerator. She looks up, above the door, surprised. We get a reverse shot. We can see the television through frosted glass in the next room. A steadicam follows her from behind, peeking around the corner with her. We cut back to her face, which is relatively expressionless. We go back to a rear shot and see her walk to the remote and shut off the television. She turns around and walks back to the kitchen, pouring herself a drink. We cut to a lower-angled closer shot. We hear a noise. A subtle fear crosses her face. She trembles. Cut to a close shot from over her shoulder. Suddenly, she turns around, frightened. The frame freezes and quickly turns a blue/gray-tinted "negative" color. Here's how it goes in The Ring: Katie Embry (Amber Tamblyn) is in the kitchen, just about to drink, when the television turns on by itself to static. She stops dead in her tracks, her glass just barely touching her lips. Cut to a close up of her slowly turning her head and looking at the television, horrified. Almost achingly slowly, the camera creeps around the corner to show us the television. We see Katie look for any sign of an intruder. She sees the remote on the chair, but no one is around. She hurriedly shuts off the television, then walks away, trying to rationalize the event. Before she can get out of the room, the television turns on again. She stops again and turns even slower. The camera slowly creeps into a medium shot of Katie, with the television and its static reflected in a pane of glass. She runs over and puts her face right next to the television. We see this from a fantastically skewed angle, which distorts the television screen, sticking one end right in our face. We get an insert of Katie yanking the plug. Sparks shoot out. Back to the skewed angle, but now the screen is blank. We circle around slightly. Suddenly there's a noise from the kitchen. Katie gasps and turns around. Slowly, she peeks into the kitchen, just in time to see the refrigerator door open by itself. She runs to shut it, now breathing heavily. She mutters to herself and begins looking around with a very subtle panic on her face. As she quickly turns towards the hallway, the camera rapidly changes focus. We cut to an interesting overhead angle on the stairway. Katie appears, peeking around the corner. She calls for her friend Becca. She trots up the stairs. We cut to a beautiful, extremely low angle of the upstairs hallway, which exaggerates the perspective. As we see Katie reach the top of the stairs, we also see water slowly flowing into the hall from beneath a door. The camera stays at the low angle until Katie reaches the water. We cut to a close up. She's scared and bewildered, then trembling. We get an extreme close up of the door handle as her hand comes gradually into the focal range. She grabs the handle. Another close-up of her face. Cut to the interior of the room--her bedroom. Katie flings open the door, horrified. With a series of extremely fast cuts, we see a snippet of the Ring video on the television set in her bedroom. Cut back to Katie. A super fast zoom to her distorted, horrific face. Then back to the Ring video in a series of quick cuts, before the entire screen goes to static.The point here isn't that the U.S. version is longer. Rather, it's to exemplify the attention to craft, from technical to emotional aspects. Verbinski's pacing is much more deliberate and varied, creating intense suspense. Bojan Bazelli's cinematography is breathtakingly beautiful. There is an obsession with details, from those that integrate and propel the story to those that are artistically striking. The construction is much more complex, but every shot is analyzed for relevance. Every angle exists for a reason. The ornate aesthetics amp up the effect of the story. This approach isn't unique to the opening scene, but occurs throughout the film, including the famed "Ring video" itself. The music is also better here, and is better integrated into the film. The performances are excellent, with Aidan Keller (David Dorfman) just as creepy and disturbing as the antagonist, Samara Morgan (Daveigh Chase). As would be expected for U.S. audiences, Verbinski includes a lot more exposition in his film, working in explanatory material from Ringu 2 as well as new material exploring Samara's history. It works well here, as the story is much tighter. Everything eventually fits together like pieces of a puzzle, and it gives the Ring video and the varied settings of the film more relevance.This is the horror movie with different kinds of idea to horrify you....through video tape... and the video that was kn the tape itself was very creepy and scary....I first saw The Ring in 2006 while house sitting alone one evening. After seeing it in their DVD collection I decided to watch it to overcome boredom.Without really saying anything about the movie, it was a very disturbing experience all the way through, and after it finished I realized I had made a mistake to watch it alone in the dark at night for the first time. It was the most terrifying horror movie I had ever seen, with psychological effects lingering hours and days later. I was unprepared for what this film was about, which is why it affected me very deeply and I needed time to recover. I've watched it a few times since, and while the experience isn't as impacting as the first time, it's still an effective psychological film.This type of horror is definitely not for everyone though, because it's a rare moment of cinematic excellence that can really affect the viewer. With that said though, the filmmaker and crew did an excellent job. I never encountered a film like this before or since, and even compared to the original Japanese film, Ringu, The Ring wins hands down.I had hoped other films would raise or surpass the bar this film set. But in 15 years I've yet to see it. As a result, I believe this film will continue to remain among the best horror films of all time.This is the first movie that truly terrified me, I couldn't even finish it completely when it first came out.The movie is filled with bizarre visuals and amazing effects. Also, it has a beautiful atmospheric tone to the entire thing. A blue-ish hue with rainy/foggy weather. It really sets the tone.What a beautiful movie.When I saw the movie for the first time, my reaction at the end was the same as the whole audiences. WTF??? I was mainly disappointed and felt like I was wasting time and money. The movie left scars behind and I couldn't stay alone at home being that scarred for many days - which was kind of a good sign as I hardly get scarred watching horror movies nowadays (I am nearly 47 and grew up with all horror classics... I've "seen them all...").
As said, I was super angry having watched this movie. Yesterday, I went to the cinema with my 20 year old son as he wanted to see the movie with me. As loving father I agreed. This time I figured out what is truly going on in the movie! Caution - Spoiler !!:
The dear grandmom was a satanist. I knew that from the first time. Joanne, her "girlfriend" as well. I also got that one. But what was the electric impulse which you could see? This i figured out the second time. It was Paimon, the demon haunting the son of Annie. But Paimon needed the son to be dead first to be able to enter his body for good - which happenes just at the end of the movie when Peter jumpes out of the window. You can see Peter lying on the ground in front of the house when the electric impulse comes and enters Peters body. That was Paimon. Now Paimon has entered Peters body finally. The summoning was successful. And finally - Peter (now Paimon) makes that strange sound with his tongue, just like Charlie did before. Why? Charlie was the host of Paimon before. But her body was not healthy and it was a girls body, not the body of a man, which Paimon needed. Thats why Charlies grandmother wanted to her to be a boy instead of being a girl.
Makes sense now? 
And btw: Paimon is a real figure as well as the sign used in this film. It is one of the 72 demons from the Grimoire - some magic book also used by people like Aleister Crowley. 
Knowing that, the film has now become a real masterpiece. The tension increases constantly till the showdown at the end, when the movie suddenly becomes one of the most fearing horror movies I have ever seen. 
Well done A24 and Ari Aster! Great acting from the cast as well!This has to be one of the best horror movies ever! Toni Collette gives a performance of a lifetime and I think possibly the best of her career. Just when you think you know what's going on, the movie flips. It's so amazingly written and such a thrill ride. Not for the faint of heart!! I've watched this so many times but still get the same chill every single time. Definitely would recommend to horror fans! Review: 10/10And I mean this in the best way possible. The spectrum of emotions you go through range from sheer terror to complete hopelessness and sorrow. The movie picks at the human psyche in all the right ways. It's both hard to watch and impossible to look away. Hands down the best horror films I've ever seen, perhaps one of the best films in general.I really didn't know what to expect going in to see this film. I had seen the trailer and all of the good press for it, I adore Toni Collete, and I generally enjoy horror films. I left the theater with a pit in my stomach and came back the next day to see it again; this is a film that rewards multiple viewings.The film began rather predictably, in my opinion. However, the truly unexpected and disorienting end of the first act grabbed my attention and never let up from there. This film digs its hooks in deep and slowly drags you down into a pit of despair. There is a gleam of light at the end of the tunnel, but it isn't what you think. This is the first film in a while to keep me on my toes throughout its runtime, even if its plot isn't groundbreaking. The amazing performances, sublime cinematography, and outrageously outstanding sound design makes this film a real treat for anyone with a special affection for the medium.I've seen many compare this to The Exorcist and Rosemary's Baby, and I agree mostly with those comparisons. However, I also see this film as a distant relation to the original 1976 Carrie. Both films put family drama at the forefront and milk every ounce of dread from the truly hideous realities of familial cohabitation for what it's worth. What makes these films so stirring isn't jump scares, special FX, or "payoffs" to every tense scene they present; it is instead forefronting the all-to-real human tension and making the audience sit with it as uncomfortably as possible. The scenes that stick with me from Carrie aren't just her supernatural revenge at the prom, but the abuse from her mother and the gut-punching shower scene that opens the film. It's those moments of having to experience the very real ugliness of humanity that stir me and stay on my skin for days after seeing a film.My opinion is that this film is a masterpiece and will certainly be joining my list of all-time favorite horror films. However, it is definitely not for everyone. This is a film that's made to stand out to already-avid film fans with an appreciation for the format; those with short-attention spans and/or those accustomed to the mile-a-minute breakneck pace of most horror films won't enjoy this. I also think (and I'm going out on a limb here) that this is a film most readily accessible to those who have already experienced a major physical or existential loss or crisis in their life or are intimate with the feeling of being manipulated. There a lot of reports of people "giggling" during the film; I think some of this can be chalked up to the sheer discomfort this film causes, but I also think it may in some cases come from not being able to grasp the logic and affective phenomenon of grief that this film so accurately and exquisitely captures. This film is a meditation on themes of grief, family, manipulation, and ultimately a lack of control. This isn't a film like The Conjuring (which is also one of my favorites) that gives you more than enough "cues" to be scared during certain parts of the film; instead, this film relies on your attention to detail and your willingness to be devoured by its sinister textures.I don't even know where to begin with this one. When I heard that it was being made by some of the same people who worked on The Witch (which some people didn't like, but I liked it), I had high hope for this film, and boy was I not disappointed. Such a breath of fresh air for the genre in a time where Hollywood has prostituted it and released nothing but garbage. Not only was the film scary as hell, but it also had a lot to say about grief and trauma. The way the film is put together is its strongest part. The pacing, the editing, the cinematography, and the sound design all worked together to create a truly unique and hellish vision of horror. I'm a horror veteran, and rarely actually jump or feel tense, but this film made me feel like a horror virgin again, actually frightening me like no other Hollywood film can.The acting was also superb all around and only adds to the horror being presented on screen. Each character was unique and added their own style to this modern horror masterpiece. I saw many people in the theater jumping and looking away, some being grown men. A couple people even left, and I can't imagine its because they felt it was a bad film, because it was not. I am seriously considering going and seeing it again which hasn't happened since the Evil Dead remake and The Raid. I would say this film is a must see for any horror fan or for anyone wanting to be scared out of their minds.It's really a shame that people who are too lazy and desensitized to appreciate this film gave it negative reviews. The fact that anyone would rate this movie any less than a 9/10 is despicable to me. This film was an absolute masterclass in it's genre. From the opening scene you will feel a tremendous level of discomfort and apprehension that only intensifies as the movie goes on. The performances by all those involved are excellent. No jump scares, no unbelievable characters, no exaggeration of blood and guts. This film is exactly what horror should be: terrifying. A movie that will sit with you well after you leave the theater.My favourite movie of 2018 was a very disturbing one that was filled with sharp turns and twists filled with horrifying scenes incredible acting pagan cults and really great directing there's not that much I can say about this movie just don't go into it with a full stomach this is not your average horror movie I don't need to say that you should watch it you might regret it it's very unsettlingThis movie is not a traditional horror movie. In fact, I would even go so far as to say it is not even a horror movie at all, just a heavy drama movie with terrifying elements to it. This movie did absolutely everything right, from the extremely realistic dialogue, to the astoundingly realistic visuals, to the cinematography, and more. Everything about this movie just worked, there was absolutely no scene or shot that felt unneeded or unnecessary. The movie looked gorgeous, and then, fitting for the mood of the movie, it seemed to darken the colors and the tone of the shots and cinematography overall. The acting in this movie was complete perfection, down to even the most minor of characters. Toni Collette gives by far the best performance I have seen by an actress this year and I can easily say that she deserves to be acknowledged in the upcoming Oscars. Even Alex Wolff, whom I did not think would do a great job within the movie, did an outstanding job. The thing that drives this movie forward is the pure tension that is felt not only within the characters and between them, but with the audience as well. This movie is horror at its finest, pure tension, no reliance on jumpscares. There was a particular scene that just blew me away with how well it was shot, it involved a character being in their bed and then looking around their room thinking to have heard something, and all the while, there is a mysterious figure lurking in the darkness. And rather than use this figure to provide a chance for a cheap jumpscare, the director just lets the audience soak in the image of that entity in the room with the character, and no jumpscare happens. This is the definition of a pure horror movie that relies on tension and nothing else. This is definitely one of the best movies I have seen all year, and the second best horror movie I have ever seen, right behind 2015's The Witch. This movie blew me away, and if you are a fan of horror movies, drama movies, or both, go see this movie. It is utterly and completely amazing.I am a horror fanatic and I have not seen a movie that has impressed me this much since the first time I saw The Shining. The director reminds me of a mixture of Lars Von Trier's encrypted mind and Wes Anderson's pleasing imagery. The narrative itself keeps the viewer guessing the genre which only adds to the suspense in having no idea where the movie could go. So wonderfully thought out, so incredibly visually pleasing. A must see for anyone who's a fan of horror, gore, drama, suspense, etc. I am in love with this movie.I've spent my whole life watching horror movies yet there were parts of this movie that left me in utter shock
and horror, left me gasping and hoping they wouldn't go where they did. I can't praise this movie enough.. brutal, crafty, original, eerie, compelling.. just brilliant and utterly disturbing and terrifying. I can't say enough good things.Kubrick, King and Nicholson, the writing was literally on the wall, and I don't mean RedRum, forty years on, and The Shining is still a masterpiece.Kubrick takes King's fantastic book, and builds on it, bringing the story to life in his own inimitable way. It's dark, it's bleak, it's terrifying, a masterpiece in storytelling. You watch as the central character's mental collapse is played out in a spine chilling fashion.Gorgeous camera work, incredible visuals, that opening is iconic. So many incredible, visual moments, the twins, lift, barman etc, no wonder it's been parodied multiple times over the years, famously by The Simpsons.An iconic role for Jack Nicholson, he is incredible, well supported by a terrific cast.It's a classic, 10/10.The Shining, you know what's weird about this movie? This is the movie that everyone, for people who claim to not like horror films, will always say that The Shining is a terrific film. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic vision of Stephen King's horror tale of madness and blood. This is just an incredible film and wither you have seen it or not, you have heard of it, know a few lines from it, and know some of the classic images. Who could forget Jack's "Here's Johnny!"? Who could forget "All Work and No Play Make Jack a Dull Boy"? Who could forget that chilling ending? This is the film that is unforgettable and honestly in my opinion is Kubrick's best work. I know there is a lot of argument in that department, a lot of people say it's 2001: A Space Odyssey or Clockwork Orange or even Dr. Strangelove, but if those film pioneered film making, then The Shining perfected it. This is the tale of isolation, madness, terrifying images, and the ultimate ghost story that will crawl underneath your skin. Jack Torrance, Jack's son Danny, and Jack's wife, Wendy arrive at the Overlook Hotel on closing day. The elderly African-American chef, Dick Hallorann, surprises Danny by speaking to him telepathically and offering him some ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared the gift; they called the communication "shining." Danny asks if there is anything to be afraid of in the hotel, particularly Room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a certain "shine" to it and many memories, not all of them good, and advises him to stay out of room 237 under all circumstances. Danny's curiosity about Room 237 finally gets the better of him when he sees the room has been opened. Danny shows up injured and visibly traumatized after Jack tells Wendy that he loves his family. Seeing this, Wendy thinks Jack has been abusing Danny. Jack wanders into the hotel's Gold Room where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd. Danny starts calling out the word "redrum" frantically, and scribbling it on walls. He goes into a trance, and withdraws; he now says that he is Tony, his own "imaginary friend." Jack sabotages the hotel radio, cutting off communication from the outside world, but Hallorann has received Danny's telepathic cry for help and is on his way. Wendy discovers that Jack has been typing endless pages of manuscript repeating "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy" formatted in various ways. Horrified, Jack threatens her and she knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat, locking him in a storage locker in the kitchen. Jack converses with Grady through the door of the locker, which then unlocks releasing him. Danny has written "REDRUM" in lipstick on the door of Wendy's bedroom. When she looks in the mirror, she sees that it is "Murder" spelled backwards. Jack picks up an axe and begins to chop through the door leading to his family's living quarters. "Here's Johnny!", and Jack's legendary image is born.The Shining is one of those films that you seriously have to make time to see, this is an incredible film and still gives me nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and unforgettable. But one I also feel is extremely overlooked is Shelley Duvall, her scene of finding Jack's rant All Work is incredible, that's a look of horror and you can see that fear in her face after realizing her husband is mad. Also another incredible scene is when Jack sees a ghost woman in the bathtub, it's honestly one of the most terrifying scenes in horror cinema. The reason this film is so well known is because it's a film of perfection, it's been on The Simpsons, it's been shown in other films and it's a film that will forever stay with you when you see it, trust me.10/10Okay, okay, maybe not THE greatest. I mean, The Exorcist and Psycho and a few others are hard to pass up, but The Shining is way up there. It is, however, by far the best Stephen King story that has been made into a movie. It's better than The Stand, better than Pet Sematary (if not quite as scary), better than Cujo, better than The Green Mile, better the Dolores Claiborne, better than Stand By Me (just barely, though), and yes, it's better than The Shawshank Redemption (shut up, it's better), I don't care WHAT the IMDb Top 250 says.  I read that, a couple of decades ago, Stanley Kubrick was sorting through novels at his home trying to find one that might make a good movie, and from the other room, his wife would hear a pounding noise every half hour or so as he threw books against the wall in frustration. Finally, she didn't hear any noise for almost two hours, and when she went to check and see if he had died in his chair or something (I tell this with all due respect, of course), she found him concentrating on a book that he had in his hand, and the book was The Shining. And thank God, too, because he went on to convert that book into one of the best horror films ever.Stephen King can be thanked for the complexity of the story, about a man who takes his wife and son up to a remote hotel to oversee it during the extremely isolated winter as he works on his writing. Jack Nicholson can be thanked for his dead-on performance as Jack Torrance (how many movies has Jack been in where he plays a character named Jack?), as well as his flawless delivery of several now-famous lines (`Heeeeeere's Johnny!!'). Shelley Duvall can be thanked for giving a performance that allows the audience to relate to Jack's desires to kill her. Stanley Kubrick can be thanked for giving this excellent story his very recognizable touch, and whoever the casting director was can be thanked for scrounging up the creepiest twins on the planet to play the part of the murdered girls.
One of the most significant aspects of this movie, necessary for the story as a whole to have its most significant effect, is the isolation, and it's presents flawlessly. The film starts off with a lengthy scene following Jack as he drives up to the old hotel for his interview for the job of the caretaker for the winter. This is soon followed by the same thing following Jack and his family as they drive up the windy mountain road to the hotel. This time the scene is intermixed with shots of Jack, Wendy, and Danny talking in the car, in which Kubrick managed to sneak in a quick suggestion about the evils of TV, as Wendy voices her concern about talking about cannibalism in front of Danny, who says that it's okay because he's already seen it on TV (`See? It's okay, he saw it on the television.').
The hotel itself is the perfect setting for a story like this to take place, and it's bloody past is made much more frightening by the huge, echoing rooms and the long hallways. These rooms with their echoes constantly emphasize the emptiness of the hotel, but it is the hallways that really created most of the scariness of this movie, and Kubrick's traditional tracking shots give the hallways a creepy three-dimensional feel. Early in the film, there is a famous tracking shot that follows Danny in a large circle as he rides around the halls on his Big Wheel (is that what those are called?), and his relative speed (as well as the clunking made by the wheels as he goes back and forth from the hardwood floors to the throw rugs) gives the feeling of not knowing what is around the corner. And being a Stephen King story, you EXPECT something to jump out at you. I think that the best scene in the halls (as well as one of the scariest in the film) is when Danny is playing on the floor, and a ball rolls slowly up to him. He looks up and sees the long empty hallway, and because the ball is something of a child's toy, you expect that it must have been those horrendously creepy twins that rolled it to him. Anyway, you get the point. The Shining is a damn scary movie.Besides having the rare quality of being a horror film that doesn't suck, The Shining has a very in depth story that really keeps you guessing and leaves you with a feeling that there was something that you missed. HAD Jack always been there, like Mr. Grady told him in the men's room? Was he really at that ball in 1921, or is that just someone who looks exactly like him? If he has always been the caretaker, as Mr. Grady also said, does that mean that it was HIM that went crazy and killed his wife and twin daughters, and not Mr. Grady, after all? It's one thing for a film to leave loose ends that should have been tied, that's just mediocre filmmaking. For example, The Amityville Horror, which obviously copied much of The Shining as far as its subject matter, did this. But it is entirely different when a film is presented in a way that really makes you think (as mostly all of Kubrick's movies are). One more thing that we can all thank Stanley Kubrick for, and we SHOULD thank him for, is for not throwing this book against the wall. That one toss would have been cinematic tragedy.Possibly the best film in cinema history thanks to the armonically flawless Kubrick's direction and the terrifically sublime Nicholson's performance.A movie which I've never seen before. It changed my viewpoint to the cinema overall. A masterpiece which inspired me and still keeps doing that. Also introduced me to my favorite director of all time - Stanley Kubrick.As each year goes by, people realize even more just how brilliant this movie is. The Shining unnerves the viewer in a way other horror movies can only try to; its surreal feeling, hidden messages and terrifying performances captivate you and leave you wondering long after the credits roll. Kubrick made a masterpiece, and analyses of this work of art are continuing to find more and more deeper meanings.ANY horror fan, and really any fan of cinema, must see this gem.No amount of words can contain my appreciation of The Shining, but, it is a perfect psychological and haunting masterpiece for every frame of every second of the film. Jack Nicholson gives the greatest acting performance of all time also, the scene of him getting a drink at the bar solidifies this. Stanley Kubrick is one of the smartest people to have ever lived with unrivalled artistic abilities, and The Shining is his masterclass.A frustrated writer takes a job as caretaker at a deserted hotel, undisturbed at the news of the location's murderous past, and seals himself up through the bleak winter with his wife and son. But the past never leaves the present ...Plenty of comprehensive reviews for this masterpiece, so I'll make just two points.Music makes up about half the effect of a horror movie, but this baby goes even further. Apart from a couple of quiet scenes near the beginning, it never lets up yet never overwhelms. The opening drive through the mountains is full of ominous synth, and the first act is all atonal and unsettling. We switch in preparation for going through the looking glass - Room 237 - when the music becomes orchestral and structured, with multiplying tritones struck in ghastly sequence as Danny first notices the key in the lock. The music returns to atonal, but orchestral this time, as the evil worms its way into the characters. At the climax, we're hit with a satanic choir, and finish off with eerie dance music from the '20s. Add in the sound design, with the wheels on carpet and board, Tony's mutterings, the chilling rhythm of the dialogue in the red toilet and the stairway scenes, and it all works brilliantly.Second, many say this is a psychological horror, but I disagree. It's clear from the off that Jack Torrance is a man with no centre - a pleaser and a conniver and a bully - so it's a question of when, not if, he loses control, and there's no pyschological progression. I imagine Kubrick would have considered that trite, and preferred instead to use the characters as one of many frames to create the effect of evil, so it becomes a total cinematic horror. Essential that we go through the looking glass, and this is where we get the progression, from the music at the moment Danny passes the room, through the sound effect at Jack's falling into a nightmare, to Wendy's close up on discovering the typed pages, and to the point where she herself experiences the visions, not just Danny and Jack. To finish off, we're literally taken into a frame that confirms this is not some guy going off on one, but a circle of hell.Stephen King is said to have dismissed this as a travesty of his work, and I guess we're dealing with two very different views of what makes horror. I dunno about the writer, but the film-maker dun made a horror.Horror films are associated with extreme and sickening violence/gore, lunatic killers and mostly focus on teenagers. They are mostly just poor excuses to put extreme violence on film to appeal to younger people, and nearly all, with a few exceptions such as Saw, are totally crap. Violence doesn't make a film good. In making The Shining, Stanley Kubrick has shown the world how horror films should be made.There are none of the predictable bad-guy-jumps-out-of-the-dark scenes to try and scare you. Instead Kubrick builds up suspense with the chilling musical score, and Jack Torrance gradually gets driven insane. Jack Nicholson is perfect to portray the character of Torrance. Not only is he a brilliant actor anyway, but he looks perfect for the part. He isn't your stereotyped perfect-looks actor, I don't think someone like Brad Pitt would be as effective playing his part. Pitt is a great actor, but you can't imagine someone like him going insane in a weird hotel! I think the cast is important to this film. Kubrick cast a proper leading actor and actress, rather than the randomly assembled casts of young 20 year olds you get in most horror films. And hey! The result is way better.There are a perfect amount of genuine horror scenes, such as the famous axe scene, and the scene in the maze, and it never goes over the top. There is also some unique horror scenes, such as when Jack writes about 1,000 pages of the same words, and the visions of the blood from the elevator and the little girls. They are bizarre but very effective in building suspense.The storyline is also much more effective than the usual story of teenagers being pursued by a lunatic murderer. A man stuck in a hotel for the winter with just his family who gradually goes insane is much more original and much much much more effective. Horror films are meant to be scary, and this really is. There are many scenes showing Jack's willingness to give in to temptation, and how he wants to get away from his wife and weird son. The camera-work is also excellent, as it builds up tension by moving along the corridors, and it also emphasises that Jack is feeling confined in the hotel.Stephen King didn't like Kubrick's interpretation of his novel, I can't believe how. Kubrick just made it better! This is a top film and is a landmark for horror films.You can't change what's perfect. And this film is as close as they come.Brilliant Horror film ! while I was watching the film at a packed movie theater, I was thinking Chucky has finally met his match in Annabelle. not that Annabelle the movie is anything like the Child's play films, it is very different and perhaps the only common factor they share is the presence of a doll.the movie was executed professionally, everything was top notch, from direction to Cinematography, and from acting to plot and dialog, everything was in place. I also loved the 70s vibe, and the lead actress Annabelle Wallis playing Mia was also excellent.the movie had its shares of scares, jump out of your seat surprises but nothing over the top, it might not be as scary as people might be expecting and hence some of the negative reviews here from other users. However, I thought the movie was well balanced and relied mainly on story and character rather than being overtly scary, which was perfect in my opinion and it what made it so good and successful in my eyes.I highly recommend this, a good Horror film to start October with and prepare for Halloween. go watch itVery very scary . The 2 nd scariest movie of all time right behind the exorcist . I don't get scared easily , I had seen hundreds of horror movies but this one really scared me , the basement elevator scene is the scariest movie scene of all time ( I'm still shaken up by it ) If you want to get scared than go see this movie . Don't listen to people who haven't even seen this movie . Its genuinely scary and I can handle a lot . its about a doll that is possessed and wants to take the main characters child ( her "soul ") , it has some very intense scare scenes , I would say the best scare scenes ever filmed but the doll itself isn't scary at all .I loved this movie! I dragged my best friend with me (who is terrified by scary movies) and I jumped more than she did--but thats probably because she kept her head hidden most of the movie. Annabelle is the perfect creepy doll. She doesn't even say anything, yet she's still creepy as hell! It was a slow moving scary movie -- which makes this movie all the more scary. I don't like movies where they throw blood and gore in your face; thats too predictable. This movie had all the pieces of the puzzle to connect both movies (The Conjuring and Annabelle) together. I thought the part where the mother saw a little girl in the nursery, and just as the door was closing the girl came running and flipped to a crazy girl in a bloody nightgownIf you liked Insidious, than this is a must watch. As opposed to a movie focusing on the doll Annabelle like Child's Play does with Chucky, this movie steers to the evil behind the doll. Good Decision. Props to the director for this. What really impressed me was how I could say this movie belongs up in the category of Insidious for the many creepy scenes. There were some laughs, and some jump stomach aching inducing scenes. I don't know who the director of this movie is, but when I do I will keep my eyes open to See what else he contributes. 2014 was a good year for horror movies. First "Tusk", and now "Annabelle".A demonic soul is present in the doll but without movement it is just used to create hallucinations to its owner.
The story of an evil doll who wants to kill its owners by bringing them bad luck and curse.No jump in the movie this film lacks a touch of fear and anguish.This movie is probably the scariest horror movie that I have ever seen!I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. It provided ample amount of scares causing me to jump out of my skin several times which is very hard for a horror film to bring out of me. The fact that I had watched a documentary about the real doll before watching the movie helped make it that much scarier. If you didn't like this movie it's probably because it scared you a little too much. If you found it slow perhaps you have a form of ADHD (no offense intended). I also loved the fact that they stepped away from the normal format of most movies about demons keeping them invisible and for short brief moments letting us see the terrifying creature.I'm shocked this movie has received such low ratings. I've seen a LOT of horror films (as one can assume from my user name), so I'm more critical than most of horror films but this one was honestly very well done. The actors did a fantastic job, the baby was adorable, and that elevator scene and the stair scene following it were absolutely phenomenal! I don't jump, scare, or become startled easily at movies whether in a theater or at home but this one managed to freak me out and make me jump a few times. The elevator scene just kept me on edge waiting for the demon to reappear and grab her or drag her or something! Then when she was running up the stairs and stopped to look back and all you can see is this vague dark outline and your thought process goes "Wait is that the demon...? I think it is. Oh god, it is!". Truly classic horror movie techniques. I get so tired of slasher films that only want sex, rape, nudity and blood. I'm sorry, but a man running around just cutting off naked girls limbs isn't really terrifying. Also the part with the priest running into the church with the doll, I expected the girl to be standing in the church all like "Haha holy ground my ass!" and then slaughter him, but instead he went flying back towards the street where she stood which caught me off guard and made me jump a little.The only part I'm still a little unsure of whether it was beneficial or negative is when Mia (the mother) is in their dining room and the doll is sitting on the ground then floats up and you see the demon/creature thing standing behind holding it and it shows its face... It's definitely a decently creepy demon, I just sometimes prefer only a somewhat reveal of it like when it was on the stairs. I feel like showing its face completely can take away the horror of the unknown.Really, people should give this film a chance. I thought it was even better than conjuring and I thought conjuring was great as well.Anabelle Is A Really Creepy Doll. She Keeps Writing Letters In Red Crayon. They Throw Her Away Only For Anabelle To Come Back. The Girl Kills Her Parents And The Slits Her Throat And Her Blood Goes In The Anabelle Doll. And Then She Starts Messing With This Family. And Then She Wants To Posses The Baby. This Movie Is Creepy. And Then That One Girl Jumps Out The Window And Kills Herself Oh My Gosh. I Love Anabelle It Is Scary.Annabelle is one of the most incredible movies I have ever watched. I went to go watch it in theaters with my friends and my family. The only part that made me scream was when the devilish finger popped out at us. I screamed and flung popcorn every where and throw my feet um on my seat. My brother started to cry so he berried his face in the bucket of popcorn. That was the best night ever. I have never watched a movie with so much going on and all had to do with a doll with rosy pink cheeks. After that I had dreams about having a doll like her and it was amazing but frighting at the same time. After I watched the movie I wanted a doll like Annabelle for the longest time ever. My mother told me I was crazy.