My grandfather fought in WW2 somehow surviving D-Day. He was apart of Operation Neptune and stormed the beaches of Normandy. He told us a lot of war stories but rarely ever spoke about that day. Before he passed away he did an interview with a local newspaper and detailed what he saw despite it being very difficult for him to speak about. He loved watching war movies... not sure exactly why. Some about that soldier life never really leaves them I guess. He absolutely hated Pearl Harbor cause of the horrible way they portray the military to be a bunch of toothbrush wielding babies who don't know what to do in the event of being attacked. He had a friend stationed there who lost his life and thinks that movie is a disgusting display of ignorance. Soldiers don't take girlfriends on private plane rides. And they most definitely know how to swim. Maybe I'll give that movie a good ripping one day.But Saving Private Ryan was a respectable "I can't watch this" reaction. He said no movie has come that close to capturing what that day was like. He said it was too realistic. Whether or not the story is based on real or fiction, that intro was 100% realistic. I'm not sure if he ever did finish watching it but he appreciated it for capturing that chaos like no other movie has before. I watched the movie a dozen times now and keep it in my collection as a reminder of my grandfather. A scene he was technically in. Which makes me appreciate how strong of a person he really is.War is hell and this movie not only shows that while being an entertaining experience but also captured what soldiers are left behind with. My grandfather was not afraid of anything. I've seen this man walk into a cellar full of black widows to get firewood and not even shake them off. The only time he ever experienced fear was when he went to bed. His nightmares of his time during the war would haunt him in his sleep. This movie helped me understand why.The first 23 minutes of this film is rated at a 12.My good friend and I took our sons, 17 at the time, to see this in a theater. I am a senior military officer who experienced combat in 1967 - 68 - 69. We wanted the boys to see the horror of war, the slaughter.I have had to pack up the personal effects of my comrade to send back to his mother after he was killed in the Viet Nam war. Those of you who have not done this cannot even comprehend.After the opening combat scenes the film was an 8. Well done.War is hell and to those of us who have been there ... well I don't know what to say.Neither of our sons joined the military ... thank God.I have never been affected by a movie the way Saving Private Ryan affected me.  That movie really took me out of my seat in the movie theater and practically had me believing I was really in the battle with John Miller. When somebody was dying in that movie, it felt as if you could almost feel their pain.  Speilberg did an unbelievable job of putting realism into this movie with the camera-work and everything else.  Simply amazing.  An all time great.Possibly the most realistic depiction of gruesome war shown in film in Spielberg's yet another addition to his perfect films collection. I got emotional during the last scene in this film as it really makes you feel for the character. The story goes as Tom Hank's character is tasked to find and save the only Ryan brother as all of his other brothers are K.I.A. and Hank's performance as a soldier in World War 2 is possibly the most realistic as it shows the horrors that troops saw during the assaults. Matt Damon as Ryan is also very good as he was relatively young which adds to how young soldiers were sent to hell to fight the Japs. The last scene really hit the heart for me and creates the best emotional resonance. The incredible special effects really show the true gritty reality of war. This film is not like previous classic war movies such as Where Eagles Dare and The Guns of Navarone where they somewhat glorify being in war. Saving Private Ryan is among the greatest of Spielberg. Today, there have been similar gritty movies of war such as Fury and Hacksaw Ridge but for me, this is better than those. Overall, I highly recommend seeing this obviously take into count the lengthy running time but it is well worth it.It gives a million reason why no one should go to war and one very powerful reason to go to war. It is a soul numbing realistic depiction of what our grandfathers, fathers, uncles, brothers and sons have faced in humanities darkest moments. Not just in WWII but in any war. No one can see this movies without being altered in some way. No one should miss it with the EXCEPTION of those war veterans that have already been there. The surround sound puts the audience in the middle of the battle. Steven Spielberg has out done himself and effectively held up a mirror to civilization for events to which we should all be ashamed of, rather than appalled at the movie for its real life depictions. I suggest that this movie be made standard view for congress as well as the President each and every time the question of war comes up. This movie would not stop future wars but I would hope the objectives would be much more clearly defined. I say this as a US Marine.21 years ago this movie was released and I finally watched it in 2019. I really struggled to watch and I cried and I wept through most of the movie. I did two tours in Nam. This movie was like being back in country. I will never watch it again. It's just eats my guts out.This film is an absolute masterpiece. It shows that war isn't always glamorous. Steven Spielberg won a Best Directing Oscar for his work on this film and the film went on to win four others. It is gritty and bloody and it shows that wars aren't won by weapons but by soldiers. The cast shine as the group of soldiers tasked with finding Private Ryan. Along the way they encounter the harsh truth and real meaning of war. It boasts impressive battle sequences and the stylish cinematography makes the film truly beautiful. The opening beach sequence is possibly the greatest opening scenes in movies. Tom Hanks is spell binding as the commander who has no idea about the harsh truth of war. Overall a truly amazing film.........from Pasto,Colombia...Via: L.A. CA., CALI, COLOMBIA and ORLANDO, FLNumbing shockon a cellular levelmotivated me to return to the theater a week later, to experience it again. I was not in the least disappointed. Indulged myself by acquiring the DVD soon after its release and reliving the experience on numerous occasions! In RYAN, Spielberg succeeds in getting inside the viewer's head by immersing us in his ingeniously structured cascading time-lapse glacier of chaos, resulting in a 2½ hour free-fall rush into overwhelming impotence. RYAN seers the hell of war into every pore of your psyche, like no other war movie before or since. Watching it is a delightful exercise in masochistic pleasure.Certainly, anything but war friendly, Spielberg's 1998 classic, the highest rated war themed film in the history of cinema (#33-IMDb Top 250 today), only makes oblique reference to the diabolical nature of the Nazi juggernaut. RYAN tenaciously and consistently drives home the only "shades of gray" nature of the nuts and bolts, day-to-day, moment to moment decision options available in the heat of battle! I offer, as an example of this, various moments of on screen interaction with German prisoner of war, nicknamed "Steamboat Willie"Just watch, eventually you will understand!Also, I think a special note of recognition is due to Denise ChamianIf the name doesn't ring a bell, don't feel badshe did not register with me either! Her name appears for The CASTING Credit of RYAN. Superb job, Ms. Chamian!(Minority Report/Big Fish) She has been nominated on multiple occasions by the Casting Society of Americabut RYAN seems to be her only win! (An extremely well deserved one, in my opinion)The Ensemble cast also received a Screen Actors Guild Nomination in that category. After having seen RYAN at least 10 times, I stand firmly by this accolade: One of the BEST Ensemble performances ever! To anyone out there who hasn't seen RYAN, maybe because of its War or Action genre labelThis is one hell of a humanistic Greek tragedy that you simply must see! To those of you who have seen it once or twice, but who haven't in years.Please give it another lookYou won't be disappointed in the leastRYAN only gets better with each viewing!10*....ENJOY!/DISFRUTELA!Without looking, I am sure other reviewers here have headlined their article "Best War Movie Ever Made"" and I agree. However, before briefly discussing the film, let me just say if you don't have a decent 5.1 surround sound system, you aren't going to fully appreciate this movie (DVD).It's a great film to start with, and sitting in a room surrounded by five speakers with bullets flying from all directions around you - as in that spectacular 22- minute opening scene or in the final 45 minutes of action against the Germans in tanks - is an astounding movie experience. The sound in this film elevates it even higher.The visuals are outstanding, too. I've never seen so many grays, beiges and olive-greens look this good: perfect colors for the bombed-out French city where the last hour takes place, perfect for the faces and uniforms of the gritty soldiers, for the machinery, the smoke-filled skies, etc.My only complaint is the usage of Lord's name in vain 25-30 times, but, hey, when you consider it's tough men in tough times, that's what you are going to hear. In real life, the profanity probably was worse than the film. It's hard to picture the brutality of war being any worse than you see here, but it probably was. This is about as graphic as it gets. The violence and gore was shocking when this film came out in 1997 and still is when watched almost a decade later. It's unbelievable what some of the WWII soldiers went through, but that can be said for any war. I believe the purpose of this film was to pay tribute to the sacrifices these men made, and it succeeds wonderfully. Hats off to Steven Spielberg and to Tom Hanks, the leading actor in here, both of whom have worked hard for WWII vets to get the recognition they deserve, not just on film but in a national memorial.Anyway, language or blood and guts aside, this is still an incredible portrait of WWII. The almost-three hour film is riveting start-to-finish, especially with that memorable beginning action scene, probably the most dramatic in the history of film.As "entertaining" as those action scenes were, I found the lulls, if you will, to be even better. Listening to Hanks and his men discuss various things as they look for Private Ryan, was fascinating to me. Hanks is just superb in here and once again shows why he is considered one of the best actors in his generation.The most memorable and powerful moment among the "lulls," is the shot early on of the Ryan mother sinking to her knees on her front porch as she realizes she is about to get disastrous news from the war. Moments later, Harve Presenell, playing Gen. MacArthur, eloquently reads a letter by Abraham Lincoln that is so beautifully written, so profound that it is quoted near the end of the film, too, and I never get tired of hearing it.This is a man's movie, and shows the horrors of war as few others ever have. To say it is "memorable," just doesn't do it justice. It is the greatest war movie ever made....period.The opening beach assault sequences were the most violent, realistic, and upsetting filming I've ever seen; looked as though the thing was actual combat footage. The shushing noises of rounds cutting through the air was the most chilling part of all. Perfect portrayal of the insane stupidity of war and the anguish of all who enter this most foolish of enterprises. A must see.The best film in the era of Daniel Craig as James Bond. Supremely well acted. The best performances are by Craig, Dench and Bardem who are prize. Great action scenes, big issue that touches past Bond and M which little is known. Sam Mendes does a masterful job directing this installment of James Bond. Realmete with this film you can compare Danie Craig Sean Connolly.'Could we discuss the next part of your performance over that drink?' asks the glittering Severine (Berenice Marlohe) from a suave tuxedoed James Bond (Daniel Craig). And indeed, this 23rd Bond outing, superbly directed by the usually reliable Sam Mendes, does just that, pausing appropriately to settle down leisurely over a drink, for some flirtation, some tense verbal confrontation, some self-reflection and brooding just before cutting away to some clean-cut, thrilling action. The result is the uniquely named 'Skyfall' a Bond film so full of the vintage charm and charisma yet fashioned in modern, urban and instantly accessible style that it ends up being one of the finest films of the franchise.Yes, Mendes' film is a solid revamp of the Bond franchise, bringing in welcome dollops of humor, luxury and sensuality that went missing from the franchise with the last outing. And impressively enough, there is enough emotion without slowing things down, enough tension and action without making it too frenetic and the pacing is so, so perfect that you seldom feel the film falling short or dragging too long.Pretty much everyone would agree that the 60s were the heyday of the Bond films. Those Sean Connery-starrers were primarily all about the leading man and his ladies but each was fashioned with such a slick ease, wise-ass humor and layer-cakes of moments that we embraced them all as subversive classics. 'Skyfall' fortunately, is a film that reaches up to that caliber.Clearly, the best thing about the film is the pacing. Mendes is in no hurry to let the film unravel. The story begins in Istanbul, with Bond and his side-kick Eve Moneypenny (a sharp-tongued Naomie Harris, smarter than ever), chasing down a man with a list. The action scenes come in neatly and the opening pursuit shifts from a hectic bike chase on the rooftops to the cliff-hanging fight on top of the train and it all looks truly spectacular.The plot is simple enough- MI6 is under attack from a former agent- a renegade named Silva (Javier Bardem) who has a knack for orchestrating terrorist attacks with a simple click of the mouse. But trust me, this has to be one of the smoothest Bond outings in recent years; Mendes smartly and adroitly navigates the action from Istanbul to alternately grey and sunny London and from the stunning Shanghai to the villain's lair- ideally an abandoned island and finally in Bond's ancestral home in rural Scotland's foggy moors, setting the stage for a truly dramatic experience.And, boy, it delivers. For all the charm that it delivers, this has to be one of the most intimately dramatic Bond outing since ages. The plot is about how the ubiquitous computer can be used as a weapon for security breach but more importantly, this is a film that pairs both Bond and his nemesis in the same light- both are tortured souls, both were MI6 heroes who had been left for the dead in the name of protocol and duty and M, played superbly by Judi Dench, looms like a domineering matriarch over both the men. Silva's angst is against M's cold-blooded dedication to her duty, and Bond feels some of it as well but the latter clings to his morals out of loyalty to his nation. The stakes are downright personal and high and clearly each scene of action or searing tension feels immediate, urgent and the film gels with us on a personal level.But none of it jars. Smartly enough, everything is on an even keel- the action feels perfectly urgent but it does not stretch, the drama is poignant and painful, the humor comes in like a fresh breath into the taut proceedings and it all works impeccably as smoothly as the click of a mouse itself.'Skyfall' also proves quite what everyone is saying since 2006's 'Casino Royale- that Daniel Craig is the best Bond we had since Connery. This is a film where he is never as before- instead of the hardened, brutal action hero we were handed last time, here is a more relaxed Bond, clearly at greater ease, flirting with women and sparring with M and Q (an impressive Ben Whishaw) with equal dry charm and sarcasm. He makes his one-liners blaze and his quieter moments are played out with a subtlety. He rules the film without trying too hard. It is a solid, compelling act.And he is matched by the villain as well. Super performer Javier Bardem shows up in an unforgettable role as the menacing Silva, a man whom you might cringe at yet a character who stays with us as long as he is there in the film. He flips between smooth talking to a nasty edge with superb ease and his confrontation with Bond is clearly the highlight of the film. This is also an action film where the cinematographer also stands out. The work of veteran lens-man Roger Deakins is clearly one of the best things in this film. Deakins bathes each frame, from the action and suspense to the more reflective and emotional sequences with a fantastic play of light, shadow, shade, texture and perspective. Everything looks stunning, perfectly placed and in balance yet urgent and explosive.'Skyfall' is clearly a Bond film for the ages. The layer-cakes of vintage moments are perfectly underlined with a modern style- the scene between Q and Bond is a moment of self-reflexive humor, clearly revealing the generation gap between the two and the one between the new and the old Bond. Clearly, this is a film that has something for both the fans of old and fans of new. And that is a grandstanding achievement itself.Thank you, Daniel Craig. Thank You, Javier Bardem and thank you, Sam Mendes, for making me believe in James Bond again.Now, give us some more. Ah! It was worth the wait."Skyfall" is loaded with jaw-dropping awesome stunts and special effects, one of the most beautiful and tragic Bond girls ever--the stunning Bérénice Marlohe, and a brilliant theme song from the fabulously talented Adele and producer Paul Epworth lushly orchestrated by J.A.C. Redford. There is sizzling homo erotic tension between Daniel Craig's perfect Bond and Javier Bardem's Silva, a villain the likes of which have never been seen in this franchise. Dame Judi Dench's marvelous "M" is set up for retirement from the onset of the film. Dench, who has portrayed M for seven Bond films--a record- -is given the screen time she deserves to honor her character. While Craig's "Casino Royale" remains my favorite with its bloody and raw portrayal of the spy business and most tender Bond romance since "On Her Magesty's Secret Service," "Skyfall" is full and satisfying and among the best films of its kind released this season.It has been a long ride for the Bond series, since the creation of the character there have been 15 novels by Ian Fleming, plenty of spin-off novels, comics, cartoons and video games and the film series is now 50 years old. There have been an extraordinary 23 official films, but few as extraordinary as Skyfall.After a mission goes wrong in Istanbul, MI6 loses a hard drive containing a list of all NATO agents within terrorist cells, and James Bond (Daniel Craig) is presumed Killed in Action. M's (Judi Dench) competence is questioned and the Chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee, Gareth Mallory (Ralph Fiennes) plans to replace her. Making matters worse, a cyber-terrorist targets MI6 and M personally, getting a hold of the list and causing an explosion within MI6's headquarters. An older, more damaged Bond then returns to duty to serve Queen and Country, having to prove he is in shape before going on the search to find the terrorist.Skyfall is a long-awaited film thanks to MGM's financial woes, but it delivers. Skyfall takes a darker approach as we've seen with the past couple films and it's very character driven, yet Sam Mendes and the screenwriters still provide a massive injection of fun. Like most Bond films, Skyfall starts with an incredible chase sequence in Istanbul and continues strongly from then on, including a very stylish silhouette fight in Shanghai. The action scenes sequences were pristinely shot and practical effects were at the forefront.A challenge for the Bond series has always been real-world relevance. The series has faced down all challenges, from the end of the Cold War to the War on Terror. Skyfall tackles the changing nature of espionage. MI6 is no longer the shadowy organisation that the British government denied existed; it has to face the realities of the 24-hour media age we live in and the democratic accountability that incurs.The nature of the threats have changed, Bond faces a cyber-terrorist and along with the new Q, both could cause more damage than Bond can. In the real world, we have seen what Anonymous is capable of and seen how the Stuxnet worm affected the Iranian nuclear program. But there is always a need for people in the field to investigate. As M says, she is scared of this new world because many of the West's enemies are now faceless and nationless, and this element can work in the series' favour. Versatility has always been a Bond hallmark, which is why it is so enduring.Skyfall also goes full circle for Bond, as the filmmakers reintroduce popular characters, gadgets and humour. In Casino Royale, Bond is a young man who is bold, arrogant and reckless but can get the job done; in Skyfall, Craig is playing an older Bond who is both physically and emotionally vulnerable.The idea of an older Bond was briefly touched on in the unofficial film Never Say Never Again, but that was more to accommodate a 52-year-old Sean Connery being in the role. In Skyfall there is actual thematic reasons behind it. Craig gives another excellent performance, cementing his reputation as both a great actor and a great Bond, and the script treats him more as a character than an archetype. Along with M's character arch, the film tackles a theme of facing the past so it can be cleansed.The casting of Javier Bardem was a coup for the series and we as Bond fans are rewarded with a great villain. Bardem makes out Raoul Silva to be a man with seemingly camp mannerisms, but the master planner has a very sinister delivery. He has a complex, tragic background but he is not like other Bond villains looking for control, world domination, money or even self-preservation: he simply wants revenge.Skyfall is a great milestone to celebrate Bond's 50th birthday on film, and the Easter eggs for fans aren't overbearing, but rather nice touches. The last anniversary Bond film, Die Another Day, was a disaster and regarded as one of the worst Bond films. It felt like it had to keep referencing the previous films. Skyfall features a few major references to previous Bond films: Bond getting injured (The World is Not Enough), Bond faking his death (You Only Live Twice), the gun that can only work with Bond's palm print (Licence to Kill) and a similar villain to the one in Goldeneye. But these are references you would want to find, not being forced upon you.Skyfall felt very much like end of one chapter and the start of a new one. Mendes and the writers were able to reintroduce many tropes of the Bond series and still give them a modern and believable twist. For a film that has a 143-minute running time (the second longest Bond film), Skyfall never felt like it dragged and it was an exciting, entertaining film.Please visit www.entertainmentfuse.comSkyfall is a special James Bond Movie. Suddenly there was a 964 Astin Martin and Bond said "we're going back in time" to M, thats very neat. The story line has a car chase near the beginning, Bonds obituary shown in the trailer so no spoiler intended. There is Bonds road to recovery and testing. Bond thinks he passed by the skin of his teeth. The Villain brags that bond failed all of the tests, range, psychological, medical other. The bottom line is that the head of British Intelligence saw Bond as fit for the field. The screenplay is very good. One of my James Bond short stories was called Golden train with a fight on the top of a train tunnel and a sniper aiming at the train written in 2010. Commander James Bond celebrate 50 years of the Bond movie franchise with style the most successful movie franchise ever.It's James Bond's 50th anniversary, and the 23rd Bond film, Skyfall, proves that there's still some bullets left in his Walter PPK. The plot of Skyfall is simplistic, a hard drive containing the identities of every secret agent embedded in terrorist organizations around the world is stolen, but it's how director Sam Mendes turns the film more so into a chess match than a whodunit, that marks this entry. The flamboyant villain, Silva, is an aggressive mastermind, manipulating the actions of MI6 through cyberterrorism, forcing M, MI6, and Bond to play defense the entire film, trying to keep out of checkmate, and in the end Bond and M retreat to Bond's boyhood home, Skyfall, to try to get Silva to drop his defenses.The thing about Skyfall, is that it is different than any other Bond film before it. It's a somber experience, almost melancholy. It's not cranked up to 11, it's not a simple bad guy wanting to take over the world story, in so many ways it's a character piece. The biggest action sequence is the Istanbul opening where 007 chases a bad guy across cars, motorcycles, and trains, and the rest of the film gets gradually smaller and smaller in scale, until all that is left are Bond, M, and Silva. It's the way their pasts come back to haunt them that is the spine of Skyfall. Bond still clings to the death of his parents, M is questioning her past decisions to sacrifice agents when the ends justified the means, and Silva is bitter over M having sacrificed him on a mission long ago, like she does with Bond in the opening. Unlike any other Bond film, it's about the relationships that these characters have with one another that shapes the narrative and the action. Bond's trust in M is tested, leading him down a certain path of action, but then it's reinforced, and then he stops at nothing to protect her from Silva. That is the true brilliance of Skyfall, it doesn't shy away from showing the humanity of these characters, or how their actions have repercussions, but rather it shows how they use those repercussions to carry on and finish the mission.Daniel Craig proves he is once more a more than capable 007, utilizing a dry sense of humor to deliver lines that Roger Moore would have hammed up. Like he did in Casino Royale, Craig finds a way to make Bond relatable and human to the audience. In the film, James Bond is portrayed as slightly older, having lost his edge, and not necessarily hip with the times where espionage is mostly done by computers and not field work. As a matter of fact, Bond is injured throughout most of the film, not at his physical peak, due to gunshot wounds sustained in the opening. Therefore, he's not really a superhero, but rather a human being who is constantly outmatched throughout the entire film, but as he proves by the end, it's not age or old school methods that define the job, but his commitment to see it through. As well, Judi Dench delivers her best turn since Goldeneye, Bond girl Naomie Harris really adds some much needed levity at times to keep things from getting too dark, and Ben Whishaw fills Desmond Llewelyn's shoes as Q. The true standout performance though is Javier Bardem as Silva. He's not just creepy or flamboyant, though he is a man whose sexuality is in question, but it's the way that he fully commits to the role that makes every line and action that he performs creepy and flamboyant. His performance has been likened to Heath Ledger's Joker, but I really think Silva is his own messed up breed that Bardem plays so brilliantly, perhaps besting his performance as Anton Chigurgh in No Country For Old Men. Not to mention, the fact that the script really builds up his character, where everyone talks about him in fear, with him manipulating in the shadows for the first half of the film, so that when we finally meet him, we're terrified of him.All in all, Skyfall is a marvel. Featuring superb action scenes, a traditional Bond theme song supplied by Adele, one of the better scripts ever written for a Bond film where every character has an arc and a purpose in the story, and some of the most stunning cinematography ever shot for an action flick, Skyfall is a home run. Not only that though, it's a great, personal film that is smart, tense, exciting, and surprisingly emotional. It uses the 50 year history of these characters to stir the emotions in the viewer, and in so many ways, if this isn't your first Bond film, you will be even more rewarded for it. But quite simply, the Bond family has outdone themselves here. Skyfall is a true blue James Bond adventure that surpasses nearly every other film in the storied franchise.I give Skyfall a 10 out of 10!Let me say that I am am James Bond fan. I have seen all of the movies and multiple times. They have been a part of my youth from seeing For Your Eyes Only in a theater as a little boy and almost every other movie since then the same way. They hold an important place in my familial history as it's a common love of a good number of my clan who may not agree on much but sure love 007.Skyfall is the single most entertaining Bond movie I have seen in theaters ever. I can say this because as I am 34 I wasn't alive to see the Connery movies and of course they are considered (rightfully in my opinion) to be the gold standard.The ongoing problem I had with the franchise as a whole was that from my perspective the movies had become dull and boring. They were becoming parodies and Pierce Brosnan has just so smooth and snarky he just didn't fit the bill for what I wanted to see anymore, the issue was that I didn't know what it was I wanted until I saw Casino Royale.What I got in CR was Daniel Craig as a (dare I say it?!) rebooted Bond. He was newly minted in his double "0" status and learning his way through things. But Craig brought a brutality and a menace to Bond, something I'd always wanted because after all he is a KILLER first. I remember hearing the groans when he was hired and how the internet blew-up with scorn and fear and I kept hearing about Layer Cake and how that one movie had gotten him the gig. So, I jumped up and rented the movie and was simply riveted by the performance he gave; cold, calculated and straight-up cool. After that I knew that I was interested to see what they did and boy I was happy with the outcome.Skyfall sees Bond as a well footed and established agent, he isn't learning the ropes now, he's maybe now a bit long in the tooth for a field agent and coming to grips with what he and others wonder if he can do it much longer. It is this sense of humanity that I love so much about the movie. Bond is shot in the first 10-15 minutes and thought dead. He comes back to MI6 when Silva (Bardem) attacks and threatens the lives of M (Dench) and deep cover agents true identities around the world (typical Bond plot so far right?). The kicker here is that Bond is weakened and unfit for active duty but it is his resolve and intensity that is called for to save the day.To say that Craig is my favorite modern Bond is pretty obvious, he is amazing in a modern age in a franchise that has embraced a more realistic approach (no invisible cars here). It is Javier Bardem's Silva who is the truly remarkable performance here and needs to be seen to be appreciated. My thoughts on the matter are this: Silva is Bond's Joker in that he is the perfect mirror image of him. A former agent himself and just as cold blooded he is a true menace and a match both physically and mentally for Bond. Not sense Ledger's performance in The Dark Knight have I been this entertained by a villain. It should be noted that this is the first post-Dark Knight Bond movie and I think it shows in the writing and in the execution. We like seeing our hero's struggle with their own mortality and the days of capturing spacecraft with another spacecraft to try to start WWIII are over. This is a Bond movie that knows the history of the franchise and respects it but is throughly modern in it's approach.Some will say the movie lacks action, and while I don't feel it misses it I can see why they say it does. This isn't a ton of car chases or gadgets and crazy evil plan movie that people have become accustomed to and for that I think it's the reason so many are turned-off to it. It's more human and for the first time in any of the Bond movies makes James and M actual people. There is history here and there is a soul and that is the most compelling part of the movie.In summation this is the first Bond movie that isn't a traditional Bond movie. This could have been a stand alone film and stood up just as well without the connotation or expectation of what a Bond movie is. Sam Mendes should be commended for strong direction and for making this better than a Bond movie 10/10.Right, let's dispense with the rubbish I've had to endure over the last few months: "James Bond wasn't funny in the last 2 films". Oh, yes he was, you just weren't paying attention."Sam Mendes only ever does dramas, he'll be crap at action". Wrong again and Road to Perdition hinted on what he can bring to the table. Plus, if you had reservations about Sam, then you're an idiot! "Is this Daniel Craig's last outing as Bond?" No. He's contracted to do two more. In fact, why do people think this is the last Bond??? After the hype and mild disappointment that was The Dark Knight Rises, Chris Nolan will have to contemplate that he's missed out on the Big One here. Yup, Sam Mendes, Oscar winner supremo for American Beauty was by far-and-away, the only man for the director's chair (with a solid recommendation by Craig himself). What I love about Uncle Sam is that he's not afraid to be bold (we see more blood in this film, despite the 12a rating, but it's subtly done) and he's definitely found some niches with DC's reluctant hero (which Martin Campbell kick-started with Casino Royale). A pivotal ingredient of a Mendes film is the cinematography and with Skyfall, my jaw was dropping at Shanghai (a nod to You Only Live Twice). In fact, my jaw dropped a lot (and that wasn't even Bérénice Marlohe!) And despite the absence of David Arnold, composer Thomas Newman, doesn't disappoint. It's the 50-year-old debate: Who Is The Best Bond? Daniel Craig: 3 films in & by the time you see Skyfall, there is no doubt in my mind that DC's Bond is the most fleshed-out and three dimensional. His cavalier attitude, his down-and-dirty assassin on the mission, and a very affectionate lover of the ladies, are some of the reasons he scores all the ticks. Sean Connery just wisecracked and shagged birds, but had that physical prowess which DC has equalled, if not bettered; George Lazenby was more of a pantomime; Roger Moore started out well with his debut, but romanticised 007 to the point where he wore flares and befriended steel-toothed villains who were baying for his blood; Timothy Dalton brought back the hard edge Bond was missing and very underrated (kudos to Jason Segel who acknowledged him in I Love You, Man); Pierce Brosnan carried on that darkness with GoldenEye, which was sadly lacking in future outings, along with a suspension of disbelief audiences couldn't buy any longer. DC is Bond, he now owns the role. He's comedy timing is impeccable, his reactions to the littlest things will have you laughing and he knows how to wear tight fitting clothing (thanks to TOM FORD). More importantly, DC can act which is what this role demands...and if like me, you've all watched the Bond films (as DC & Mendes did), Skyfall has done a tremendous job in avoiding past mistakes. The screenplay acknowledges why James Bond is the World's Most Successful Movie Franchise. From the opening credits that references past entries, to Adele's amazing vocals (someone shoot Madonna & Lulu for me; oh and Jack & Alicia too), Skyfall is peppered with nods that may anger or erupt knowing laughter from its devoted fan base. For the record, I laughed, quite a lot.Javier Bardem as Raoul Silva, is probably the best entrance you'll ever see for a Bond Baddie. He is also by far, my favourite villain of the series and will be a hard act to beat. I really cannot say any more about Bardem, as he is one of many high points that Skyfall has to offer. A stroke of genius from Mendes to give him blonde hair (not only did he remind me of Scaramanga) but the hair does reveal a back story. Javier is proof that grade-A actors do get the best villainous roles, if they're written properly (remember what the Cohen brothers did for him a few years ago?) As I write this, I'm still grinning at Javier's comments...hahahaha! A great actor, just love him and so much going on in that masculine skull of his.Nothing will touch Bond. Sure, you'll have the wannabe franchises out there (did someone say douchebag, toothless vampires? Not me) who will claim to be the movie event of the year (more like non-event) and the likes of Marvel Comics may one day, catch up. Stan Lee has to look at the accidental success of 007 in relation to his own creations. Sure, I love Spidey, Captain America and Daredevil, but I'm not a sweaty arm- pitted virgin with a fondness for pies and acne; I'd much rather be the man who's dressed to kill, with a Licence To Thrill and smells of the most decadent cologne that my wages will allow. No shame in admitting my inverted snobbery and can thank Ian Fleming for that. If he were alive today, I'm sure he'd approve of Skyfall (considering it's an original screenplay that relies on his healthy diet of sex, guns, snazzy wardrobes and fast cars). Happy 50th birthday, James Bond (you don't look a day over 40!)Bond will return in October 2014 (I've already booked my tickets!)Both by the film's magnificence and the multitude of negative reviews for this Movie! And I'm not just saying this because I thought this was a masterful film, which it was, but because the reasoning behind these arguments is just ridiculous. From misconstruing what's actually happening in the movie to not being able to accept a change in Bond. First off, Bond wasn't made to stay the same forever, change is a real thing people, ACCEPT IT. Secondly, this is a story that's different than previous films. Skyfall is much deeper as it hits Bond's childhood and exposes his dark past. Sorry if this is too hard to comprehend so far.The plot holes that exist are minor and are really only noticeable if one is really trying to bash a film without real reason. The key to a successful film is if it depicts a moving story and enthralls its viewers, and if one does nothing but to criticize a movie without an attempt at appreciation at any level is, again, appalling.Away from the blind opposition, Skyfall is made great through its exceptionally well-acted cast on all sides, especially Dench's and Bardem's performances (I mean what do you expect). The cinematography is done exceptionally, because if Roger Deakins has anything to do with anything, it's gonna look beautiful, shown here at the Casino in Shanghail and especially in the building surrounded by neon lights. Thomas Newman is another veteran who does the score the justice that such an iconic theme deserves. The production design, especially between the Shanghai and Scotland scenes, adds to the momentous effects the film is able to create. The plot is more than intriguing, as it continues to develop and captivate the attention of its viewers more. Mendes has been an impressive director since '99 with American Beauty and Skyfall showcases his mastery is still applicable now.Do not let the negative reviews on here push you away, Skyfall is no waste of time and will create an experience that you surely will not forget soon.So, we have a James Bond film that stars Judy Dench, Javier Bardem, and Ralph Fiennes, along with a song by Adele. This movie should be a success.And, good enough, it is.The movie stars Daniel Craig as James Bond, but, to tell the truth, it doesn't seem to be ABOUT Bond. Yes, of course, he's the reason why we want to see the film, but the plot of the movie hardly revolves around him. Rather, Dench, who plays the Mother character, has a sort of Norman Bates-like fellow trying to kill her, and has herself and Bond in a vengeance plot that affects quite a lot of innocents.Speaking of the Norman Bates-like character. I love Bardem as an actor, especially the chilling role of Anton Chigurh in "No Country for Old Men". Here, the creepiness levels are through the roof; having an unhealthy obsession with Mother and cyanide eating at his brain, he's quite a twisted, but interesting villain.The references to older Bond films are genius. Everybody in the theater actually clapped when Bond's old car came out, and everybody laughed when Bond gave a cutting line about the Union Jack bulldog. And of course, Eve Moneypenny was another great throwback to the old days as well.Let me talk about Bond. Whereas before we had a cheesy, perfect, and charming 007, this time we have a complex Bond who is armed with only a gun (of course, a Walther PPK) and radio. It makes this Bond seem more human (or as human as a top secret agent can be) and he does have a sort of charm and humor about him one typically associates with Sean Connery.The plot itself is rather clever. While there are a few throwaway moments, like that woman working for Bardem and the new Quartermaster, they are usually enjoyable in their own right. The main plot is strong, seeing some of the inner workings of MI6 and it's connections with the British government.So, combine this with classic and new Bond themes, a brilliant changing of the guard in MI6, and some big name actors, and we have one of the best Bond films to date, up there with Goldeneye and Goldfinger. It truly balances out the bad films this year, and reenergizes a classic fictional hero.And frankly, I believe it deserves more than the 8.1 IMDb ranking it has at the time this review is being written.I had very high expectations going into Isle of Dogs, being a great admirer of Wes Anderson's work, and especially off the fumes of his previous film, The Grand Budapest Hotel (2014). If you look at Wes' filmography, you will notice that each of his films progressively become more focused, detailed, and "Wes Anderson-ey". It feels as if his films have been building to a culmination of sorts, which can be represented with Isle of Dogs.The story revolves around a young boy, Atari, who is seeking his lost dog with help from a pack of dogs on Trash Island, right outside of Megasaki City (word-play on Nagasaki), a fictional future city of Japan that is exiling dogs due to a "canine flu" outbreak.From a filmmaking viewpoint, Isle of Dogs has it all in spades, and more. The characters are well rounded and relatable, even though the majority of them are dogs. The presentation of the story is very fresh and unique, and the humor is always smoothly intertwined with the narrative and visuals. With a runtime of an hour and 40 minutes, it flies by, always keeping your attention and further engaging you. The stop-motion animation is very well done, and the way it is contrasted with beautiful Japanese imagery is stunning. The soundtrack is also excellent, and aids in telling the story. There are many nods towards Japanese cinema, chiefly Akira Kurosawa's films, which you can tell that Wes has a passion for. The voice cast is star-studded and wonderful as always. There are plenty of twists and surprises, and the film leaves the viewers with some important messages/themes to ponder over. It is best to go into the movie knowing as little about the story as possible, and let it take you on its journey.This film will greatly reward repeat viewings. The attention to detail in every frame is incredible, and there is always so much on the screen to absorb and process, in the best way possible. I believe that Wes Anderson has the most distinct and easily discernible style of any filmmaker to ever live, and this quality alone is something to be praised very highly.If you love dogs, Japanese cinema/culture, stop-motion, and animation in general, then you will love this film all the more so. Isle of Dogs, shows Wes at his full unfiltered creative power, stretching his capabilities, and giving us something truly remarkable.Ineffable Films: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls052767730/I knew I would be in a for a treat (no pun intended) when Wes Anderson would make another Stop-Motion animated film the first being Fantastic Mr. Fox which I really liked and is one of my favourite Stop-Motion films of all time, that's the only film I have seen from him but now I should more of his films since Fantastic Mr Fox really impressed me.I was really pumped for this movie since it's by Wes Anderson, it has a huge cast and it's about Japan and Samauri Dogs fighting, now that sounds amazing, I hope Wes knows what he is doing with this and thanks to my local cinema getting a early screening on Sunday the 25th, I was delighted to see film early before coming out on the 30th, so I did see it and......... I LOVED IT!, this is even better then Fantastic Mr. Fox, this could arguably be one of the best films of this year, so what's it about?.In the city of Megasaki, Mayor Kobayashi banishes all flu infected dogs to a island called "Trash Island" where all dogs live in a grey, unpleasant, rotten and dangerous island where junk food is thrown away and other props that have now turn into junk, however a 12-Year-Old boy named Atari Kobayashi travels to the island to look for his loyal bodyguard dog named Spots (voiced by Liev Schreiber) with the help of five other dogs, Chief (Bryon Cranston), Rex (Edward Norton), Boss (Bill Murray), Duke (Jeff Goldblum) and King (Bob Balaban).So from what I just said, you'll know what will happen, in just the most basic way possible and it will be just as generic as any other animated film, but not this one, Wes Anderson put in so much elements in to one and for some strange reason it.... actually works, comedy, drama, suspense, adventure, fantasy and sci-if, all of these elements in this movie work off each other with every unique turn, it all stays on point with It elements and doesn't feel out of place, it creates atmosphere and different moods, the film also have genuine emotion that anyone who has dogs can relate to and can pull off really funny moments at the same time can be quite mature, the film also have moments that I didn't see coming and quite graphic and a bit sweary for a PG which shows Wes is taking risks, seeing the film as more of a adult film then a harmless family movie, I never thought I would say this but this is not only a original idea with it's fantastic direction, writing and a powerful moral about Dogs should be treated equally and old things shouldn't be replaced with new things to change the future, in all honesty this much effort feels so.... groundbreaking.The animation is fantastic, I know it's expected for a stop-motion film like this but you can't help but be impressed by it, comparing it to Fantastic Mr. Fox, this animation has ideas, for example the different styles used when a character is seen on CCTV cameras or when characters are seen in a far distance is used in different art styles and it works unbelievably well, the characters have a down to earth and real look to it, the dogs are all each identified by their types, you can tell who's who from Chief to Nutmeg to Jupiter, their fur moves normally like wind is blowing through it, which is such a unique small detail that is just creates realism and believability, the humans look fantastic, looking almost realistic with very expressive faces, they all have a unique look that stands out as well, the backgrounds are so well-crafted like the city is a place full of colour and makes you feel welcomed while Trash Island has a grey, dirty, nasty, unpleasant and sad look to it that again creates a mood of misery and fear, the animation truly knows how to make stop-motion animation look impressive, extraordinary and beautiful fall at the same time.The characters are all unforgettable and so likeable that people will have at least one favourite, They all play a part in the plot that gets it going and they all have a moment to shine to show who they are and what their goals are, my favourite characters are Chief, Spots, Atari, Rex, Tracy, Nutmeg and Jupiter, they all have personality and some memorable about them, same with the villains, they create fear and conflict with our heroes and they can be quite intimidating, the voice acting is top-notch, with big names like Bryan Cranston, Edward Norton, Scarlet Johansson, Bill Murray and Jeff Goldblum and the rest of cast as well, everyone put in great voice performances, Bryan Cranston, Scarlet Johansson, Liev Schreiber and Greta Gerwig all stand out for me and just put so much emotion and effort into their performances, I'm happy that the major character have development and all the rest have a purpose with wonderful voice acting.And on a side note, the score by Alexandre Desplat is one of the best movie scores I have ever heard, seriously, check it out, it's so fascinating, but after the movie of course.So yeah as you can tell I love this movie so much, need I say more?, an originally plot, groundbreaking and brilliant animation, characters that have development while others all have screen time with a moment to shine with wonderful voice-acting and an amazing score, people if you love Fantastic Mr. Fox and/or Wes Anderson, you'll love this, take the kids to see this one if they can handle blood and swears, it's a mature and adult film that everyone must watch, please see it while it's still in cinemas because we need more stop-motion films to prove that they can still make money and bring us something timeless, but Wes Anderson, you did me proud, cannot wait to see the next stop-motion you make next.I'm at delighted to give Isle of Dogs a solid 10/10.A timely political story. A very bad guy is in charge. He needs a scapegoat. Dogs are it. The dogs are all sent away to a kind of concentration camp. The dogs are just regular people-like dogs. They do need outside assistance. A good guy helps the dogs organize and overcome their oppressors and their human-like failings. 
 It is beautifully told with characters and landscapes drawn from Japanese historical art style. The cast and the vivid landscapes are fabulous to see. And it is all believable.A Family Friendly Tale of Friendship.For Wes Anderson's ninth film, the auteur director took what he learned while making "The Fantastic Mr. Fox" and and expanded upon it to make his magnum opus. Mixing the mediums of Stop Motion, Puppetry, Miniatures, Still Image, Traditional Animation, and Tableau for this stunning homage to the Japanese 'Iki' Aesthetic. Taking place "Twenty Years in the Future" from whenever you're watching, in the fictional Megasaki City on the Japanese coast, "Isle of Dogs" on its face is the story of a boy, Atari Kobayashi (Koyu Rankin) looking for his dog / bodyguard, Spots (voiced by Liev Schreiber) after Mayor Kobayashi (Kunichi Nomura), Atari's uncle and guardian, passes a law that banishes all canines to the offshore "Trash Island" after an epidemic of "Snout Fever" has infected nearly all the dogs in the city, though the Mayor may have a more nefarious plot... While not the simplistic "Cats Evil, Dogs Good" of some other family friendly film fare, the pooches portrayed feel betrayed by their mislead masters. After six months, Atari steals a small plane and crashes on Trash Island to seek out his four legged companion, and is recused from the wreck by our hero pack, Rex; the leader of the pack (Edward Norton), Boss; the former mascot of a Little League team (Bill Murray), King; the face of a popular dog food (Bob Balaban), Duke; a gossip (Jeff Goldblum), and Chief; a stray (Bryan Cranston). Atari and the Pack also must fight off henchmen who work for the Mayor, in their search for Spots. Meanwhile on the Mainland, we learn of the evil plot set out by the Mayor, to replace all the dogs with robots, made by his company, and he is also responsible for spreading the puppy plague, and it is up to a small group of science minded students to defend the honor of man's best friend. While there is an All Star voice cast, including Ladybird scribe and director, Greta Gerwig as American Foreign Exchange Student, Tracy Walker, and Oscar Winner, Frances McDormand as an international wire service interpreter, the rest of the cast are Japanese, speaking in Japanese with no subtitles, their characters intentions and body language are enough to convey what they are saying despite a language barrier. The only subtitles are on Japanese text, and the film cleverly states at the beginning, all Barking is translated to English, as a way to respond to cultural appropriation critiques. "Isle of Dogs" is not a pastiche of an American Filmmaker wanting to make a movie set in Japan with American actors. This is as close to perfect as hybrid storytelling can get. A very Japanese film, told in Wes Anderson's personal way of whimsy. The Dogs love their masters and don't understand why they've been sent here, but when a "master" comes to Trash Island, they do what Good Dogs do, and protect their human. The way the corruption gets handled is also very Japanese as well, it is firstly in the name of business, and what is best for their bottom dollar, and the bad guys go about their plans legally, until the legality becomes their downfall, and rather than fight and lie, the bad guys accept their fate, as they acted dishonorably. Composer, Alexandre Desplat, brought his A-Game to Isle of Dogs as much as he did for Shape of Water and Anderson's last live action feature, The Grand Budapest Hotel (both films which Desplat won Oscars for), his haunting melodies will have you whistling Atari's little 3 note ditty on your way to your car after. Cinematographer Tristan Oliver, of Wallace and Grommet pedigree and Anderson's lenser for Fantastic Mr Fox outdoes himself, with how visually interesting with every frame of Isle of Dogs, partially due to Production Designers Paul Harrod and Adam Stockhausen, who won an Oscar for Grand Budapest Hotel as well. Harrod, an expert on the Japanese Aesthetic and Stockhausen, an expert at Wes Anderson's Aesthetic flawlessly fused the two styles. 10/10The Japanese had company. Hayao Miyazaki was not the only iconoclast of cel. Martin Rosen, a relatively unsung British filmmaker, just like the Ghibli founder, rehabilitated the perception of animated films as being solely a child's preoccupation, following up "Watership Down", adapted from the Richard Adams young adult novel with "The Plague Dogs", whose lab animal storyline provided Wes Anderson with a template for "Isle of Dogs". Actually, Anderson utilizes both films: From "Watership Down", the one about rabbits, he replicates its storytelling device, the prologue, in which a narrator tells the story of The Great Frith, a JC figure who is at the center of the hare's religion. El-ahrirah is Adam. It's their creation myth. The animation style(best described as moving children book illustrations) differs from the impressionistic watercolor look that follows. The rabbit creation myth gives the burrowing mammals an interior life. In "Isle of Dogs", the prologue is named as such, titled "The Boy and the Headless Ancestor", it recounts a history of cats and dogs, a history that has more in common with folklore than scripture, told through Japanese woodblock paintings. The ancient art form, indigenous to Japan, gives way to stop motion animation, indigenous to 19th century America. Although there is no transfigured creation myth in "Isle of Dogs", the filmmaker reinvents the human form of the carpenter into a warrior who challenged the hegemony that cats held over dogs by slaying Mayor Kenji's forefather, founder of the cat worship-based religion. The renegade Kobayashi defector was immortalized as The Boy Samurai of Legend. Cats and dogs don't need to look toward the stars. They have masters. It's people who need a higher love. And in this alternate universe, instead of a text, a consecrated book that connects mankind to the spiritual world, the dog is the text, or cat, depending on what the pet advocate believes. Such are the properties of the canonical in this domesticated animal-centric world that Anderson lays out. Petting a dog brings you closer to God. Petting a cat brings you closer to God, too.The lay of the land, home of the brave, Anderson replicates then displaces, our current political climate, moving the partisan fighting to an island nation. Two factions exists, pro-dog and anti-dog, and both sides, not just the latter, take on the personification of a social activist group, more so than a religion. The two sides, brainwashed by state propaganda, don't seem to understand that their mutual enemy is Mayor Kenji, the current dictator of the cat-loving Kobayashi dynasty. Before the wood blocks, there is a diorama, and the objects within this diorama convey more than a passing resemblance to eastern faith. The formally dressed man, a high priest of sorts, moves ritual-like precision inside the tableau adorned with cats; he hits a gong, lights candles, bows, and claps his hands together twice in reverence of the sacred feline. The cat worship is government-sanctioned, the dominant religion whose leaders of an apocryphal Japan devised a campaign against dogs by expropriating the chemical industry to cleanse the country of man's best friend. At a town hall meeting, Professor Watanabe, the Science Party candidate, introduces a cure in the works for snout fever, a dog serum that would stave off the planned deportation of dogs from Megasaki City to an adjunct island. But the people reject science; the people turn into an angry mob; the anti-dog demonstrators, once former dog lovers are now cat lovers, a conversion to the fictionalized native eastern religion propagated by propaganda. They throw things at Watanabe, setting his female assistant into action. Yoko Ono stares down the anti-Science crowd as she moves the professor away from the lectern. Yes, that Yoko Ono.In his lifetime, John Lennon wanted Ono to get credit for co-writing "Imagine", a song that takes gentle aim at belief systems as the intervening hitch whenever peace talks are attempted and inevitably fail. In 2017, Lennon, posthumously, finally got his wish when the National Music Publishers Association(NMPA) added Ono's name alongside her late husband as the co-author of "Imagine". The temptation is there to posit Watanabe as a stand-in for Lennon, since in "God", a track off the ex-Beatles first solo album "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band", he renounces his past association with the Maharishi. The professor dies, but there is ambiguity in the cause of his death. Under house arrest, Watanabe eats a boxed lunch comprised of sushi, then stops to inspect the final piece, suspecting poison. He tastes the laced wasabi, but the filmmaker cuts away before we learn if that tentative lick was enough to kill him. Did the professor ingest the whole of the wasabi? Does he want his assistant to get full credit for the dog serum? The cure for snout fever is finished after his passing. At the sake bar, Tracy Walker, a student activist, confronts Ono about the dog serum. The bartender slides down a bottle of blue liquid. Look at how close Ono moves her face up to the glass. Like in real life, she remained silent about the truth.It's hers.I believe Isle of Dogs was somewhat overlooked - it's initial aesthetic may appear somewhat off putting for an animated movie, especially if you intend it for children but it's fantastic. I've never watched a Wes Anderson movie but the premise alone of this movie was intriguing enough.Firstly, as a Western produced film - I believe it's very respectful and faithful to Japanese culture and film making - majority of the human characters talk in their native language and this is something overlooked when setting a film in Japan. The score feels dynamic, traditional and exciting - really adding to the emotions and pacing of the film.The story presented here is fantastic - simple enough for children to understand on a surface level but deep enough for adults, especially with the politics involved. It's emotional, relatable and lots of fun, even with its dark humour outlook of dispair and desperation.The attention to detail in this movie is astonishing - every shot is composed with purpose, every model is unique and the fluidity of scenes join together with a brisk pace that ties everything together nicely! The film changes animation style consistently in such a manner that it adds another layer to the film making.The voice acting was completely nailed by every actor/actress and it really added to the charm of the movie.Even as a certified Cat Daddy, I personally loved this movie, give it a watch.Beautiful, thoughtful, magical Film, full of character.What could I say it's a amazing underrated animated film from the amazing legendary director Wes Anderson It's just wonderful and beautiful stop motion animation and it's a underrated stop motion gem from the legendary was AndersonIf you've ever watched a Wes Anderson film before, you'll sort of know what to expect with each new film he delivers; a quirky story, a bunch of oddball characters, an impressively talented ensemble cast and an immaculately shot feature presentation. Isle of Dogs is his latest offering and it sees the director return to the world of stop-motion animation.When a dog flu virus spreads through the canine population of Megasaki City in Japan, the mayor signs a decree banishing all dogs to Trash Island. When 12 year old Atari Kobayashi (Koyu Rankin) crash-lands on the island searching for his dog Spots (Live Schreiber), the first dog to be sent to Trash Island, he comes across a band of dogs; Rex (Edward Norton), King (Bob Balaban), Duke (Jeff Goldblum), Boss (Bill Murray) and Chief (Bryan Cranston), and they set about a journey to find the boy's dog.Isle of Dogs is one hell of a breathtaking film to watch, with the fine detail in the stop-motion animation and the meticulous framing of every single shot making it feel as if you're staring at a piece of fine art hanging on the wall rather than a film. When a film like this comes along, you can't help but sit back and just admire it.The story is such a heartwarming one, Atari's determination and loyalty towards finding Spots together with the story behind Chief's coldness towards humans making for a film very hard not to take a liking to, the richness to both the narrative and characters will make you just fall in love with some of the dogs on show. The film is topped off with some of Anderson's signature dry humour that had the audience in raptures at times.Coming to the performances, Isle of Dogs features a fountain of talent lending their voices to proceedings. Vocal performances can often be forgotten in the midst of all of the year's performances however, some of the work here deserves to be remembered for a long, long time. Bryan Cranston's work on the voice of Chief is so spot on that he'll be close to bringing the audience to tears and Edward Norton is wonderfully funny as Rex, the dog in the group questioning Chief's leadership. Isle of Dogs shows a case of not being able to teach an old dog new tricks for Wes Anderson however, when he can repeat those tricks as well as he does, it becomes a film that entirely deserves all the praise it gets for being such a sheer bundle of joy to behold.I loved the premise of the movie, the stop motion animation looks fantastic in the trailer, and i believe that this movie is going to be A+, if this animation wont win the best animation feature in the academy awards, i'll wont follow the oscars event anymoreThe most thrilling movie I've seen in a long time. Neeson is what we would fear if James Bond went to hell and came back for revenge (I doubt big budget Quantum of Solace will top this). I loved Jason Bourne; but where Bourne is confused for half the movie, Neeson is looking down a barrel of a pistol 3/4 of the time. In a three way spy battle, I would put Neeson edging out Bourne, who would be a step ahead of Bond.Between the jaw-dropping action sequences was the subject matter of international trafficking, which was pretty miserable to watch. Although killing is wrong, death was never more satisfying to watch.I'm still under the influence of this movie, so my comment is likely to be superlative! I went to this movie, knowing that one of the writers and the director were both French, and since I've seen some not-so-impressive movies (almost fell asleep), i was really skeptical.BUT this one proved to be a great action movie. The best movie to compare with Taken is Hit-man. The idea is somewhat the same (lots of action, shots, flying bullets etc) - though the motive for the actions are not money. But the level of realism, the motivation of the character, the cold blood which moves him on makes this flick a good option to choose when selecting a movie.Liam Neeson does a great performance, perfectly interpreting his role of a former spy. As he says in one of his lines, he's "retired, but not dead", having an opportunity to show everyone what he knows to do best.The movie covers a hot topic too, kidnapping young women to force them to prostitute, and all the business this involves. You get to see the kind of people are supporting these arrangements and what it takes for the victims to be there.Of course, the movie has (very small, almost invisible) drawbacks, like some lines in a wrong language (english instead of french) and some Rambo - stuff, but the overall impression is simple: a strong recommendation!Gone to see Liam Neeson, I've just seen a great movie. Much action, some American humour (you Americans don't take it too serious, and that's just as pleasant taht way !), a Liam Neeson at the top of his art and as a background a very hard subject that makes you think about it (procuring). I don't know how the critics are reacting in USA, but in France they are vilifying this movie. So, whatever your American critics are saying, just do as usual : don't listen to them ! And enjoy this ninety-minutes show. Regarding Liam Neeson... Well, I am a huge fan, thus I can't be unbiased. Yet, I found his interpretation very convincing, he is still the same : one of the best actors ever, along with... Hum, I'll stop there, don't want to be controversial. Have a good sitting ! By the way, do excuse me for any mistake I could've made, as I'm French (I imagine you could've guessed it, since we are the lucky ones who are the first to be able to see this film !).I hadn't heard much about this film but it was on TV one day and I decided to watch it. I have now seen this film about 5 times and it is one of my favourites.It is full of non-stop action, shooting, fighting, car chases, you name it, this film has it. A 90 minute thrill ride. So gripping, leaving you speechless at how good the action on screen is.Liam Neeson is brilliant, he was born to play the role of Bryan Mills and he executed his role to perfection. Maggie Grace as his daughter was also good. The plot was fairly simple and a little bit predictable but the action was just amazing. Bryan Mills went to extreme measures to get his daughter back, you just knew he would do it, no matter how long it took and no matter how many risks he had to take. It was exhilarating, I couldn't take my eyes off the screen.It was a short lived film but I think that made it better, it just hit the spot perfectly. It was breathtaking. I could watch this film any time and it would still be great. I would highly recommend it to anyone.We're also left with one of the greatest quotes from a film - Bryan Mills "I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills; skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you." to which the villain replies down the phone "Good luck." - This is so memorable and really sets the film up for a thrilling ride.Overall, one of the best films I have ever seen. 10/10.Seeing as most revenge movies take place after a tragedy has already taken place and the "hero" has trouble dealing with the aftermath, Taken deals with a protagonist who takes his revenge while fighting to prevent the tragedy from becoming irreversible. I kinda felt it was a fresh take on the brooding and lonely "hero" on a suicide mission to get revenge, as in Taken he isn't really on a suicide mission as he has to make sure his daughter is safe and make sure she gets home. The fact that it tries to be authentic with both real world problems and a more realistic approach to the action sequences makes it very rewarding to watch as you keep rooting for him to save her and take out as many bad guys as possible. It's very clear he's the good guy and the bad guys have no redeeming qualities.All in all it works really well for what it is and feels very rewarding when watching it. It does a lot of things right no matter how accurate things are portrayed as it conveys them as though they are. A fantastic action/revenge movie.One of Liam Neeson's best performances. Taken was the movie that helped me discover that Liam Neeson is one of my all time favourite actors. It was brutal and gripping, with great cast. A 90 minute thrill ride for me, intense and action-packed. If you didn't think that Liam Neeson could be an action star, you were wrong. After Schindler's List, Neeson's performance in Taken is the most memorable of all his performances. I've happy that they're making a 3rd Taken film. The first 2 were great, especially this one. Taken is one of those movies that you can watch over and over again and not get tired of the action. I was surprised that Taken was an 18 certificate in the UK when I've watched films like Kick-Ass 2 and Prisoners which are rated 15 but have much more graphic violence in.No complaints for Taken, a definite must-see movie.Taken is an action movie full of suspense and starring Liam Neeson,who plays a retired CIA agent.Liam Neeson who has impressive skills, and tries to save his kidnapped daughter from Albanian web of prostitution and drugs,his adventure starts in Paris;he has a few clues but a prodigious memory, and with help of his CIA partners and after a lot of events an troubles,he finally found and save his daughter.the Movie doesn't have a lot of special effects but the plot was very very exciting and addictive,have a good music and the locations are wonderful,amazing and fantastic. In our opinion its a very gripping film, we recommend to everyone to like,action,suspense and mystery movies.YOU WILL BE HOOKED BY THE PLOTI watch it 3 times in the past few years, and still enjoy it.Don't want to spoil anything so I will keep this simple.I can't complaint on anything, and that is something very good to say about a movie.The story is very original. The main character is like James bond, but at the same time "the guy next door". Let's say a retired James bond. But unlike James bond movies, Taken is more realistic. Is like all could happen in real life. Maybe a few exceptions, but not a deal breaker.Even with a good story, the action also by itself is enough to enjoy it. That is why I can watch it many times and still enjoy it, like I watch Die Hard.You should watch it if you like action movies like Die Hard. My sister don't even like die hard and she like Taken. Maybe because Taken is even better than die hard? More updated? Who knows. But my point is that you might like Taken even if you don't like die hard.This role is the best for Liam Neeson. I love this movie and him. Everyone must watch this!This is the first time I am writing a comment on IMDb and that's because this movie has compelled me to do so. This movie shows how a thriller should b paced. But more than anything I loved the way Liam Neeson has portrayed the role of a protective father. Being a father myself, I could feel the pain in his eyes. He completely overshadows everything and everyone in this movie. Absolutely breath-taking!! Another aspect of this movie that I loved is that it has its heart at the right place. Superb acting, pacing and very believable storyline make this a must watch. I am going for 10/10 for this movie thats just blew me away.The lights dim, the movie begins with a brief prologue, and the zany and incredibly weird opening credits begin, set to a creepy cover of Led Zeppelin's "Immigrant Song." From the beginning, we are in for a wild ride as Stieg Larsson's incredibly popular novel "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is brought to life on screen.Scorned journalist Mikael Blomkvist is called upon by Henrik Vanger, a very wealthy man, while writing a book. Vanger is in search of an answer to the disappearance of his niece, Harriet, which occurred over 40 years ago. He assumes that Harriet is dead, and that she was murdered. He looks to Mikael to investigate her disappearance and who killed her. Then Mikael gets assistance from Lisbeth Salander, a dangerous but intelligent 24 year-old punk who is an accomplished computer hacker and a great contribution to the solving of other crimes. Together, Mikael and Lisbeth go on a dark, eerie journey into a world of crime, Nazism, and corruption that will lead them to Harriet's assassin.I walked into "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" with almost no knowledge of Larsson's novel or the Swedish film made a few years before David Fincher's version. The end result is ultimately an extremely satisfying, brutal, and complex thriller thanks to great direction by Fincher (known greatly for his work on "Seven," "The Game," and "The Social Network"), excellent writing, and an impeccably chosen cast.After only a few years, the character of Lisbeth Salander has become an attention-grabbing heroine that is as iconic as Edward Cullen of the love-it-or-hate-it "Twilight" series. And we can understand why. After all the truly awful and hideous things that have plagued her life, Lisbeth doesn't take any crap from anybody. She may be angry, violent, overtly sexual, demanding, and perhaps a little crazy, but she is a genius at what she does, and has reasons for all of her actions, no matter how gruesome they may be.The mystery surrounding the film is sophisticated and white-knuckling, adding to the intensity and mood of the story and its characters. We're not sure of who is Harriet's killer, or if Harriet is even dead, until the last half hour of the film, and when we do find out the twist, it leaves a stupendous impact.After cementing his reputation in brutal crime thrillers, and surprising us with "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" and "The Social Network," David Fincher was the right man for the director's chair. Every film he makes, even a drama like "The Social Network," sets up a tone of genuine suspense, tension, and fear for the characters. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" isn't any different as Fincher adds his signature touch to the movie.Of all of the people they could have chosen to play these roles, the casting director landed in a pot of gold. Daniel Craig does a wonderful job as Mikael, showing us that he can play characters other than James Bond. With the amount of screen time she has, Robin Wright is also very good as Blomkvist's business partner Erika Berger. Christopher Plummer and Stellan Skarsgård also turn in great performances as Henrik Vanger and Martin Vanger.The person to really watch out for, however, is Rooney Mara as Lisbeth Salander. Getting her big break in the underrated remake of "A Nightmare on Elm Street" and later starring in Fincher's previous film "The Social Network" (giving a dynamite performance in the opening scene), Mara has sealed her future with many more promising and exciting roles because of her portrayal of Lisbeth. This is not an easy role to play, knowing that Mara is the second person to play the character. She must endure two shocking rape scenes and a torture sequence, and there is a hefty amount of nudity involved. Mara embodies Lisbeth, immediately bringing immense intimidation, danger, and fury every time she comes on to the screen. Her eyes are wide and emotionless, almost as if you can see right through her. And with everything that has happened to the character, we understand that Lisbeth has a right to be that way. She may be smart, but she is not interested in attraction or friendships with another human being. Overall, Mara gives a sensational, fearless, dedicated, and electrifying performance that guarantees an Oscar nod.Being released during the cheery time of the holidays, "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is not a feel-good film, by any means. It is a harsh, gritty, and rough cinema trip that answers the question of leaving the kids at home with the babysitter. Also, if you're squeamish, you will not like it. However, those who have read the book, and those who have not read it, should check it out. Even without having read Larsson's novel, I left the theater completely satisfied. It is a movie experience that you don't commonly get. Fincher has done it again. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is a must!Chilling, haunting and relentlessly thrilling, director David Fincher has created the definitive film adaptation of Larssons best seller whilst at the same time improving on the source material. A brilliant performance from Rooney Mara only elevates the film to greater heights The Review:Ill cut to the chase: this is everything fans of the books could have hoped for, its miles better than the already good Swedish film, its more faithful to the novel, in some places it actually improves on the source material.With "The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo" David Fincher has put his trademark darkness to fantastic use. Whether its sweeping shots of freezing, snow covered Sweden or wonderfully eerie interiors Fincher creates an unsettling atmosphere that is unrelenting and technically perfect. With Fincher i've learnt to expect a beautifully shot film and this is no exception, within this film are some of his greatest images. Regarding the disturbing nature of some scenes, Fincher is wise enough to show them in all their horror but doesn't stop to linger or exploit.The performances are perfect all round, Its clear Fincher and the casting production went to great lengths to pick not only great actors but those who embody the very essence of their characters. Of note in the supporting characters are Yorick van Wageningen who plays the sadistic Bjurman with unsettling believability and the always great Christopher plummer who is note-perfect as the desperate, loney grandfather Henrik .- As one part of our central duo Daniel Craig puts in his finest performance, normally cast as the tough hero Craig is more subdued here, he has Blomkvist easy charm down to a T but also captures the weak, submissive aspect of his character. - Lisbeth Salander is a character unlike anything fiction has ever seen.broken,pierced, clade in leather with short black hair and a body so slight the wind could break her, she is horribly victimised but refuses to be one. To sum it up she is one of the most interesting and difficult characters an actress could ever play. I could honestly write a whole review on the brilliance of Rooney Mara's performance, she is the very essence of Lisbethas if the character just walked off the page. Mara commands every scene with a mixture of silent burning rage and a deep rooted venerability. Her eyes are the heart of the film, her reactions are the reason myself and the others around me laughed, gasped and even cried. The character requires an actress who can internalize her emotions yet at the same time convay a wide range of feelings. Mara does this such perfect skill, every glance is charged with deep feeling as if you're looking directly into her soul. A brave performance, Mara bares all in the nude scenes and goes to frankly horribly dark places in the now informous scenes of sexual violence. Watching Rooney Mara is witnessing the birth of a star, this is the best performance of the year and if the Oscars fail to reconzie her i will lose all hope in their judgment. The score by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross is perfect, eerie and unsettling. It is as good as their Oscar winning score last year if not better, its more understated and does what every score should do....improves the scenes not overpower them.This is by and large a perfect adaptation, my main issue lay with one singe sequence. There is a shot that seems to be there solely for the purpose of showing off, it serves no real purpose within the story. The most touching scenes of the film come from the characters themselves, this is a character driven story and none are more powerful than Lisbeth and Mikeal themselves. Fincher makes their relationship the focus and it pays off, they are the heart of the books and Fincher rightfully recognises this. Proving that sometimes "american" adaptations can actually be for the better this is a film nobody should miss...its everything the novel is, plus some. More than anything i was impressed by the humour that is added through-out, this film will make you laugh, it will break your heart and it will make you want to take a shower.Anyone who knows David Finchers work knows he is one of the most creative and talented directors of this generation. He blew everyones mind with his adaption of 'Fight Club' almost 15 years ago, and again with his masterpiece of a film 'Se7en'. Speaking of Se7en, this is probably Finchers best effort since that film. All of his movies are amazing in their own respect, but this one will be one of the films that everyone will remember him for. The opening titles use Trent Reznors(amazing man from the one man band Nine Inch Nails)reinvented version of Led Zeppelins 'Immigrant Song' with Yeah Yeah Yeahs singer on vocals (I think?). This will remind many people of Se7ens creepy beginning. One more comparison to Se7en, is the forensic CSI type detective work done throughout the film. Truly a great homage to himself.Now like many have said, this is not a remake. This is an adaption of a book. I kind of dislike when people get those two mixed up. If I adapted Bram Stokers Dracula into a film, would it be a remake of the hundreds of previous Dracula movie attempts? I digress.David Finchers version sticks closer to the novel than the Swedish version did. I do however love the Swedish version and didn't think I would love an American version more, which I do. There were only two American directors I would have voted for the job, and they were David Fincher or Christopher Nolan.Now for everyone thinking this is a Hollywood adaption and that all of the rawness of the Swedish version is toned down then they couldn't be more wrong. This is at times more raunchy and sadistic than the Swedish version. It is even slightly longer since it incorporates more from the book. There are more sex scenes (for the people who didn't read the book and like that kind of thing in a movie). There is a lot of detailed smart and important dialog. Most of the film relies on the talking and conversations between the characters. Many will find this boring, but dare I compare it to Se7en again? Yeah its like that. The actors and actresses do a nice job and are all believable. Daniel Craig pulled off the role perfectly. If you think about it, he kinda looks like the actor that played in the Swedish version. Rooney Mara made art with her performance as the now infamous Lisbeth Salander. I didn't think anybody could beat the performance from Noomi Rapace from the Swedish version. Both were amazing but Rooney slightly surpassed Noomis performance. I just hope she can work with it again in the next films of the series. Rooney has already gotten Golden Globe recognition and I hope to see her name at the Oscars. I hope this movie gets recognized with the directing at the Academy too. The visual style of this movie is pure eye candy movie art. The Cinematography is also worth mentioning. Even if you haven't read the book or haven't seen the Swedish version, this film is a near masterpiece.The rape scene is there and it is as vulgar and uncomfortable as ever. It will surely have trouble staying in some theaters because of some of the nastier and darker graphic scenes. The way a lot of the grotesque makes you have to use your imagination is also used. This movie will make you think and hate people that abuse women or any type of helpless human being. Many people will walk out on the abusive scene. It is definitely one of the most graphic scenes being released in wide release in the U.S.All in all, this movie is a great adaption that stays true to the novel and doesn't use gimmicks to make money. It is raw and realistic. I ask that if you haven't read the book and have the spare time that you use it to read the book. I'm not saying to let it get in the way of your life, but it truly is an experience worth it.THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO (2011) **** Daniel Craig, Rooney Mara, Christopher Plummer, Stellen Skarsgard, Robin Wright, Joley Richardson, Steven Berkoff, Yorick van Wagenigngen, Goran Visnjic. Filmmaker extraordinaire David Fincher's highly stylized techniques meet their match with the Americanized adaptation of the international best-seller by Stieg Larsson's novel (skillfully orchestrated by vet scribe Steve Zaillian) about disgraced Swedish journalist (Craig nicely underplaying the bookish Mikael Blomkvist) who teams up with troubled yet tenacious researcher savant/cyber-punk hacker incredible Lisbeth Salander (Mara in a truly audacious Oscar worthy performance; one for the ages) after being enlisted as a detective/writer for hire by industrialist magnate Plummer to investigate the mysterious decades-old disappearance of his young relative, a girl who may have met her demise by a nefarious cabal –their family. With a knotty plot involving rape, Nazis, torture and other-things-that-go-bump-in-the-collective night, Fincher keeps a sharply clear-eyed viewpoint : the inhumanity humanity inflicts upon itself in the vicious circle of life's evils unleashed. To wit: one of the most harrowing on screen rapes and the subsequent vengeance thrust upon her attacker, Mara's Lisbeth Salander becomes an iconic character with her ingenious plans and underestimated resilient intelligence. From its relentless Trent Reznor cover of Led Zeppelin's "The Immigrant Song" with its post-BONDian title sequence the film gets its tenderhooks in you..and.never.lets.you.GO! One of the year's best films!I know when the announcement came that they were making an English version, groans began over the disregard for the Swedish originals. I can't say I blame them, how many times have I liked a series only to hear that they're completely rebooting the films. The cycle seems never-ending and it only gets worse when you see the remakes and they're just not as good, plain and simple. Thankfully with this new version, it isn't the case. I've been a fan of David Fincher's since Fight Club but more recently with The Social Network. He just has this way of capturing moments that not only look beautiful, they feel really raw and emotional. This film is the perfect example of that as it follows Lisbeth Salander through her investigation of a multi- decade mystery. Not only is the film perfectly cast, with relative newcomer Rooney Mara, it's a pretty faithful adaptation to the literary version as well, with only a few minor changes and one major alteration fans may not expect. Mara knocks it out of the park for me in this one. I know praise is deserved for original Noomi Rapace but I can't help feeling Mara really embodied Salander. Someone who wasn't a goth but a lost soul who can't connect to others. Daniel Craig plays off this perfectly as the charismatic reporter leading the aforementioned investigation. Unlike the Swedish version which stared Michael Nyqvist, I could really see Craig as the ladies man he often portrays on screen, but it's a hard contest for anyone, so no disrespect toward Nyqvist fans.In short, the movie from start to finish is the perfect combination of great directing, story telling and acting. Is it hard to watch at times? Yes, but Fincher wouldn't be doing the book justice if he didn't include the good, bad and at times, the very ugly that made up the series. The story after all is in some ways more about Lisbeth's journey then the mystery itself. The journey from the powerless to the unknowingly powerful. My advice for any viewer would be to give the movie a chance, even if you're a devoted fan of the originals. This one might just surprise you.Part owner of Millennium magazine, Mikael Blomquist (Daniel Craig) is convicted of libel, but has some time before sentencing and is hired by Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer) to find out what happened to Harriet, his niece, who disappeared 40-years ago and is believed deceased. Mikael hires Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara) to help with his investigation. I believe most movie goers have seen the Swedish version of this movie and are busy comparing notes of what was similar, different and so on. So let's get to it.For my part, I have also seen the Swedish version and it was excellent having watched via sub titles, but I must go on record as saying the US version is just as good but perhaps, more clear regarding the story line. The Swedish version had too many sub plots that had one memorizing them to see what impact they would have on the main story. None is the answer. Differences......there are some. The setting is Sweden, but the currency is not touted in Swedish Kronas, but USD; no accents were heard and they were clever enough not to show us traffic direction signs that were in Swedish. In the Swedish version I do not recall Henrik Vanger purchasing controlling interest in Millennium magazine. Where Harriet is discovered is completely different in this version. Does it matter? No. There were no lingering shots of the landscapes as were in the Swedish version. Pity, I missed them. One big difference is that in this version Mikael tracks down Lisbeth to help in his investigation whereas in the Swedish version it is Lisbeth who hacks into Mikael's computer to give him clues re the disappearance of Harriet as she knows what he was hired for by Henrik. Then Mikael feels she can help him. Does this make any difference to the story? No.Now for the question I just know you have: Who was the better Mikael? Michael Nyqvist or Daniel Craig? They were both excellent and no one outdid the other. But, let's get to the real question: Who was the better Lisbeth Salander? Noomi Rapace or Rooney Mara? Both were excellent, and could have been interchangeable, but..this story made the Rooney Lisbeth softer, more giving. But, we cared more for the Noomi Lisbeth because we wanted her to be softer, more giving and she wasn't. But we still cared more for her. See? Also, the Swedish version had more story face time with Noomi than with Rooney. Both versions had the sex scenes between Mikael and Lisbeth but the US version showed them 2-times whereas the Swedish version only once. In this version, Lisbeth orally servicing her Guardian was shown more graphically and the rape scene seemed to go on longer here than in the Swedish version. More total frontal nudity was shown in this version. Both versions are very good and quite engaging and the differences do not hinder the story, but in the US version things become clearer without the non-important sub plots that were in the Swedish version. If you didn't see the Swedish version, this version will do. But, if you want to compare notes..Now for the question that still remains: Is there another country that will do a remake of this story? England? India? (hey, India makes more movies than the US. Why should they be left out? Huh?) And, yes there are two more stories to this trilogy. Any takers on the horizon? (10/10)Violence: Yes. Sex: Yes, 2-times. Nudity: Yes, frontal too. Lesbian Kisses: Yes. Rape Scene:Yes and quite graphic too. Language: Yes. four F-bombs were counted. Rating: AI stumbled upon the "Millennium series" in 2010, while I was browsing through internet. The cover of the book looked interesting enough for me to place an order for it. By the time book had arrived I had gained some information about the author and his rather unfortunate demise. It seemed quite mystifying to me that author died shortly after handing his manuscripts to the publisher. Any ways, as I started reading it; I knew that I will like it for sure. As it happens with most readers, I too had a mental picture of how Lisbeth would look in real life.For me she was a real character, a real person, whom I dreamt of meeting one day and telling her how awesome she is. As u may have guessed, by the time I finished reading the first book I had ordered the next two instalments already.Then I heard about a movie series based on the trilogy. The problem was where I could find them. Finally I caught 20 minutes of the "The girl who played with fire" Swedish version on HBO.Was the movie good enough?Did Noomi Rapace justify the character of Lisbeth Salander. From what I could make out of 20 minutes of movie,the answer was "yes". Of course I had imagined Lisebth Salander a bit differently but she was close enough. I had also expected Mikael Blomkvist to be a bit more charming. Then came the news of English version of "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" directed by David Fincher, starring Daniel Craig as Mikael Blomkvist and Rooney Mara as Lisbeth Salander about whom I had never heard before. I was Excited and why wouldn't I be. After all Daniel fitted into my image of Mikael Perfectly but I had my doubts about Rooney. Finally the day came when movie released but to my utter disappointment its release in India was delayed. Date of its release was set as 10 Feb 2012.So I was looking forward to that day and reviews about the movie only added to my anxiousness. But fate wasn't on my side. Movie was cancelled in India due to some images in movie which" Indian censor board" found disturbing. What can I say other than, I hated them for it and I even wrote them an e-mail expressing my utter disappointment. Somehow I got my hands on its Blu-Ray version from someplace. Finally came the judgement day. To tell you honestly, how did 2 and a half hours went by, I Don't remember. It was like reading the book again but even better. Lisebth was exactly what I had imagined her to be. Everything was just "PERFECT". The acting, screenplay, direction, music,everything was top notch. I have nothing but only good things to say about the movie. It was an experience worth having. Rooney Mara played Lisbeth Salander perfectly and Daniel Craig left no stone unturned. It felt good to finally see my mental image of Lisbeth take shape flawlessly. I have rated the movie a 10/10 in IMDb, because it accomplished its purpose and much more. I felt so deeply moved after watching the movie, that I sat down and Wrote this review. I am really looking forward to next instalment in the series. Finally I would like to end my review with these lines from the movie... Dragan : "She is different"Dirch:"In what way?" Dragan:"In every way!"OK it may be sacrilege but what ever, sue me! I have never read the book(s) or watched the Swedish version of this movie. My review is from the point of view of, "I wonder what movies are playing, ooh that one looked decent in previews, lets check it out." OK now that that's out of the way.The opening of the movie is in my opinion, just plain awesome! Good music and an interesting visual sequence of dark fluid forming/reforming into/over human form. I enjoyed it and it really got me interested into the movie before it had started.The movie opens up basically telling us that the main character just lost a case as a journalist for writing bad things about some big time hot shot and it cost him his entire life savings. That's it in a nutshell, so he's pretty much down and out. He eventually gets a job opportunity from a rich old guy that wants to find his niece whom went missing like 40yrs ago.We then get introduced to Lisbeth who is straight up rough cut and looks like the type of chick you stay away from. I'm a motorcycle guy so she scored huge points with the motorcycle and her helmet was awesome!(though I don't see how she could have a perfect mo-hawk after taking off a helmet..). We find out at this point that she's a VERY good investigator type that watches people and gets information.Lisbeth to me is amazing. She shows this rough outer edge and you can tell she's always "scheming" in her head, always in control, always 2 steps ahead. Even during the most cruel scene in the movie, she still had the guy, even though it didn't seem that way at the time. you'll read other reviews where people say she was too soft, I don't know where they get that from. Lisbeth DESTROYS a guy that tries to take her purse, Lisbeth is the one that dominates our main character through the entire movie, she calls the shots, directs him and even saves him. The man who violates her, nearly urinates himself every time he saw her after that, not a strong woman?? My Butt!! I really enjoyed this movie, it was nice for once to have a different plot and a entirely different flow to a movie. I have to say the ending surprised me but the more I thought of it, the more it made sense, it's reality and that's all. I felt bad, but it definitely made me want to see a sequel.Go see this, it's an awesome movie! Unless you're like a die hard original person and you only like the Swedish version.Despite any reservations a viewer might have about a prompt English version re-make of a very successful Swedish film still popular in this country - the first novel in author Stieg Larsson's Millennium Trilogy, namely GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO - this version of Larsson's story is immensely successful. Much of that is due to the tightly woven screenplay by Steven Zaillian and the extraordinary direction by one of our most gifted directors, David Fincher (Fight Club, The Social Network, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, Seven, etc). But also the gifts of the musical composers Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross (with a bit of help from a very well placed Morten Lauridson's 'Lux Aeterna') and the bitingly vivid cinematography of Jeff Cronenweth. Add to that one of the finest collection of actors ever to collaborate on a project and the result is a film that is so engrossing that its very long length doesn't seem long enough!Everyone knows the story by now: disgraced journalist, Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig), escapes to an island in Sweden at the request of Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer) to investigate the 40 year absence of his niece Harriet. The Vanger family is as dysfunctional and bitterly cruel an ensemble as could be imagined and everyone on the island wants Mikael to leave. The case fascinates Mikael and he gains access to the services of an associate, the very bizarre and brilliant pierced, tattooed, punk computer hacker named Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara). As they work together in the investigation, Blomkvist and Salander uncover immense corruption beyond anything they have ever imagined. There are indelible characters along the way: the disgustingly sadistic Nils Bjurman (a brilliant role for Yorick van Wageningen) who mistakenly sexually abuses Lisbeth who in turn has her own manner of revenge), the wily Martin Vanger (Stellan Skarsgård), a brief but impressive Dragan Armansky (Goran Visnjic), Anita Vanger (Joely Richardson), Inspector Morelli (Donald Sumpter) etc etc etc. Every role is cast so carefully that there is never a missed beat in this huge ensemble.For those who love the Swedish version of GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO this English version will surely satisfy. They are different but for this viewer the English version is far more memorable. There is considerable frank sexual activity, torture, animal abuse, and there are some gruesome scenes: they add and must be there. Kudos to all concerned. And yes, Rooney Mara really is that fine! Grady HarpI love this haunting, beautiful movie, it is one of my all time favourites and I can't wait until it is available on DVD. Having watched the Swedish version first, I was very impressed and surprised by how good this American adaptation actually is.Daniel Craig is excellent as the journalist Mikael Blomkvist and plays the understated leading man role to perfection. Rooney Mara is compelling as the dangerous and damaged computer hacker and, strangely for an American movie, plays the role with even more perversion than her Swedish counterpart, something I didn't think was possible. The opening credit scene and score is amazing and will stay with me for a long time.John Wick (2014) is the best revenge flick from Keanu Reeves of 2014 from The Matrix (1999) to John Wick (2014) another action fast paced, Entertaining slick action packed film, which kind I have never seen before. It is a very fun, straightforward action movie with an 80's sensibility. It's nice to see Keanu doing these types of roles again. It is one of my personal favorite Keanu Reeves movies. Keanu Reeves is a bad ass what a great action packed blood packed film. Movies should really learn from this on how to make a decent action film, especially with the crap we are getting today like escape plan bullet to the head and such. This film to me is the greatest action film to come out in this century. Keanu was phenomenal the action was so fast paced and exciting my jaw literally dropped as Keanu took out all the bad guys! I personally think this film is better then all Taken films combined. It was simply brilliant, it was made for 20 million dollars and I am glad it made 40 million in the US. I think this film deserved to make 100 million!Old school action with no shaky cam. Definitely the best stunt-man-turned-director-debut I've ever seen. The story is set about John Wick (Keanu Reeves) a retired assassin, who gets dragged back into his field when the Russian Mob put a hit out on him, but instead of killing John, they steal his classic Mustang and kill his newly acquired puppy. This sets John out to exact revenge on the whole mob in a no nonsense kind of way...multiple shots to the chest and one to the head for good measure type of justice. I've never seen a film where the gun play is this to the point and precise as this. I don't know what the body count is, but it's gotta be up there...way up there. Oh...and another thing...they actually reload the guns. Don't see that that often in films. It's got an all star cast of cameo/small roll characters, from Ian McShane, William Dafoe, and John Leguizamo, and I swear one of the bad guy henchman is that "Mayhem" Insurance guy. One of the Best Movie, that Keanu Reeves ever made. From start to finish. Non stop action, all scenes look very realistic. ( The best action movie of the year. ) I Love this movie so much I think the people behind this movie made a great astonish action movie. There are other things in the movie that I love so much. I even think John Wick is so much better than 47 Ronin (2013) that Keanu Reeves made. The most that I love in this movie is Adrianne Palicki as Ms. Perkins I think she did one of the best job portraying and playing the most memorable female assassin I have ever seen. Ms. Perkins made me realized and inspired me that there are a lot of women who choose occupation as a female assassin hired by the mob. There were a lot of female actresses who played an assassin but I have never see any women portrayed like that. Adrianne Palicki is a bad ass! She even played Lady Jaye in the G.I. Joe Team's covert operations a specialist in the movie G.I. Joe: Retaliation (2013) one of my favorite movies. The fight sequence between John Wick and Viggo Tarasov is real and very realistic I did not see any CGI in it. This wouldn't be an action movie without some action. There's plenty of it, and it's perfectly done. The The stunts are completely insane in scale. There is a lot of gun play and powder even the guys reload guns. There are even Daniel Bernhardt from Bloodsport II and The Matrix Reloaded in it. And he was perfect in here and the fight scenes with Keanu Reeves were well done by him. This is the first time In the movie I see Willem Dafoe been the good guy. I haven't seen him in decades playing the good guy since Platoon (1986) my favorite Vietnam war movie! The last thing about the movie I want to say that John Wick was a dog lover and I love dogs. I love how he avenge the puppy's death by mobsters who killed him and than he saved another puppy from the animal shelter when he was wounded. He wasn't a superhero without any bruises on him he was wounded. Keanu Reeves did a wonderful job better than he did in Knock Knock (2015) I only hope they want screwed up the sequel and making much better action movie than the first was.When sadistic young thugs senselessly attack John Wick (Keanu Reeves)-a brilliantly lethal ex-assassin-they have no idea they've messed with the wrong guy. With New York City as his bullet-riddled playground, Wick embarks on a merciless rampage, hunting down his adversaries with the skill and ruthlessness that made him an underworld legend That is the main plot the rating I am giving this movie is a 10/10 because It deserves it.John Wick is something special. It takes as much time setting up elaborate action sequences as it does the world with which it all takes place in. And what a world it is. It reminds me of Millers Crossing and it is cooler than any other recent attempt at noir. We are shown a criminal underworld where, if you are connected, many powerful people know who you are and show you respect. John Wick was connected but he got out. He is the rare killer who has found peace, and he is grateful for that peace. Some young kids steal that from him and he does what he does best, he wages a one man war against the Russian Mafia. It might sound like the film takes quite a leap but it all makes sense. The motives of John and the people who get in the way of his bullets are all very clear, even if it does come across as rather simple. That's the plot at it's most basic. Then there's the action. The film is directed by Reeve's stuntman from The Matrix, so this guy knows action. There are sequences that flow so smoothly it puts other action films and their quick cuts to shame. Keaunu moves so fluidly throughout the film and comes across as such a natural that the only disappointment is that we have not seen him like this before. Along the way are plenty of character actors, fans of The Matrix and The Wire will recognize a few people then there are more obvious ones like Ian McShane and Willem Dafoe. Everyone seems to be having a good time. That is another plus for this movie. It get's dark at times but overall it is quite fun, not very chipper, but fun. I cannot recommend this movie enough. I believe it is a must see for action fans and for anyone looking for something a bit different from the usual fare.What a great movie, This movie is a non-stop fun roller-coaster ride. I love Keanu Reeves. He is perfect in this film. This is the type of movie people will see over and over again. Waited in a long line to see it but it was well worth it. Amazing special effects, great acting, great everything. Best movie I have seen all year. Keanu Reeves is back after a long break and he is better than ever. This is like a combination of Speed and the Matrix combined. Directors Leitch and Stahelski have created a beautiful looking action picture, one that is large enough to deserve the IMAX experience.John Wick is the real deal. It is a amazing action picture, filled with strong performances by a cast, along with superb action set-pieces and a genuinely interesting world to boot. Reeves commands the screen and reminds us why he is still a genuine movie star.This movie is filled with action, highly recommend it to someone who loves action movies.I got to go to a press screening last night! The movie is brilliantly paced, with fantastic (nonshaky cam) action that all feels fresh, new, innovative and unique. Had the theater gasping through each action set piece. the main character despite his unique skill set is very relatable. Keanu was at the top of his game and the director used Keanu's strengths and didn't bring up any weaknesses. Also Don't WATCH any more than the first trailer because I thought it spoiled a major part of the first act MINOR SPOILER ALERT (but was mentioned in the trailer so it shouldn't be a spoiler) the fate of his dog is revealed and would be better not knowing it going into the first act of the film. The supporting cast was great, except whenever i saw the State Farm guy (Mayhem), it took me out of the movie a little bit. But the film brings me right back in! I can't wait to see this again! It doesn't necessarily need to be seen in theaters but any movie is better in the theaters. The most surprising thing about the movie is how funny it is. i found myself grinning and laughing along with the rest of the theater throughout. Yet it doesn't drown out the Intense Drama that is the sturdy shell holding the movie together smoothly. The world that was set up was done perfectly and even though i don't want a sequel i would definitely see one either set in same universe or continuing the story arch from this movie. However the movie does stand on its own two feet as one that has a conclusive ending. The only flaw i found leaving the movie was that the dialogue at the end was a bit muffled. but this was a test screening so i'm sure that will be fixed by the time the movie is released. So for that i give this movie a 9.5/10 and recommend this to pretty much anyone with a like of action movies (yes even if you're female you will still enjoy this movie at least for the first 2 acts)No major spoilers. If you like the action genre done well. Watch John Wick. Vehicles flying around at high speeds, great gun play and kungfoo stuff. This is an action movie! Yes a very violent one and done well.Its been a few years since we have had a well made action movie for a mature audience that could warrant being a new trilogy. Unlike The Expendables. This one is it. But if it dose not happen. Its sure to be a singular cult classic. Especially with its refusal to be a shoot em up style of show, but a shoot em in the face style of show. As well that one of the main plot features, put simply, is that Wick is seeking out vengeance because of the murder of his puppy. Any way no more info. Watch and enjoy.It's pretty much a comic book. The John Wick Universe. Step up from the Matrix. Minimal CG which was cool. It's over the top because that's what it was going for.Finally! An actual action movie with good action in it and an absolute diamond in the fluff. Instead of the usual Hollywood action films as of late, they managed to not sacrifice quality for wokeness-diversity-oppression-de-jour.This needs to be cancelled immediately.I didn't know what to expect out of this movie. When I saw the trailer, I wasn't really impressed. Nothing about it really caught my attention. But then I started hearing things about John Wick, very good things, and ratings for it were high. That's what really caught my attention for it.John Wick is a former hit-man who retired from his profession when he found a woman he loved. When his wife dies suddenly, John wishes to grieve alone until a few days later when he realizes his wife left behind one final gift for him; a puppy. After a minor altercation leads to an even bigger one when thugs decide to break in, steal his car, and kill his dog, John Wick decides that retirement would have to wait until his revenge is fulfilled.What makes John Wick different from other shoot em' up movies is that we're provided with details of John's former life, including old partners and a hotel front which leads the audience eager to wonder the many tales that can be told about John Wick. The movie is fast paced, never really a dull moment, and it always keeps you wondering what he's going to do next and how. Also, his style. John Wick loves using the double tap to his advantage.What else can I say? John Wick is an amazing movie and I can't wait to see what the sequel(s) will provide for us.Bad asss movie I love it, it was totally worth the watch.Dunkirk is, in my opinion, yet another masterpiece from mastermind Christopher Nolan. Since everything that is brilliant about the film has already been said I will briefly write what I think of the film and also touch on a topic that some people are criticizing the movie for.The fantastically directed film is told from 3 perspectives non chronologically. It superbly tackles the narrative and the non linear story doesn't at all pull you away from the intensity of the events happening on screen that don't stop from 00:00 to the last scene. Hans Zimmer most likely gives one of the most fitting scores for a war film ever. Sometimes there is only one note playing followed by heartbeat sounds and a ticking clock while other times a massive orchestra is interpreting what is going on on screen. The movie brilliantly projects the feeling of each and every soldier on the beach to the audience. Confusion, turmoil and fear. The cinematography was breathtaking and I felt anxious throughout most of the run time. There is no lead in this film and I can't really say anyone stuck out as giving a brilliant performance because it wasn't needed and I'll explain why.The biggest criticisms of Dunkirk that I've heard of so far are that the characters are lacking in depth and that we aren't given anything to be invested in them. I feel like Nolan was trying (successfully) to make the audience care for each and every one of the men on the beach. He needed to have some form of "main characters" to be in the story so that we can see the events unfold from the direct perspective of all of the soldiers. Usually in war films (I'll use saving private Ryan as an example) the plot revolves around certain soldiers (like Cpt. Miller and Ryan) being in a war and doing things in the war but its still about THEM not THE WAR as much. In my opinion Dunkirk is a telling the STORY OF DUNKIRK. Not of Harry Style's character or Tom Hardy's character but of Dunkirk. What any of the "main characters" felt, every other soldier felt. Nolan resorted more to film-making techniques to tell the story rather than dialogue and that is why some people might have had a problem with the lack of character depth but realistically this type of terrible event wouldn't be a place for someone to "develop" as a character but rather a event where MEN WANTED ONLY SURVIVAL, and Nolan showed that perfectly. As for what the top review of Dunkirk on IMDb says about 'lack of emotion' in the film, I believe this to be a completely incorrect statement. Maybe he was referring to the lack of 'brotherhood amongst men' or the feeling of moral or something epic like that. Again the longing for the 'Saving Private Ryan' format of war films. What the reviewer fails to see is that realistically there was NO emotion on that beach besides fear and confusion. And I can safely say that Nolan and Zimmer and the DP all successfully gave us those feelings.9.5/10Saw an early screening tonight in Denver.I don't know where to begin. So I will start at the weakest link. The acting. Still great, but any passable actor could have been given any of the major roles and done a great job. I know almost no more about the battle of Dunkirk after seeing the film than I did before, and I am not exactly a WWII historian. Truth be told, I learned all I know about the battle of Dunkirk from the movie poster. Does that weaken the film? Hell no, this is a film about survival. The opening scene tells it all and sets the stage as we get our first glimpse into a young soldier's need to stay alive, and his creative attempts to do so. That actor may even be considered the main character of the film. More words have been written so far in this review than he speaks. And I have no clue who the actor in that role is. It is humorous that Tom Hardy looks like Bane through most the film in the role of a pilot wearing an oxygen mask throughout. Kenneth Branagh is the only officer with any lines in the film, so that should give you an idea of the POV that we experience. We are the enlisted man trying to find a way to stay alive in a chaotic and harrowing battle. Though I believe Dunkirk will win every single technical Oscar, I would be surprised if it has any acting nominations at all.How does Nolan elevate this above other films of a similar nature? I think he says it best himself, when he describes Dunkirk as a thriller more than a war film. He pulls that off superbly.When a ship starts to take in water as numerous bullets penetrate its hull, I wanted to jump out of my seat and cover up the holes myself.The film has three separate stories that are titled Mole, Sea and Air. And we all know where Moles live. The way the narratives of the three stories unfold and how they are all tied together is what makes the film a masterpiece. Much has been said about Nolan using IMAX film cameras and how the film is enriched by this. I don't know. I doubt I saw actual film being projected at my screening. Every frame looked terrific though. So what is the most superlative aspect of the film? Gotta be the soundtrack. Hans Zimmer will win the Oscar for this without a doubt. So , so brilliant. This is not a soundtrack that I would buy at the store and play on my stereo. This is a soundtrack that weaves throughout the three narratives seamlessly and creates this phenomenal sense of tension. There are times when a two or three minute tense orchestral passage plays continuously as the story shifts from the ground to the sea then to the air and the music draws the three stories together. Zimmer's soundtrack reminds me of the way that Bernard Hermann's work was so vitally important in building suspense in most Hitchcock films. Though that description almost sells Zimmer short. His soundtrack is that good.I don't think this is a film that will retain even half of its strength in your home theater. No folks, this is a film that you cough up for an overpriced IMAX ticket and rationalize it by knowing that experiencing Dunkirk in any other fashion will just not cut it.If you read through the swarm of negative reviews, you might notice a common theme: boring, dull, lack of characters. It's incredibly disappointing that they seemed the miss the entire point of the film.This is not a film about heroic soldiers triumphing against all odds while blowing up Nazis with transformer-esque explosions.This is a movie about scenes, not characters. -and every scene is memorable, from the bombings to the torpedoes to the aerial dogfights. My co-worker, who is obsessed with WW2 planes, noted how incredibly perfect they got the British Supermarine Spitfire from the roar of the Rolls-Royce engine to the rattle of the components in the cabin. The accuracy and intensity of the dogfight was captured perfectly as well, mimicking the aerial maneuvers, firepower and damage in a realistic and dramatic fashion. The torpedoes noticed only moments before impact with it's slow monotonous movement sent chills of realization down my spine. Even in the beginning of the film, the way in which the Nazi leaflets were presented gave you some glimpse into the panic and anxiety felt by those soldiers.I felt the "lack of characters" was realistic and served the film as well. War is not about larger-than-life personalities with specialized weapons being bad-asses. It's about nameless and faceless soldiers facing an existential crisis, the possibility of randomized death, and how they can either respond with despair or hope.If you want characters you can root for and a happy ending where the bad guy in vanquished, then there are plenty of movies for you. But if you want a small glimpse into the despair, anxiety, hope, courage, and will of the British WW2 fighters then there is no better film ever made than this one.What a movie. This has to be the best way to tell a story. Many people may find it boring as its slow paced. But this slowliness of the movie give the sense of terror which happend in the story. I like how its mainly without any music. Its a simple war story told by a soldier's pov. Its slow, just like a human's life. For me, this movie is amazing as its able to show the true problems faced by those people. I love this oneI am always relatively confident that I'll enjoy the work of Christopher Nolan based off his pretty decent track record, however this gripping re-imagining of one of the darkest moments of World War II stands as not only some of Nolan's greatest work but one of the greatest war films I have ever experienced.Dunkirk does not necessarily tell the story of any one particular character, but rather adopts the event itself as the films vehicle, resulting in an experience which uses its characters to portray the event rather than the event to portray its characters. This is presented through scenes taking place at different stages of the evacuation across the land, air and sea, creating a distinctive setting for each, but culminating in the same final conclusion. This being said despite Dunkirk's focus not necessarily being its characters, I did not find a single character performance in this film lacking or inconsistent with the tone or setting presented technically. In particular Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance and debut actor Fionn Whitehead gave especially memorable performances consistent with the striking spectacle Nolan presents. As is expected with Christopher Nolan's films the visual presentation in Dunkirk has few rivals, the set pieces are outstanding with the use of breathtaking establishing shots to highlight the true historical scale of the real life evacuation. Action is presented in a smooth focused manner utilizing a few precise shots rather than an explosion of two second jump cuts we have come to expect in modern day action movies. There are multiple sequences which portray the pure fear, claustrophobia and disorder present in those final weeks of the evacuation and it is this ever present tension that will keep you engaged for the entirety of the run-time. However it is the sound design which truly made this production a masterpiece for me, delivering one of the most realistic representations of the terrifying sounds of War. Gunfire had a distinctly different tone to other films, being delivered with sharp crack, explosions where accompanied by a deep base and the famous 'Jericho Trumpet' made by the Stuka's presence be constantly reminded and portrayed the sense of helplessness present at Dunkirk perfectly.This is only enhanced by Hans Zimmer's excellent soundtrack embedded across the entirety of the film. Alongside Inception, Dunkirk showcases the exceptional talent Nolan & Zimmer have for combining meaningful score with striking imagery to create a distinctive emotional response from their audience. Through the skillful incorporation of an ever presenting droning base, screeching guitar strings and ticking timepiece the continual sense of urgency and dread felt by those both on land and sea is enforced across the entire film by this excellent soundscape. As a result I highly recommend that should you be given the chance you experience Dunkirk for the first time on the big screen, as the combination of a cinema screen and encapsulating surround sound will leave you with a truly memorable experience. Even though this is a film a majority will go into undoubtedly knowing the final conclusion, Dunkirk is an experience I highly recommend everyone consider, presenting a defining moment of modern history in one of the most technically accomplished and memorably striking ways, Dunkirk will undoubtedly go down as a hallmark in film-making for many years to come.What a Brilliant movie. We saw this on the night of the World Premiere, intense and packed full of fabulous acting... The camera shots were absolutely spot on, and you couldn't look away for a second without missing a perfect scene. The entire score, coupled with the dialogue and videography made this film and I cannot wait to see it again.This review will be mostly spoiler free but I don't want to be banned so I clicked it just to be safe..The basic plot revolves around the 450,000 odd British soldiers trapped in Dunkirk, France as the German troops close in. They don't close in on foot though, instead opting to pick the trapped soldiers off from the air and sea.This movie isn't a propaganda piece touting the glory of British resilience; most of the movie is just young men trying to survive, petrified for their own lives. The threat is ever present, there was a wonderful sense of tension throughout the entire movie. You really felt the cinema shake as the German planes closed in on the soldiers and let loose their bombs and you can feel the thick fog of fear.The enemy in this movie is very interesting because you never actually see a German face. The enemy is just a looming threat and comes in the shape of torpedo attacks and bombs from planes. I read that Nolan spent a lot of time studying silent films and how they built tension which is pulled off masterfully in this movie. Like the movie Gravity once this movie begins there is no down time, they are constantly being attacked in one way or another.The casting for this movie was absolutely superb. Our very own Barry Keoghan had a short role that I would liked to have seen fleshed out more but he pulled it off very well. Cillian Murphy was wonderful as always and played the role of a shell shocked soldier. Mark Rylance stole the show for me and put on a stellar performance as the father who is doing his duty to his country. His bravery never fades. Fionn Whitehead and Aneurin Barnard were excellent choices and I liked how Nolan chose largely unknown and inexperienced actors to mimic how young and inexperienced the soldiers really were during the war.When I heard that Harry Styles was in this movie I figured that it was just a clever ploy to pull in more ticket sales but I absolutely stand corrected. He put on an authentic, honest performance that was very impressive. There's a great scene in a boat where you see how he is affected by desperation and sheer terror that really sold it for me, his performance was extremely consistent.Tom Hardy is a chameleon... Any role he plays he is completely dedicated and immersed and you can't peel your eyes away from him. He has some of the most nail biting scenes and his scenes toward the end of the movie were very emotional and moving.Strangely enough some parts of the movie felt like watching old WW2 footage; it was grainy and real. This movie didn't rely on CGI, it was gritty and honest and beautifully shot.You really can't talk about a Christopher Nolan without talking about Hans Zimmer and the soundtrack. There were some scenes that were reminiscent of the docking scene in Interstellar because the music flowed so well with each scene that it evoked a sense of urgency and intensity. This is a phenomenal soundtrack. The movie starts to a ticking clock and it's only a matter of time until time runs out.There is very little dialogue in this movie but it isn't missed at all. This movie is an emotional power horse. I was genuinely moved a couple of times throughout it and it's one that will stay in my head for a long time.THE GOOD:Casting was perfect, the lesser known actors held their own weight against some of the veterans. The cinematography was fantastic, you really felt completely immersed in the movie. Hans Zimmer's score was Oscar-worthy. The movie will leave you on the edge of your seat throughout.THE BAD:The story line is not always linear which was confusing. Dialogue was sometimes hard to hear (but not necessary)_______Dunkirk is a fantastic movie, it's as simple as that. This should be the standard of movie that other directors should attain to achieve and here Nolan proves that he is one of the greatest directors of all time. The acting is superb and the entire movie is a treat for the eyes and ears. Don't miss out on seeing this in a cinema.From a different viewpoint as this author walked down 101 floors of the South Tower on September 11. Worked for Aon and came away with not PTSD or dust-health problems (I was far uptown when the towers came down). So as I sat watching Dunkirk, the cummulative effect was to virtually relive aspects of THAT day for me. It's impossible to describe horror, fear and what it was like to BE there, or BE at Dunkirk. Many films and books (fondly MRS. MINIVER was the first). Or the heroic dogfights of BATTLE OF Britain. This one - far different. I came out of the theater feeling that I had just been through not only Dunkirk but 9-11 as well. It is THAT effective. The lack of dialogue for a good part of the film draws the viewer INTO the story as a real participant. YOU'RE THERE. Spielberg did it a few times such as the 20 minute Omaha Beach segment of SAVING PRIVATE RYAN but even that film became just a more intense version of the standard war film.Be prepared to have your life changed by this one. It's that damn good.This movie had me sitting on the edge of my sweet the whole way through, it was incredibly engaging. The use, or lack or, dialect creates an indescribable atmosphere and forces the watcher to pay attention. The use of a nearly constant, if not constant sound bed includes the viewer in the experience and allows them to go on ups and downs along with the movie.Christopher Nolan succeeds in the challenge of describing a non-winning subject (a stinging military defeat) and highlighting the spirit of solidarity and hope. An uninterrupted and deliberately oppressive music, a high-quality photography, talented actors, ... two thumbs up!!!! As a sweet euphemism, I'm not a fan of war movies, but Christopher Nolan signs a masterpiece of the seventh art.Best movie ever. Heath ledger's work is phenomenal no words......Confidently directed, dark, brooding, and packed with impressive action sequences and a complex story, The Dark Knight includes a career-defining turn from Heath Ledger as well as other Oscar worthy performances, TDK remains not only the best Batman movie, but comic book movie ever created.Totally one of the greatest movie titles ever made. Everything was great, filming, acting, story. Nothing to complain aboutIt is just what you want for the best movie. Great story great acting, thrilling twist.
Just watched Joker in 2019, I just has to come back and give dark knight a 10. And thanks to Heath Ledger for the exceptional performs.I got to see The Dark Knight on Wednesday night, the reason though why I'm writing this movie comment this late is because I didn't wanna just jump and say this movie was awesome, I wanted to think it through, still today, I can't stop thinking about this movie! The Dark Knight lives up to it's hype and goes beyond it, this is the Batman movie that goes where no other Batman movie has gone before. It gave us a real sold story, we are finally told why the villains are the way they are, how all the injustice in the world can get underneath Batman's skin, how you have to believe that people still have faith in good on Earth. Heath Ledger, I absolutely loved Jack Nicolson's performance in the 1989 film, when I first read that Heath was signed onto The Dark Knight, I was like "What are they, kidding?", once you see The Dark Knight... Heath was incredible! I'm not going to compare Jack and Heath's performance, because they were two different versions of the Joker, but Heath's Joker was definitely the more scary and intense of the two nominations. You didn't know what he was going to do next, he was so crazy, he was also so charismatic to the point where you could relate to his character, and the worst part is not only that he's crazy, he's driving Gotham crazy and treating everyone like little puppets on strings that he can control, and guess what, he is doing it so well with a smile on his face. This was so much more than a Batman film, this was so much more than a comic book film, The Dark Knight truly delivers with drama, action, romance, horror, dark humor, the study of a psychopathic killer, a detective story. The force behind this epic movie is Christopher Nolan, who's previous film, Batman Begins, didn't really thrill me, but his incredible film making is truly shown in The Dark Knight, the shots that he got of Gotham City were absolutely fantastic and made you feel part of the city, part of the Batman story. One of the things that I absolutely loved about The Dark Knight is that normally with a comic book movie, you know it's not real, people don't dress up in costumes, and save the day, villains don't name themselves crazy names and dress in make up or crazy costumes, but The Dark Knight actually makes it seem incredibly real, like it could happen.Bruce Wayne is still learning how to be in his double life of Batman and himself, he has lost Rachel to the new district attorney, Harvey Dent, he's inspiring others who are dressing up as Batman and are trying to take on the villains of the city themselves. But things are much worse when the Joker waltzes into town, and he's going to bring Hell upon Gotham City. Constantly playing with Gotham's mind and trying to get Batman to reveal himself, Batman has never dealt with such a psychopathic genius before. The Joker has named himself as the "Classy Villain that Gotham needs", he also has brought a new thought into Batman's head of them actually being more alike than different, that Batman completes him, the Joker would be nothing without him. But Batman is relying on Harvey Dent, who is Gotham's "White Knight" trying to put all of Gotham's scum in jail. But when the Joker plays Batman and Commissioner Gordon, Harvey and Rachel find themselves in very horrific position and Harvey must discover if he will die a hero or live long enough to become a villain.All the performances are dead on in this movie, now everyone's going crazy over Heath Ledger's performance, but one performance I would also love to credit is Aaron Eckhart who plays Harvey Dent/Two Face, his performance was just as great as Heath's and made Two Face a human villain. You could understand his hatred and vengeance on what happened to him and why he became Two Face. I know that everyone is saying this but I truly mean when I say this is one of the best movies I have seen in a very long time. We had some great movies these past few years, but I think The Dark Knight is seriously something special, but I don't wanna build it up too much since some people go to the theater expecting my words to be the same as your own. In my opinion though this is not a great movie, I can't come up with a word describe how incredibly powerful this movie was, to be honest I would go above a 10 rating if I could; this is the Batman film that we have been waiting for. I've seen it twice in one weekend, I'm going to see it three times this upcoming week, I don't mind one bit. I can't wait for the sequel and I would just like to say RIP to Heath, wish he could have seen his breath taking performance as The Joker.10/10The actors, the script, the scenery make it one of the best movies I have ever seen. The best-played character of the joker is amazing. That's how I imagined him. In the film, he is portrayed as an ultra-intelligent person with a psychopathic "brain". Honestly, I was very surprised that someone known for their niche productions would play such a good role as one of the most important characters in the Batman series. Unfortunately, we will probably never see the joker so well again, because Heath Ledger, from unknown circumstances, died. This is sad news. However, back to the movie. The main character, Batman, played by Christian Bale, also shows the character very well. Therefore, my rating for this movie is 10/10.We've been subjected to enormous amounts of hype and marketing for the Dark Knight. We've seen Joker scavenger hunts and one of the largest viral campaigns in advertising history and it culminates with the actual release of the movie.Everything that's been said is pretty much spot on. This is the first time I can remember where a summer blockbuster film far surpasses the hype.For as much action as there is in this movie, it's the acting that makes it a great piece of work. Between all the punches, explosions and stunt-work is some great dialog work. All the actors have their moments.Bale's Batman is the definitive Batman because we see everything in this character finally on film. Martial arts skills, cunning, great tactical thinking, forensic application, technological genius to advance or improve Luscious Fox's inventions/technological breakthroughs, intimidating personality, and even a little swashbuckling. As for Heath, yes he gets credit for his performance as the Joker. But you have to also recognize Jonathan and Chris Nolan for the writing and treatment of the character. It's not just the fact that Ledger makes the Joker so menacing, but the Nolans have given the character this great manifesto that drives its actions. The Joker's stance on chaos, order, anarchy, the morality of the average modern human being make the character so interesting psychologically. The Nolans drafted a complex character and only a perfect performance could've pulled something like this off. That's how difficult of a role this was, and that's why Ledger's performance is so great.This isn't an action movie. It's a film that explores literary themes of the hero and villain, as well as order and anarchy. Yes, listen to the dialog because it's all in there.The dark knight is the best movie I have ever seen in my lifeThis is the best superhero movie ever made!!!! If you like to watch superhero movies then you should definitely watch this.However, I must say that this movie is much more than just a superhero movie. If you don't like superhero movie but want to watch a good drama/action movie then this is one of the best.I couldn't believe "The Dark knight" could live up to the hype. That's perhaps the biggest surprise. The secret, I believe, is a stunning, mature, intelligent script. That makes it the best superhero movie ever made. As if that wasn't enough, Heath Ledger. He, the newest of the tragic modern icons present us with a preview of something we'll never see. A fearless, extraordinary actor capable to fill up with humanity even the most grotesque of villains. His performance is a master class. Fortunately, Christian Bale's Batman is almost a supporting character. Bale is good but there is something around his mouth that stops him from being great. "The Dark Knight" is visually stunning, powerful and moving. What else could anyone want.Agent K (Jones)'s partner retires, so he has to find a new one. Street cop Will Smith seems an unlikely contender to join this very special service and help K battle illegal aliens.Barry Sonnenfeld's experience as a cinematographer put him in good stead for planning this quirky fun sci-fi comedy.Men in Black is given life by Sonnenfeld's shot-choices, for greatest comic effect, terrific fun musical score by Danny Elfman, and two perfectly cast actors: Tommy Lee Jones' wry delivery and Will Smith's comic persona make for a movie with some real personality.Vincent D'Onofrio is a memorable bad guy - especially when we don't have to look at his regular face.A few death scenes will be too gruesome for kiddies, but once they're a certain age its bound to be one of their favourite movies. Such terrific imaginative fun.10/10Woman: "You here to make fun of me, too?' K: "No maam, we here at the FBI do not have a sense of humour we're aware of. May we come in?"I'm about 16 years late seeing this, and I saw the third one first (with no need for #2), but I must say that this is one of the most fun movie-watching experiences I've ever had. It was non-stop laughs and thrills from beginning to end. The element which stuck out to me as being done extraordinarily well was the writing, specifically the comic interplay between Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones. Their characters are so different, and yet play off each other so well. Even the smaller parts were well-written and played. Of particular amusement to me was the largely physical performance given by Vincent D'Onofrio as the main bad bug. You can tell he gave it his all with his awkward speech patterns and movements. It really seemed like he was adjusting to a human body, and it was all done with a sly sense of humor. The only thing I find lacking was some dated CG, but considering it came out over 15 years ago, it was fine. If anything it adds to the B-movie charm, and some of alien design was probably influenced by 1950's "Creature Features" anyway. All things considered, it was an absolutely incredible and enthralling viewing experience. It's just a shame I waited so long to check it out.This movie is simply so lovable, and it has affected many people who have seen it. Men In Black has such a nice atmosphere, and it's not gritty and dark as science fiction or fantasy written these days. How many people have seen this movie and were immediately (not entirely seriously) convinced aliens have visited us? When it's a movie like Men In Black, it's so much more fun believing aliens might exist. There are movies that make aliens seem like killing machines whose only purpose is to destroy human race OR they are the kind of wise creatures who are so much better than us. But the aliens in Men In Black are - apart from the villains - almost sympathetic. They seem nice and really ordinary. Most of the charm of this movie comes from Will Smith. He is a talented actor, and his experience in comedy such as Fresh Prince of Bel Air has given him the ability to deliver comedic lines wonderfully. For him they are natural, and while Tommy Lee Jones's character Kay doesn't get as many one-liners, said by him the feeling is different. The character Jay is exactly how many of us would like to be in a situation like this. Of course the aliens and secret organisations are all new to him and he is allowed to be openly confused, but he still seems extremely excited about everything instead of being too broody or too angry like most heroes in action. This movie was made in 1990s, and the effects aren't what we see in the theaters these days, but they are still pretty damn amazing. When we are used to see the extremely beautiful science fiction, something as simple as Men In Black is a nice change. Men In Black is simple science fiction comedy. It's a movie that made me like science fiction, and is still probably the reason I'm not into the kind of science fiction where everything is in space and where you can see the filmmakers tried way too hard. Men In Black has a quite simple setting, quite simple plots and ordinary characters. Jay could be anyone of us, chosen by almost randomly instead of having some kind of great destiny. This is what science fiction needs to revisit. This is amazing.The term "Men in Black" refers to the slick black suits and wraparound sunglasses that all MIB agents wear. Like "Ghostbusters", it's both a comedy and a scary sci-fi movie. The evil alien bug kills seven people: He eats Edgar and then puts on his skin as an "Edgar" suit to pass as human. He also kills: the "Zap-'Em" bug exterminator. A waiter and 2 aliens at the sleazy Greek Restaurant, where aliens eat pierogies. The tow-truck driver and the bug-smashing morgue clerk. All because he is looking for the "universe hanging from Orion's belt", which is hidden somewhere on Earth. Other carnage: An alien jumps off the Guggenheim Museum. "K" zaps "Mikey" the bug-eyed alien. The giant cockroach swallows "K" whole so therefore it gets blow apart; twice. Thrilling CGI by ILM. According to the MIB: The aliens among us include Al Roker, Sly Stalone and Martha Stewart. Elvis didn't die, he just went back to his home planet. Aliens are taxidrivers, pawnshop clerks with heads that-grow-back and tandem bicyclists. Agent "J" has his hands-full delivering an alien baby squid. The agency's headquarters is a huge complex with Rip Torn as the boss (Agent "Zed"). Just remember: there are maybe 1500 aliens on Earth at any one time. Most of them live in New York City and Queens. The secret government agency run by "The Men in Black" is your first line of defense against total chaos and destruction from alien invaders, such as the Arquillians. Terrific alien "suits" by make up genius Rick Baker. Look for the alien bug suit worn in the movie "Explorers". My favorite supporting characters: "Frank" the talking Pug dog and the sexy "morgue queen". "Don't zap her so much, she'll develop brain cancer and forget half of the classes she learned in medical school."-Will Smith as agent "J". The most perfect example of contemporary filmmaking: Best film editing, cinematography, CGI, musical score, sound editing, scripting and comedy acting that you will ever see. Miles ahead of "Ghostbusters". Vincent D'Onofrio (as "the bug wearing the Edgar suit") gives the most convincing performance. He should have won an Academy Award. Note: The MIB music video is not on the one disc DVD repackaged version. Easily the best of the 3 movies in the series.One of the best and most original films to come out of Hollywood in the last 20 years. Director Barry Sonnenfeld takes his unashamedly different approaches to film and comedy into the area of the "comic book movie franchise" genre. The wonderful cast is headed up by the always dependable Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith as Agents K and J, respectively. It is an absolutely delightful film, in every sense of the word. The movie combines drama with humor and action, and does it very well. It is the best film I've seen in the area of achieving these moments of fierce action and real-world occurrences, directly followed up by moments of off-the-wall sci-fi adventure and outrageous dialog/characterizations/body language. 'Men in Black' is more or less three parallel stories running simultaneously, all expertly navigated by Sonnenfeld. We have the background story of the Men in Black agency, being told to us by Agent K and Director Zed (Rip Torn). In a nutshell, the agency has been around for a long time now. It is tasked with monitoring alien activity and protecting Earth's citizens from any harm the aliens might have planned. Smith first shows up as NYPD cop James Edwards, who through a very strange (yet hilarious) set of occurrences, is gradually inducted into the agency and learns the ropes, therefore becoming the newest recruit. And we have the not-so-unfortunate story of a douche bag farmer named Edgar, who is killed but his skin is used as a disguise 'Edgar suit' for an evil alien bug. This bug plans to find an item of great importance to him and to other alien races, so that a certain war between two of these races can continue, and his own race can continue to feed off the casualties - literally. Now, while this may seem like a lot of unnecessary explanation leading to a lot of unnecessary exposition in the film, this is simply not so. The story is explained, very quickly, in just a few scenes. Sometimes, we figure out things as the characters do, other times, we are let in on stuff long before the characters ever are. But the film does not ever lose pace because of these elements, nor does it stop so the audience can catch up with all these goings-on. The film purposefully barrels along at a breakneck speed, and the audience is just expected to dive right in and hold on for dear life. Once this is accomplished, the story is really not that hard to understand. However, if one feels that the story disappoints or just doesn't understand it, then the film is always entertaining just as a great popcorn flick. This would also probably be the case for why small children enjoy these films so much - they may not understand the story particulars, but they like the special effects and the comedic moments. This is all assisted by not only the main cast, but also by several great character actors and actresses, such as Tony Shalhoub and Siobhan Fallon. Whichever way you look at it, 'Men in Black' is a ridiculously entertaining ride of action and all kinds of comedy, and I highly recommend it. Which is not something I can say for 'Men in Black II', unfortunately. Since I haven't seen 'Men in Black III' as of yet, I cannot comment on it in the slightest. I'm hoping it's just as good, or better even, than this first installment.This movie is awesome. They did a good high quality job on it, and it did not focus it all on violence. If you do not like gruesome aliens that look disgusting, you may want to not see this. The only one fact that I do not like is that one of the agents in there cusses a lot. They also do have a disturbing situation in one of the parts in the movie. Luckily they do not show the image of it. I can't wait to see the sequel, Men in Black II. Also, lots of people will say that this is comedy and action. There is not that much to laugh at in this movie. I personally think that people watching this should be about ten years old at the least when they watch this. Put five star rating for this and buy it. This is a movie that deserves to be in your collection.Love both men as actors. As both are really the best duo in this groundbreaking film.Agent K real name Kevin(Tommy Lee Jones) is retiring for personal reasons of his own. Despite his gruff interior is a soft side to him. As he recruits unorthodox cop, Office James aka Agent J(Will Smith).Despite the fact of not following the rules, J is picked over what he saw and seems to be more of a people person than the military people that are also recruits.Jones straight man to Smith's comic foil are an odd but nonetheless really hilarious match. As both must duel with aliens. That are humans in disguise. Taking on Vincent D Onofiro in a pre-Law and Order CI appearance as the antagonist! Fifteen years old nearly sixteen but still, a classic to date!I could have reviewed this film after Men In Black 3 came out, but whatever.I was seven when I first saw this. I remembered the heavy promotion and the music video of Will Smith's resurgence into hip hop. I remembered two things: This film is kinda weird and I want a pair of Ray Bans.Weird in a good way. It's not a conventional sci-fi film. I would go on to say that it's a dark comedy. Everything about sci-fi films is portrayed in such a different tone. It has an unusual blend of wonder, eeriness, and comedy, which you could tell right off the bat with the opening music.I found the idea refreshing. We've all heard of the mythical men in black, supposedly shadowy figures that silence UFO witnesses. Here they portrayed much more light heartedly, as people doing a job. The exposition in this film is actually subtle. The humour derives itself on the fact that most characters are so deadpan and that they're very used to dealing with extra terrestrials. Instead of a film where we're trying to understand how to defeat the antagonist, we're looking at a film where it's just all in a day's work.Another source of great humour is the dynamic between Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith. The grizzled emotionless veteran and the young idealistic new recruit. Agent J shows us the human perspective while throwing in that genuine Fresh Prince comedy.What baffled me is how lowered the scope is of this film. The climax involved the destruction of the earth by an alien battleship and they bleakly made it clear that it doesn't matter."There's always an alien battle cruiser, a Korillean death ray or an intergalactic plague about to wipe out life on this miserable little planet and the only way these people get on with their happy lives is that they do not know about it!". Basically put, we don't matter, we are insignificant in the bigger picture.I remember that parts of this film freaked me out, especially scenes with the Edgar bug. But that has to be the best silver screen villain ever.I loved it and it will be one of my favourite sci-fi films ever.'Men in Black' is Superb Entertainment. This science fiction comedy gets everything right. It has a solid script, that comes in-tact with humor, style & great action. Also, Tommy Lee Jones & Will Smith, Make Terrific Leading Men!'Men in Black' Synopsis: Two men who keep an eye on aliens in New York City must try to save the world after the aliens threaten to blow it up.'Men in Black' is Escapist Cinema at it's best! It's a complete entertainer, that is worth every bit of your time & money. A Blockbuster hit, 'Men in Black' has become a cult film over the years & enjoys a strong fan-base around the globe among cinema buffs. It's among THE best film of 1997!Screenplay by Ed Solomon is excellent & offers solid entertainment. Barry Sonnenfeld's Direction is stylish. Cinematography & Editing are perfect. Art Design is well-done. Visual Effects are fabulous. Performance-Wise: Tommy Lee Jones & Will Smith, Make Terrific Leading Men! Jones, like always, is marvelous, while Smith, gets his comic timing right & raises a lot of laughs in the goings-on. Their On-Screen Chemistry, is WOW! Vincent D'Onofrio is quite effective. Linda Fiorentino is impressive. Rip Torn leaves a mark. Tony Shalhoub gets limited scope.On the whole, 'Men in Black' is a must watch. Two Thumbs Up!Men in Black is a great movie, especially for sci-fi/fantasy geeks. Several things make this movie work. They are superb acting, great music, and excellent alien visuals. Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith star as two agents from an agency that deals with aliens as Agent K and Agent J. J is the rookie of the group so K must train him to be a successful agent and possibly be even more. They have to deal with a bug who took a dead man's body to find a jewel and deliver the jewel to a battalion just off Earth or the planet will be blown to pieces. The acting is excellent. Will Smith is the best and Tommy Lee Jones is not far behind him. The score by Elfman is great to listen to. I also liked the Grammy-nominated song by Will Smith. The makeup and alien visuals are great and not stupid like most cheesy sci-fi flicks. This is a very good movie! I rate this movie 10/10.Nearly hundreds of actors have played Sherlock Holmes and his sidekick Dr. Watson, and it may seem rash to call Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law the best Holmes-and-Watson-duo so far. But I've been a Sherlock Holmes fan my whole life, and most of the portrayals I've seen of the character only focus on an aspect or two of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's character. In Guy Ritchie's film, as in Doyle's "canon", Sherlock Holmes is an avid boxer, a martial artist, a dabbler in many sciences, and a master of disguise. Most importantly, he's an expert in logic and deduction. He playfully torments his housekeeper Ms. Hudson (Geraldine James) and shares an antagonistic but symbiotic relationship with police Inspector Lestrade (Eddie Marsan).The movie opens with Holmes and Watson apprehending serial killing Satanist Lord Blackwood (played broodingly by Mark Strong). Blackwood is executed, but when he seemingly rises from the dead, the deductive duo must determine whether it's a supernatural occurrence or if there's a logical explanation. It's exactly the type of mystery Doyle would have devised, with plenty of twists and opportunities for Holmes to show off his genius as he races to stop a plot to take over England and (gasp!) America. Everything from the experiments Holmes performs in his Baker Street flat to his climatic revelation of the mystery on the Tower Bridge seems perfectly in line with Doyle's writing.One of the only departures from the canon that bothered me was Sherlock's introduction to Dr. Watson's fiancée, Mary Morstan, played as a delicate English rose by Kelly Reilly. In the stories, Mary was Holmes' client in "The Sign of Four" before Holmes first encountered Irene Adler (Rachel McAdams) in "A Scandal in Bohemia." Then again, the continuity of the stories was rarely important to filmmakers, or even to Sir Arthur, so I'm just nitpicking.As a film on its own merits, "Sherlock Holmes" is almost perfect. The movie's opening shot grabs you, and Guy Ritchie's directing stays gripping all the way through the end titles. His version of Victorian London is moody and atmospheric. Hans Zimmer's quirky score blends well with the film's tone and Downey Jr.'s off-kilter Holmes. Meanwhile, Jude Law transforms Dr. Watson from the bumbling comic relief of most movies into a cool, competent sidekick. Perhaps owing to his own considerable acting chops, he's the rare Watson who manages to be as interesting and watchable as Holmes. When he leaps into action, he relies on a sword-cane and a trusty revolver, while Sherlock favors a riding crop (which die-hard fans will recall was his preferred method of self-defense in the canon). Rachel McAdams manages to tweak Sherlock's classic adversary into a feisty action heroine. All the while, another familiar adversary skulks in the shadows.Even when Sherlock Holmes feels a little bit more like James Bond, he doesn't feel any less like Sherlock Holmes. Ritchie finds a way to depict Sherlock's fighting as a mental exercise as much as it's a physical feat. In the same way, though "Sherlock Holmes" is grander and more commercial than Guy Ritchie's usual films, it doesn't feel any less like Guy Ritchie.What a ride. "Sherlock Holmes" left me giddy. I absolutely loved it. It was thrilling, funny, stylish, fast-paced and brilliantly acted.Downey Jr. is a delight to look at. He eats up the screen. He gives the character all sorts of mannerisms and nuances which really bring Holmes to life like never before. The chemistry and interplay between him and Jude Law is hilarious.I wasn't a big fan of Rachel McAdams's performance, but it didn't detract from the experience. I felt she just didn't bring as much to the table as the others. (Kinda like Katie Holmes in Batman Begins.)Guy Ritchie really outdoes himself here. The way he uses the camera, the motion, the fluidity, the snappy pacing - I loved every minute of it.A really fantastic movie. Well done.I cannot find out why people rate this so low. They must have not read any of the original stories. Holmes was indeed a childish man. Brilliant, but has a childish side. And he knows how to fight, as he does in a few stories. People need to read ALL of the books, and then make their assessment. Otherwise, they're just slandering a fantastic movie they know nothing about.A+If there is one genre I began to detest over the years, it was the 'buddy-action' flicks. You know the movies where two guys who aren't exactly friends are forced to form an uneasy alliance which leads to hilarious escapades. It's only been done a thousand and one times, note the long line of duos: Bruce Willis & Samuel L. Jackson ("Die Hard 3"), Will Smith & ("Wild Wild West"), Chris Tucker & Jackie Chan ("Rush Hour"), and let's not forget Jackie Chan and Owen Wilson ("Shanghai Knights"). Though many (but certainly not all) of the aforementioned films are indeed funny, few have any real lasting qualities and even fewer a challenging storyline. The best they can often do is throw an alluring female co-star between the two leads, but I digress.This film however, stands a monumental achievement. Firstly, the cast is really something else. Robert Downey Jr. as our titular character, and he does a bang up job playing a man who's a mystery in himself. Jude Law is entertaining and I'm glad Eddie Marsan was aboard. Mark Strong makes for a very impressive antagonist, and Rachel McAdams is a seductive femme fatale of sorts. The gloomy setting, 1800s London, couldn't be better realized and it definitely gives the film a darker tone. Most importantly though, the story is truly a one-of-a-kind detective tale. It really is a pitting of rationality vs. superstition, and to my heart-thumping exhilaration for the majority of the film you would think good old logic had been defeated. Moving on before I spoil anything. The plot twists and turns menacingly, and leaves one astounded by the effort put into the writing.Lastly, kudos to composer Hans Zimmer who did a very catchy leitmotif that fit the film perfectly. The gray-blue cinematography is great, and I've got to congratulate Guy Ritchie on his feat.How fitting for an intelligent hero to emerge in theaters on Christmas to dispel silly superstition. Guy Ritchie did a great job portraying this master detective based on the actual Doyle stories and did not rely on the old Holmes movies. In other words, this movie was a good adaptation, not a remake ten times over. He made Holmes more than an armchair detective and focused on the crime fighter that Doyle intended.I especially enjoyed the visuals, including London with its filthy unpaved roads and the flat at 221B as it probably should look with two bachelors living there, especially with one with an intensely curious mind. I liked how the movie focused on Sherlock's ability to fit in with criminals as well as his ability to fight—both of which are hinted at many times in the fifty plus stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.I like too how Ritchie dispensed with the curved pipe and deerstalker hat, neither of which really is mentioned much in the stories. The violin was a big part of Holmes' stories, and I like how he strummed the instrument in the movie while thinking about his cases. Something a thinking person would do.Finally, this was cast in an interesting way. The actor who played Lord Blackwood (Mark Strong), and even Jude Law, have physical features more identifiable with Holmes and they may have thought they were going to play the role when hired for the film. Instead, Ritchie cast an unlikely actor, American Robert Downey, Jr. This worked because Downey comes across as a mind that it always busy. Downey might also relate to Holmes' drug addiction, which was not shown in this movie but is hinted at (sloppy apartment, disheveled appearance, experiment of drugs on dog, bored when not working, etc.)The music in the movie was up-tempo and musical, suggesting a busy mind. The plot was a little bland and a lot like the plot of The DaVinci Code, but the feel was right for Holmes. One of my favorite aspects of the Holmes' stories was that there was always a mystical element thrown in. Doyle was a spiritualist and brought a certain otherworldly darkness to the mysteries, until Sherlock's keen brilliance illuminated all the swindles and schemes, just as he did in this movie.Everything about "Sherlock Holmes" is stunning, from the gritty, realistic Victorian London, to the wonderful performances by the film's fantastic four; Downey Jr, Law, McAdams and Strong. I enjoyed every minute of the film, and found that it matched the mental images that I had created while reading the books far better than any previous adaptation, and I include the celebrated Granada television series starring Jeremy Brett in that list.Robert Downey Jr's Holmes is not a starched, middle aged gentleman with every hair in place who sits in an armchair and looks pensive, but as the man from the stories; a younger, rougher individual who is perfectly happy to play dirty to get what he wants, and whose body is as powerful as his mind. He's brilliant, and so is Director Guy Ritchie, who keeps Holmes' incredible deductive powers at the forefront of the movie by showing him using them to neutralise his opponents. And Watson...Jude Law is perfect. Fat, bumbling old man? I think not. He never was in the books, and he isn't now. Instead, he's young, handsome, intelligent and not afraid to tell Holmes just what he thinks of the great detective's bad behaviour. His friendship with Holmes is everything it should be – not the hero/sidekick dynamic created by Rathbone and Bruce, but rather a friendship between two men who are as close as brothers, and who can't live with each other, but can't live without each other either.As for Irene AdlerRachel McAdams is pretty good. She didn't quite feel like Holmes equal, and she was a little young, but she certainly was a femme fatale, and had plenty of guts and gumption. She was also capable of getting down and dirty, which earned her a gold star in my book. Her relationship with Holmes is believable, and not nearly as romantic as some would claim. She flirts; he resists; she does something nasty to him. Like chaining him to a bed. Naked. Last but not least, Mark Strong does a wonderful job as villainous Lord Blackwood, considering that he has to be a plausible antagonist, but not bad enough to outshine Moriarty, who is set to appear in the sequels. Strong has certainly set the benchmark for future Holmes' villains – whoever is going to play Moriarty is, will have to be really evil now. Overall, the film is gripping and very believable: the sets are beautifully detailed, none of the stunts are overdone, the actors all play their parts to perfection, and Guy Ritchie certainly wasn't the wrong man to direct; his confidence in his abilities is what allowed him to make the film dirty and gritty and fresh. When coupled with an amazing score by Hans Zimmer, this film is certainly the best film of 2009, and will continue to be great through 2010, and well into the future.I have been a Holmes fan since I first started reading Sir Arthur Conan Doyle in 8th grade. I have been disappointed with other filmed versions of the past, and I was skeptical of this "newer" Holmes. My children took me (as a gift) on Christmas Day. I was prepared to be silently critical. Imagine my surprise when I was speechless with joy. And what was most surprising, my sons, who are not Holmes savvy, enjoyed the movie as well. It was a delight to the eye, a heartfelt, wistful return to adventuresome reading and a bit of jolt to the adrenal system. Congratulations to Guy Ritchie for this fabulous recreation of Holmes and gang. And to Downey and Law, special appreciation, it was like falling in love again. I was gleefully entertained and thoroughly satisfied. Bravo !Sherlock Holmes.An amazing movie, action packed, stocked with very funny jokes and a great cast. The chemistry between Jude Law and Robert Downey Jr. is one of the best I've ever seen in a movie, and trust me, I've seen loads.To me, this movie is a Sherlock Holmes Movie finally the way it's supposed to be!! The story is interesting and keeps you amused and engaged, it's definitely impossible to doze of during this movie.I love the way Watson and Holmes are so different, but they are still best friends. They can't live with each other, but they can't live without each other. They feel they have to protect each other.If you haven't seen this movie yet, go to the cinema's NOW! This is a must-see!With films such as this I feel stuck in the middle of targeted audiences; I love it when a series gets restarted but I'm always on my guard and at my most cynical.If you've ever had the hours of your life stolen from you with films like Wild wild west or The League of extraordinary gentlemen, then you know exactly what I mean when I say that it is rare indeed to see a movie set in the 1800's that isn't a load of historically inaccurate, technologically ridiculous, propriety insulting garbage.Sherlock Holmes (much to my great relief) has forgone that pitfall by a giant leap; the technology in the movie fits the time period very well- we are allowed the pleasure of seeing 'the future' of that time, but nothing absurd like a giant mechanical spider or a machine gun crossbow. The settings are wonderful. I'm not a British historian, but I know quality sets when I see them, and for once it's not Tim Burton that's responsible (meaning that they're good Gothic settings, but not unnecessarily bleak.)The fact that Robert Downey Jr. stars as Holmes made me even more on edge; he's just isn't who would come to mind at all. But the humor and intelligence he brings to the role is refreshing and wholly natural. We're not subjected to the unbearable smugness of your average super-protagonist, but rather an almost childishly humorous grown man, weary but curious of the world around him. Downey's English accent flows comfortably, so well in fact that I would risk getting a beat-down from his bodyguards to hug him for not putting me through another Nicholas Cage type accent abomination. I was never really in to Jude Law or Rachel McAdams but both of them also fell into their characters with winning performances, Law being the sidekick that keeps the hero in line without being annoyingly mean, and McAdams the love interest/femme fetale without being over the top, clingy or trashy.The story itself will wind your brain around a bit until the end, but isn't that why people have been in love with Sherlock Holmes for so many years in the first place? It will not bore you for a second, and it wraps up very nicely at the end (although you'll probably want to go over it your head again after you've left, which is a good thing)And last but not least, anyone who's ever read Sherlock Holmes will notice a plethora of accuracy, hints and homages, from Watson's limp thanks to the Jezail bullet that passed through his leg in the Afghan war, to the photo of Irene Adler that Holmes kept as a reminder of the only woman who ever outsmarted him.So take my advice and don't miss out on something this rare in concept; a quality revamp that pushes boundaries instead of ignoring them.People who complain about this film tend to be people who just don't get Sherlock Holmes at all or stuffy Sherlock Holmes fans who believe they have managed to figure out the character in all entirety and that no one can defy them that.Well I found this film extremely exciting. The direction was very good and the fight scenes well placed and humorous. Also I thought Hans Zimmer's' soundtrack could not have been improved because it was absolutely superb. Not only all this but as a big plus it had amazing special effects.As soon as I had seen the film and had been transported back to my childhood by this excitingly fast paced movie, I sat down to reading The Return of Sherlock Holmes. The books I had to say surprised me, for of the little criticism I had read of the film it was doubts on how correct the attitudes were to the books. Now taking that into consideration I expected to begin reading a very dull long story about a righteous, stroppy gentleman, which was the image the criticises had given me. However I found Sherlock Holmes to be very much more like Robert Downey Jr's performance (which was amazing by the way), he was quick witted funny and always having little banters with Watson, teasing him.So Robert Downey Jr I believe really brought out the true Holmes. Also Jude Laws performance defo improved Watson by giving him more backbone, brains and making him all together a lot less worshipping of Holmes, which was obviously a good thing. Rachel McAdams played a very good Irene Adler. :D