I saw this movie with my wife and I have to say this was even better than I ever thought possible!All these people that want to compare this to episode 4 are just the type of people I am sure that just can't be pleased no matter what you do for them. Wake up spammers with boring lives, This is STAR WARS driven by the best part of the force. I consider this a continuation of brilliance at its finest. You people that endlessly cry about this movie did actually see it, right? LOL Can't wait to see this story continue for years to come. This has made me an even bigger fan of Star Wars. I thought the acting was top notch, especially Harrison Ford, he stepped right back into that role perfectly.Enjoy an amazing movie for exactly what it is.........AMAZING!I know this, among many other reviews, will just find themselves lost in translation with thousands of others. But that wont deter me from conveying how simply awesome this movie was. It was truly a Star Wars movie. To have just enough fresh material meshed so fluidly with the old stuff everyone loves is a truly amazing feat.I've read countless reviews that say this movie has lost all heart and doesn't feel like a Star Wars movie and the answer to that is simply........wrong.From glorious dogfights to scene stealing droids to gritty lightsaber battles this movie has everything I want in a Star Wars film. And more! There are some real moments of raw emotion too that I think the Prequels tried to instill but just couldn't.The plot is perfection, the new characters had perfect chemistry with the old, the effects were even more mind blowing than the trailers led to me believe, etc etc etc Please don't even bother reading any laughable negative reviews, simply see this spectacle for yourself.10A fantastic addition to the Star Wars series!Great story, excellent acting, brilliant action, and so on.The photography was sweeping and excellent. The characters were imaginative and fresh. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and would watch it again without hesitation.The plot was easily the best of the entire series and the cast were all outstanding in their parts.I truly look forward to the next installment and hope J. J. is at the helm. (Scratch that, he actually is!!!!)My expectations were very, very high for this movie.Starting with the opening scene, a typical Star Wars opening, I wondered how well it was done. I wondered how it would be different and yet new, rebooting some of the old and original without seeming stagnant.JJ delivered on the Star Trek reboot and he absolutely nailed this one as well.He made it his own movie, he engaged original characters by engaging the new and the old. He let the characters tell their own stories without pushing over the boundaries. The story flowed.John Williams does it again. Harrison Ford was spectacular. The newcomers were fun, engaging and "cheer" worthy.My only complaint is this: do I really have to wait 2 more years to see the next amazing one directed by Abrams?!Someone pass me the Xanax while I wait, please!!!I know biased fanboys of the painfully average, outdated original trilogy will cluelessly cry about this, but yes, The Force Awakens is the most well made film of the Star Wars saga. This film has all the goodness of the original movies, characters who are easily likable, incredible effects, John Williams' rousing musical score and a great time at the cinema, enjoyable with our families and friends. But there are things which are even better than the original movies. Interaction between the lead characters is so natural, you got to commend the writers and the director J J Abrams for their amazing work. Most blockbuster films today tend to focus on spectacle and visual effects enhanced action over tender human moments. This film balances action and human drama amazingly well. The new characters are extremely memorable, the new actors Daisy Ridley and John Boyega are wonderful in their roles, along with Oscar Isaac. BB8 is extremely adorable, dare I say even better than R2D2. Adam Driver as Kylo Ren is a worthy villain, with the best motion capture actor in the world Andy Serkis, doing what he does best, as Supreme Leader Snoke. The visual effects on display here are incredible, and unlike the prequels which were ruined by their CGish feel, this one relies on practical effects. Almost everything in this film looks real, the stormtroopers look real, because they are real mean in armor, kudos for J J Abrams for not using CGI even for closeup shots of troopers. J J Abrams is a better director than George Lucas, and that will be very clear when you see the film. This film deserves every award and acclaim it received. A film as widely anticipated and hyped as this can rarely ever be this good, and yet........it is!Ten out of Ten against the negative whiny fan-boys. This movie is really amazing, and MOST of the world LOVE this film. Box office!!!It is a fun Star Wars ride in every way. It COULD have been worse, but JJ did an amazing job pulling this off. Felt like Star Wars all the way. No one complained in the first few weeks, and then... let the haters go home and leave the rest of the world enjoying this movie Finn and Rey all the way!!!!I simply cannot comprehend how anyone would give this a bad review. It was, without a doubt brilliant. The directing was amazing, to the point where you're so immersed in the scenes, I actually felt giddy during some of the flight scenes, it feels like you're actually IN the ship. The special effects are tastefully done, and are a perfect follow on from its predecessors. Nostalgia rules in this thrilling film, we felt like applauding several times throughout, and got goosebumps in some amazing scenes. It was also surprisingly humorous, (in appropriate amounts), and the balance of new characters versus returning characters and story lines was brilliant. 10 out of 10 for me!I'm a veeeeery long-term Star Wars fan, since back in '77.The Force Awakens was absolutely brilliant - everyone in the IMAX cinema clapped and cheered at the end. And it was a mixed audience too, not just Star Wars nerds like myself.I would describe this movie as a Star Wars that's real and gritty - I felt immersed in every scene, and not once was the spell broken, unlike the tragic prequels.The acting was superb, cinematography was amazing, and I could never tell when CGI was being used! Story was excellent with some unexpected twists, music great as always, action sequences were breathtaking. Everyone in the cinema was quite emotional by the end. I don't know how some people are giving this a low rating, they must be paid trolls getting that big payola payday from someone. LOL just kidding, that's literally the single dumbest thing i've ever heard. XDLooking forward to watching this again and again!Thanks J.J. for coming through ; )With this absolute epic, Star Wars.....is......back! JJ Abrams achieved a small miracle in creating a movie that respects its original material, brings in a ton of new characters, makes it appealing for new viewers and sets up a story to build a new Star Wars trilogy on. Without giving away too many spoilers, the story revolves around a scavenger (Rey), a renegade stormtrooper(Finn) and a fighter pilot(Poe) in their quest to defeat an enemy with the power to endanger the galaxy. To be honest, actual great acting has never been a strong point in any of the previous Star Wars movies. This trend has thankfully been broken, as the stellar cast give great performances throughout the whole movie. The newcomers Daisy Ridley and John Boyega, playing as Rey and Finn respectively, prove themselves more than capable of carrying the load in continuing the saga. They both show great chemistry together and give us extremely likable characters, with Rey bringing the heart of the film and Finn the abundant energy. Oscar Isaacs, who plays Poe, is the veteran among the young cast and pulls of a cool and smart-ass X-wing pilot. And finally, the old cast returns to give this film a true Star Wars feel to it. Harrison Ford returns as Han Solo and has not seemed to skip a beat since 1983, as he is as cheeky and bad-ass as ever. His witty banter with Chewbacca is a pleasure to watch, but Ford also brings a strong emotional performance this time too. Carrie Fisher as Leia also returns, in a rather small role, and delivers some sweet scenes with Han and the new cast. However, the most complex character with the best arc in this movie, is the antagonist Kylo Ren. Ren, played by Adam Driver, gives us an extremely intimidating villain with a troubled past we are eager to discover. Ultimately, he serves us more than a Darth Vader wannabe. JJ Abrams alongside Lawrence Kasdan wrote a fun and entertaining screenplay with plenty of emotional plot twists and content. Each main character has its own background and motivation, which develops over the duration of the film. A pleasant surprise to see is the humor used in the movie. The comedic relief in the film was used very effectively in developing chemistry and sympathy for the characters. It is also a sign that the movie does not take itself too seriously as the prequels did. The Force Awakens is filled with exhilarating action and moves with great pace during these scenes. Yet, Abrams knows to slow it down during scenes conveying intense emotion giving the audience time to process all that is thrown at them. These combined make it easy to understand the main characters' motivations, making the emotional investment so much better. As is typical of Star Wars, the movie is full of awe inspiring visual images and astonishing sound editing, creating new sounds for laser beams, light sabers, and alien noises. The cinematography is equally impressive, showing beautiful landscape shots of new planets reminiscent of the original trilogy. The cinematographer also shows us a diverse array of shots, giving heart- pounding POV shots inside the cockpit and nice long shots of the battlefield giving it a great scope while avoiding confusion caused by the numerous explosions. John Williams makes a welcome return to the Star Wars franchise with a bombastic new score, but also with nicely timed inserts of his famous original music to bring up emotional heartwarming feeling among the old-school fans. In conclusion, The Force Awakens is a return to greatness for the Star Wars franchise. This beautiful reunion of old characters combined with the introduction of promising new characters results in an emotional, adventure trip that left me excited for what is coming next. To quote Jimmy Kimmel, this movie was probably "the most anticipated sequel since the New Testament". So expect this movie to be under the most intense scrutiny by reviewers as they dissect the movie to its core to find the tiniest (I.E. laughably non-existent) flaws. In the end, The Force Awakens delivers as a fantastic Star Wars film and an incredibly worthy addition to the franchise.This new edition to the Star Wars franchise is arguably the best by  far. It combines the time-tested formula with the new and raw ideas  Disney brings to the table. From the moment the traditional text crawl  appears, this movie will keep you at the edge of your seat serving you  with action-packed scenes and unpredictable reveals that will surely  make you wanting for more.  One thing I particularly adored is how this new movie creativity uses  the Force. Disney has steered away from the boring 'push and pull'  concept and found ways you could never imagine the Force can be applied  and used on.  The presence of the old cast was monumental as it helped the old  audience transition to the new heroes  as they have similar (but also  diverse) qualities with their old counterparts. The ending, as  expected, is a major cliff-hanger. Expect to walk out of the cinema  dazed, amazed and confused as the movie, not only, answer the old  questions, but at the same time unfold new mysteries for the audience  to ponder on. Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a movie this generation  should really see. I genuinely recommend you see it on IMAX so you may  experience the Force in a way that will leave you lost in thought in  the days to come.  You-are-wel-comeI personally did not read the book prior to watching this movie. I did not go into the theater with preconceived ideas or expectations. With that being said, I was not disappointed at all. Most of the negative reviews this movie is getting is from raging nerds who say it's not as good as the book (are they ever)?) This is a great and entertaining movie, I absolutely recommend ignoring the raging nerds and go watch it.The movie is awsome i would like to make you the next movie please this is movie they can bring new things because is bazed in gameGeeks rejoice. Spielberg is back to form!! I was privileged to see Ready Player One last night and I still can't stop smiling about it. It's very strange to feel this energised after a film and I've not felt like this since Avatar. I can honestly say with hand on heart that for me, that was the best cinematic experience I've had in years. Oh my God, it's a wonderful piece of filmmaking. Not only are there so many references to geek culture including films and TV shows we all love and hold dear but the overall story, pacing, character development, FX and score are simply perfect. Spielberg is in total command here and flexing his muscles. There's many imitators to his throne (remain nameless) but no one can touch him when he's doing what he does best. There's not one single scene in RP1 that felt flat or shouldn't be there and everything flows so perfectly the 2 hrs and 40 mins flies by. I'm still smiling over one scene that made me lose my mind. Lol. 
If you can find fault with RP1 you cannot be a film lover but please don't even try to find fault with it. Just go on and let this stunning and fun and loving piece of cinema wash over you. You'll be glad you did!!!!"Ready Player One" was first a sci-fi novel written by Ernest Cline, published in 2011. Warner Bros. saw so much potential in this novel, they bought the rights for its film version a full year before it was even published. Cline adapted his own book into a script, with the assistance of veteran screenwriter Zak Penn. With Steven Spielberg signing on to direct in 2015, this film had all the ingredients for a blockbuster film.It is 2045. Wade Watt was an orphaned young man who lived in the "Stacks," a dystopian slum neighborhood in Columbus, Ohio. Like everyone else at that time, Wade spent his days going inside the OASIS, a virtual world where people can do anything they desire. As his avatar Parzival, Wade wanted to win the game challenge left by the late OASIS inventor James Halliday -- where anyone who can win three keys leading to an Easter Egg hidden somewhere in the OASIS will inherit full ownership of the Halliday's invention. I first saw lead actor Tye Sheridan in 2015 in two thematically diverse films like "Scout's Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse" (MY REVIEW) and "Dark Places" (MY REVIEW). He then made a strong impression as the young Cyclops in "X-Men: Apocalypse" (2016). His role here as Wade Watts is bound to launch this young 21-year old actor into super-stardom. Although half of the time, we see him as his avatar Parzival, Sheridan ably carried the whole film on his shoulders in both the action and drama components of his role. His group of friends in the OASIS were a diverse bunch of very skilled video game geeks. Lena Waithe played Helen Harris, whose OASIS identity Aech was a musclebound male techie and Wade's best friend. Win Morisaki and Philip Zhao play Japanese gamers Toshiro and Akihide whose avatars were samurai Daito and ninja Shoto respectively. Olivia Cooke played Samantha Cook, a rebel activist in real life and Wade's cyber crush Art3mis virtually. Although the book does not have a follow-up, it does not seem impossible if we see this group again in a future sequel for further adventures of The High Five.Mark Rylance was not easily recognized in his unkempt long-haired geek make-up as the eccentric James Halliday, the timid genius who developed a virtual world to escape the loneliness of the real world. Simon Pegg played Halliday's only friend and business partner Ogden Morrow, who later became estranged due to their divergent philosophies. Veteran character actor Ben Mendehlson played the main antagonist character Nolan Sorrento, CEO of the Innovative Online Industries or IOI, manufacturers of virtual reality hardware. He hired an entire army of virtual warriors in order to win Halliday's Easter Egg in order for IOI to gain control of the whole OASIS. There was so much subtle tongue-in-cheek humor in his portrayal of a ruthless character. T.J. Miller stole scenes as virtual mercenary i-R0k whom Sorrento hired to do his virtual mayhem. This film was so much fun to watch with all the pop culture references that abound in it. You'd need repeated watching of this film to catch all those little juicy details hidden in the scenes and the dialogue. You will see King Kong, Mecha-Godzilla, Gundam, the Iron Giant in all their glory, and catch glimpses of the Batmobile, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Tony Manero's disco moves and many more. The musical soundtrack was steeped in 1980s pop songs, beginning with Van Halen's "Jump" from the opening scene, and citations of a-ha and Duran Duran. There were rich references to 1980s movies with mentions of names like John Hughes, Ferris Bueller and Buckaroo Banzai. Parzival's car is a DeLorean from "Back to the Future." There was entire elaborate segment dedicated to a tribute to the horror classic "The Shining" (Stanley Kubrick, 1980), in what is probably the most fun part of the whole film. Watching a film like this in 3D IMAX is very much worth the additional ticket expense. The computer-generated world of OASIS really came alive three-dimensionally for the audience as they are drawn in and immersed into what is practically what the characters were virtually seeing and experiencing in their heads. From the 1970s all the way to the 1990s, Steven Spielberg had given us some of the most engaging adventure films of all time both by young film fans and old -- "Jaws" (1974), "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" (1977), "Raiders of the Lost Ark" (1981), "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" (1982), "Jurassic Park" (1993). It is only now that Spielberg had again handled material that showed that he still had that magic touch when it comes to directing these types of films, making them connect with audiences of all generations. 10/10.Books to movies will always disappoint certain viewers, so I don't even know why people who read them watch them, because they are never happy. 
I LOVED this! As a gamer myself, I love seeing all the games come to life, but most of all, I love the story. I think it was great! I loved this movie! I will be seeing this again!NO SPOILERS - I promise.BEST VIDEO GAME THEMED FILM OF ALL TIME &
AN INSTANT CLASSIC FOREVERLet me first off state that I have not read the book prior to seeing this film. However, I enjoined the film sooo much that I am now interested in buying the book so that I can see the difference between it and the film adaption. This movie is full of nostalgia! You feel like Marty Mcfly in Back to the Future - going back in time, only in this case - a journey filled with absolute nostalgia of pop culture from the 80s and possible some early 90s. The entire time you can spot references or so called easter eggs throughout the entire film. You get that feeling of being a kid again and reliving your childhood (if you grew up in those times) on a roller coaster ride! The nostalgia is not just other things you see throughout the film but also from some of the lines the characters in the story use, their gestures, and even clothing apparel! Not to mention, the music!!! What a great choice and what better than using Van Halen's "Jump" in the trailer to let you know you're about to step back into 80s!The film displays beautiful vivid colors of non stop special effects and the action is very consistent without long dwelling scenes of nonsense found in other films. You feel like you're enjoying an absolute retro filled vibe through the movie yet it doesn't feel outdated at all - it feels modern and current with the times! It's like Tron meets Wreck it Ralph w/ a small touch of maybe say The Wizard!The film was an awesome refresher to all the recent most disappointing films in Hollywood, and that old school still has a great touch of simplicity but also powerful creativity that many film makers could learn from today, a message to film makers today - when you over complicate films or stories you tend to lose a lot of quality in the fun factor. The film is NOT overly cheesy and doesn't make you cringe or soo bad its good in examples of other films like "The Wizard", "Super Mario Bros", "Street Fighter", "Dead or Alive", "Pixels" or "Double Dragon" etc. No, this film got it right! The only thing I will say is that it did feel like they could have elaborated on some essential things that are missing from the book that people have mentioned but hey, the film is only roughly 2 hours, its not enough time to cram all of that. I could name hundreds of other films that have come out recently over the last couple years - including this year, that are absolutely terrible with plot holes, long dragging needless scenes and didn't make the best usage of a film's time. But this movie: READY PLAYER ONE did a great job in managing its time among scenes because they spent more time on the things that people wanted to see!!Not to mention, the film has a great message that its trying to get across and that is explained at the end.I enjoined the movie soo much that after seeing it the first time at a standard showing, I decided to watch it a second time in I-max! Yes it was worth paying more to see it again on the big screen!! I took my gf and she loved every bit of the film!Hope you guys found this review to be helpful!GO SEE IT!!!I must admit, I had my doubts, but RP1 is insanely good! 
I don't think I've ever had that much fun at a movie theatre, it truly was an experience. Bring your friends, or your kids, or anyone and enjoy that ride that is RP1!!!!!!Real classic movie for those gamers, that's exactly how I imagine the world is gonna be in the near future, everybody will be playing online games with VR devices. And we should be really careful because we might take less attention to our life in the real world.This movie is a must see for family. I first off never read the book, but I am part of the generation this movie is referencing toward. I had an Atari 2600, Intellivison and Colecovision. I was one of the geeks that would spend weekends playing D and D. I was into anime, cartoons and science fiction. But as with all of us, we all grow older with family and responsibilities. That said, I convinced my wife (who was never into Sci-fi or Fantasy movies) and my 12 yr daughter and 9 yr son to see this movie with no prior pre-conceptions. The result was that we absolutely loved it!In the movie the CGI graphics were amazing, my kids were glued to the screen watching all the action and effects. There were never any slow or boring parts in the CGI world. Caution: The part looking for the second key might be intense for younger kids (mine just closed their eyes). All the numerous characters and 80's references my wife and I found definitely gave us nostalgic smile and laughs during the movie.The seamless action and story of the characters in the real world was actually riveting and it felt the long movie run time went by fairly quick. I thought all the characters fitted well and not once did my family groan about a character.I know there has been some negative reviews by people who are comparing it to the book (just like the movie "Enders Game"). However, if you look at this movie as it is presented to the viewer, it is a fantastic movie! My family could not stop talking about it the last few days. I really enjoyed the ending with the final general message that Spielberg is relaying, where true life and happiness comes from. That powerful underlying message was something my kids took out of this movie, besides the absolute great storytelling.If you have kids, I strongly recommend you take them to see it!Maybe this is my firs time giving a comment on a movie, as a person who enjoy movies i just wanna say, thank you for everyone who break a sweat to make this movie, it's really satisfying, this movie is so epic, i love it so much.For film fanatics like myself, Blade Runner 2049 is a great film for people to see, regardless if they've witnessed the original or not. On the other hand, if you've never seen the original Blade Runner and are just a casual moviegoer that have thought of the promotion for this film as being an action-packed thrill ride, then I'd have to warn to stay far away from this near three hour motion picture. It's very hard to review this film without getting into specific plot details, but that's exactly what makes this film worth the price of admission alone. For nearly every reason a film fan should be excited about a movie, here is why Blade Runner 2049 is a must see as soon as possible. Before dropping you into this world with Ryan Gosling's character, there is text at the beginning that will fill you in on the history of the events in the past, but even though that information is given to you, your experience just won't be the same without having viewed the first film multiple times and remembering the emotional core of it. Set out on a mission to find something of meaning to the overall story, Ryan Gosling's character (who will remain nameless for the sake of this review) uncovers mysteries and secrets from the past, inevitably involving Rick Deckard. Quite honestly, that's the plot in a nutshell and the specifics of the film will lead to ruining your experience, so let's get technical. If not for anything else, Blade Runner 2049 benefits from some of the best cinematography I've laid my eyes on in years. From the addition of the seamlessly blended visual effects, to the mind- blowing scenery constructed by the entire art department, I have nothing but praise for this film. Whether or not you find yourself enjoying your experience, the visuals alone should have you applauding, due to their incredibly detailed nature. I personally found the overall film to be magnificent, but when certain scenes were dialogue-free and asking you to gasp at the imagery, that's exactly what I was doing, as I feel many audiences members will. Again, without giving anything away, once Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) enters the picture, the way both films sort of interconnect was brilliant in my opinion. It does justice to any loose ends that fans may have wanted in the past, as well as create a new story to gawk at in the process. With a terrifically restrained performance by Ryan Gosling, you'll find yourself sucked into this world as a fly on the wall, as he uncovers these mysteries. With the addition of Harrison Ford giving one of his most sincere and memorable performances, as well as Ana de Armas in a role that really took me by surprise, this film was casted to the nines from beginning to end. Some may complain about Jared Leto and Dave Bautista not being included as much, but I felt as though the served the story quite nicely. In the end, this movie aims to impress Sci-Fi fans across the world, but I feel as though the people who will be looking back on this as a possible classic or at least one of the best sequels ever made, are those who've had the pleasure of indulging in the greatness that is 1982's Blade Runner. I don't say this about films very often, especially when talking about sequels, but I haven't been this immersed in a theatrical experience in quite some time. This is definitely a superior film than the original, it's one of the best films of 2017, and I'll be revisiting it very soon. Blade Runner 2049 is getting a lot of praise and awards consideration from critics and filmgoers across the world, and every bit of it is deserved. Aside from being very long, this is pretty much a perfect film if you don't try to nitpick how it connects and certain questions that aren't blatantly answered. If you know what type of film you're in for, or you've at least seen the original and enjoyed it, I can't recommend this movie enough.Denis Villeneuve, you magnificent world wonder, you did it again!I have seen this film three times in the cinema, in 3D, 2D and 4DX.And one of the things i have noticed with this film, is that it's not the time in the cinema that takes up my time, It's the hours upon hours in between spent thinking about the film, that is the real time consumer. This film left such a deep and profound impact, which i cannot escape. And I've gone back to the cinema twice to be "tortured", but it's worth it.It's a dark, mysterious, grim, hopeless, sad and lonely film, set in a possible near future where the human race is hanging by their fingertips on the edge of doom. So it's quite depressing. But it's so brilliantly put together, the closest master of cinema i think of that has done something similar, is Stanley Kubrick.Many Stanley Kubrick films were also "hated" by many when they first released. "2001: A Space Odyssey" for example, which had gorgeous visuals, but felt flat and hollow for many, even professional reviewers back then. But what Kubrick did best with his films, was to create afterthought. People left the cinema feeling confused and even depressed, but the movies planted a seed which then grew for years. The original Blade Runner also accomplished this. BR2049 is no exception, this movie will without doubt live on to be interpreted, analyzed and discussed for decades to come. The story continues from the original, but stands completely on it's own, it tells a new story that directly interlink with the original, but without trying to be a copy, it's a natural continuation in the same universe. You don't have to see the original Blade Runner first, though i do recommend it, see the final cut.BR2049 has some of the most gorgeous visuals i have ever seen, and the cinematography is out of this world, there is literally no excuse not to give Roger Deakins the Oscar this time. After 13 nominations he has now knocked the ball out of the park and is this year in his own league entirely. It's confusing to look at something so gorgeous, whilst painting a picture of such a sad and lost world. It sort of collides with your senses, your eyes say it's beautiful, your mind say it's depressing. Which senses are you going to believe? What does it mean? At least don't confuse feeling depressed as a sign that this movie is bad, it's nothing wrong feeling depressed, take it in, embrace it. Then you will know how it feels to be a replicant that's trapped in a caged mind.BR2049's story happens 30 years after the original, and there is three short films on Youtube i recommend you watch. These short films describes some of what happened in between 2019 and 2049. Watching them makes it slightly easier to understand some of the things going on. But the underlying theme is the same as it was in the original. What does it mean to be human? What does it mean to have memories? What is a soul? And so on.The world has gone darker in 2049, climate is spinning out of control, almost all animals and plants have died. People are desperate and lost, law enforcement can barely keep anything together, and only a small spark can set of total disaster, which is looming just around every corner. Niander Wallace has taken over Tyrell Corp and has by the time 2049 takes place designed millions of obedient replicants that does exactly what he tells them to do. But there is one thing Wallace has not been able to perfect, and that's what the main story is all about, and Wallace will do anything in his power to get his hands on the "technology", which will result in him becoming many hundred times richer and more powerful, the sole ruler of the entire universe. He is so far gone in his mind by 2049 he actually believes he is god himself, and he calls his replicants angels.And of course he also uses replicants to do his "dirty work". In 2049 we meet his right hand "girl" Luv (Brilliantly played by Sylvia Hoeks, if there is one actor in this movie that steal the show, it's her). Luv is a "handygirl" so to speak, that perform whatever task she is set to do, with no remorse. Or is that entirely true? I can't spoil anything, but look closely at Luv's character arc. All the other actors also do an outstanding job in this film, no bad performances, but i can't talk about all of them due to the word limit in these reviews.Be prepared going to see this film, it's depressing and heavy on your mind, and it demands your full attention. It's one of those rare films who dares to challenge the audience, and by doing so, taking a huge risk, and a 155 million dollar risk at that. The film isn't perfect, but it's close, and it shows the tremendous skills of Denis Villeneuve. And those few mistakes this movie have, are probably just happy little accidents as Rob Ross would have put it. This film is very much like a painting, every stroke of the brush matters, and every little detail is carefully crafted, it takes monumental skills to pull it of.I loved this film, it's the best film I've seen all year, It is a must see, a monumental triumph of a film that's just as good (possibly even better) as the original and one of the best sequels of all time!9.7/10 - MasterpieceAnd BTW Villeneuve's next movie might be Dune, imagine if he brings Deakins and the rest of this team to make that movie. Yeah, I'm going to leave you with that thought. This is basically porn.Let me start by saying that I am a huge Denis Villeneuve fan and absolutely love every movie he made, from his breakthrough drama 'Incendies' to the action thriller 'Sicario'. But when I learned that he was going to make a sequel to Ridley Scott's iconic Blade Runner I had mixed feelings. Would he be able to live up to the expectations and make a sequel that could measure itself with the original? For this reason, I went into the cinema thinking ''This will be a great movie, I am a Villeneuve fan so I have to like it'' but that was a mistake, for once I stopped expecting and just started experiencing the film, I was enchanted by all of its visual beauty. I was wrong to doubt Villeneuve; his 'Blade Runner 2049' even succeeds in transcending in some ways the original masterpiece, especially as a visual experience. The bleak dystopian future Scott so perfectly created is even more beautiful in Villeneuve's 2049, for which a lot of credit has to be given to the brilliant director of photography Roger Deakins, who has made one of his best works (which says a lot). Every shot is brilliant, I loved every single frame and I cannot imagine that he wouldn't get nominated and win an Oscar for this phenomenal work. But also a big thumbs up has to be given to the entire effects team, for Deakins didn't do it all on his own. Deakins isn't the only mastermind at work, for the score is also beautifully done. When I learned that composer Jóhann Jóhannsson (someone who has collaborated multiple times with Villeneuve and did most of the scores for his movies) got fired I was surprised; Jóhannsson has always delivered great work, but according to Villeneuve, his score ''wasn't the right one'' for this movie for it didn't ''resemble Vangelis soundtrack for Blade Runner'' quite enough. So he got replaced by probably the best man in the business nowadays; Hans Zimmer. And as we are used to with the German composer, this was once again sublime and a great homage to the original. Zimmer's 2049 score can be compared to his Dunkirk score, in a way that it unsettles us from the first chord and just as the Second World War movie, it keeps us on the edges of ours seats, especially during the last hour.As for the people who are actually situated in front of the camera, they all play their parts very well. I was especially happy that Ryan Gosling's agent K was indeed the leading man and he did a very good job. I was slightly concerned that it would mostly be about Harrison Ford's Deckard, but luckily that wasn't the case. Nevertheless, Ford gives one of his best performances in years and after all the iconic roles he played once again in recent years (Han Solo, Indiana Jones) this is by far the best. The smaller but important roles are also noteworthy; Robin Wright's Lieutenant Joshi makes a fierce and convincing police chief, while the villain duo Jared Leto's Neander Wallace as the evil head of a corporation at the top of the new world order and his frightening hit-woman Luv (Sylvia Hoeks) are also very impressive. Last but not least, Ana de Armas is also very good as Joi, K's girlfriend (even if she does remind me a lot of Scarlet Johansson in 'Her' and slightly of Alicia Vikander in 'Ex Machina', but maybe that's something Villeneuve did that on purpose and wanted to pay homage to these recent but also very good science-fiction movies).That said, Villeneuve will receive most of the credit, as he should. For unlike most of Hollywood's blockbusters nowadays, he doesn't simply deliver us a spectacle with some nice effects or a reboot of the original, but he picks up the threads where Scott left, which was a monumental task, for the original 'Blade Runner' is one of the most impressive and iconic movies ever made. 2049 continues on the same topics raised by the original, making the sequel worth the 35-year long wait; it goes further with what was proposed in the first installment, enriching one another. It is possible that one day a third installment could be made, but that is only if any director will ever find the courage to make another 'Blade Runner', for the bar is raised incredibly high. I believe that in time, 'Blade Runner 2049' will just as the original one, grow into a cult movie, and rightfully so, for it is its own movie, but, just as the original, a visually remarkable, achingly human sci-fi masterpiece. I am not going to say more about it, because the studio has been unusually insistent in its pleas to critics and the first movie viewers not to reveal any plot points, but I am glad they did. Even if I could go on and on about the movie and the difference between replicants and humans (or is there really much of a difference, after all?) the less you know the better, because 2049 feels at its best when it surprises (which is one of Villeneuve's greatest strengths). This is a movie best experienced on the biggest screen in your cinema; trust me, it will be worth your while. As for me, I will most likely try and make some free time in my schedule for the coming days, 'cause I want to go the cinema again, guess what I'm gonna watch...Blade Runner 2049 is the sequel to the 1982 sci-fi classic Blade Runner. Directed by Denis Villeneuve (Arrival, Sicario) and once again based on Philip K. Dick's novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?, it successfully recaptures just about everything excellent about the original and is a superb sequel to one of the greatest and most important science fiction films of all time.Thirty years after the events of the first film, LAPD Officer K (Ryan Gosling) works as a Blade Runner, retiring old rogue replicants (artificial humans) hiding out around the Los Angeles area. One day while on a job, K discovers a long buried secret in the yard of a replicant which leads him on a journey to track down former Blade Runner Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford), who has been missing for decades.Featuring amazing visuals and some of the most philosophical and thought-provoking themes since the original, Blade Runner 2049 is a masterpiece of science fiction and is possibly one of the greatest sequels ever made. I was transfixed the entire time, to the point where I felt that even blinking would cause me to miss something I wanted to see. The cast was brilliant as well, especially Ryan Gosling, who does a fantastic job carrying the film as its lead actor. However, perhaps best of all, is that seeing the original is not a requirement to fully understand everything that is going on, although it would probably still help to have done so beforehand. I'm almost certain that author Philip K. Dick would be proud of this film. I know I am.I rate it a very high 9.5/10I am going to offend when I write how the original Blade Runner left me disappointed. By the end, there were too many unanswered questions for me not to feel anything but jaded. Blade Runner 2049 on the other hand, left me riveted. Ryan Gosling is not exactly synonymous with action films, though from the opening scene, he proves himself to be a powerful, heroic figure. Unlike the original, which toyed with the idea that Deckard was a replicant, 2049 adamantly admits to K's (Gosling) status almost immediately. Though I could criticise Blade Runner 2049 for its anti-climatic finish, it does three things brilliantly. First, the film answers the burning questions the original refused to dignify. Secondly, the film captures the essence of the original's universe. The world feels lived in; where technology and the metal skeletons of architecture blend; where clear demographics and political allegiances exist, an 'us versus them' feel emerging that mirrors the world we live in today. Thirdly, the film immerses the viewer instantly with not just the mystery of its story, but with its score. The sound is thunderous and impactful, exploding across the screen with tremendous effect, while the raw, visceral musical score accompanies this perfectly, serenading us with themes that don't just resemble, in part, the original, but a unique cyber punk style too.The effects are phenomenal, from the fluctuating holographic interfaces, to the flying cars; from the impressive explosions to the dystopian backwaters which surround the spurring metropolis; the effects satisfyingly developing an imperfect future. Although the effects are a necessity in Blade Runner 2049, never does the feature become over-reliant on them, the film's leads been the driving force of this cinematic achievement.The film's introduction sees K completing his manhunt of Sapper Morton (Dave Bautista), an older model replicant, who has found some semblance of peace. K however finds himself caught up in an even bigger investigation, the ramifications of which could be dire, his lieutenant, Joshi (portrayed effectively by Robin Wright), spurring her infallible asset on. It is here we are introduced to Jared Leto's Niander Wallace, the mastermind behind the new generation replicants. Despite been in only a few scenes, his calculated malice sends cold tones throughout the feature, and is further delivered upon by his assistant, Luv (Sylvia Hoecks), whose lack of decency for human life is frighteningly human.Much like the original, Blade Runner 2049 questions what makes us human, and why in the future we would attempt to differentiate ourselves from our creation, when they begin to adopt our traits. Though Gosling's K appears robotic in his movements at times, in his relationships, especially that with virtual intelligence Joi (the lovely Ana De Armas), we witness how human he truly is, their romance been as inventive as it is beautiful. The film takes itself very seriously when demonstrating the poignancy of machines sharing a connection, though the themes of slavery and child-labour, despite still been major topics today, are only briefly discussed.Acting greats like the always entertaining Lenny James, Hiam Abbas, and Edward James Olmos (reprising his role from the original) briefly appear, and despite portraying characters with barely enough screen time to be truly appreciated, their performances nonetheless propel the narrative forward. Furthermore, though Harrison Ford receives second billing, it is not until much later into the film that we are blessed by his on screen presence, his version of Deckard retaining the old 'shoot first ask questions later' routine of his character, yet being deeply melancholic and sympathetic. Blade Runner 2049 is at its core, a futuristic romance, about the importance of freedom, sacrifice and family; a film that gives me hope for the future of Hollywood. This feature is possibly the best film I have seen this year, Denis Vileneuve again proving himself to be an outstanding director.This is an amazing piece of work. It has incredible artistry. As a visual exercise, it is breathtaking. I thought the original was way ahead of its time in creating a milieu, a dystopian world, full of disease and commercialism. Given the wonders of modern times, the world where this takes place is nonpareil. Ryan Gosling is out to eliminate the old replicants because there is a secret which needs to kept. The hierarchy is doing what it can to keep a world event from eliminating the awful world they have created. Goslin has memories, but they could have been implanted in him, so he is continually torn by dealing with details that may or may not be true. He needs to return to the place of his childhood. Harrison Ford reprises his original role of Deckard, now old and living in the ruins of Las Vegas. Evil is in control, but there is hope. The final scenes are incredible and puzzling, but it is a great challenge to the viewer.From an original 1982 theatrical showing to a Beta videotape, to a standard laserdisc, to a deluxe Criterion letterbox laserdisc, to a DVD, to a high-definition blu-ray, Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" has been viewed countless times in the original voice-over version, the European cut, the director's cut, and the final cut over the 35 years that followed its release. All those memories have not been lost in time, like tears in rain, but rather are indelible images from one of the greatest science fiction films. Thus, any thought of a sequel evokes mixed emotions. Despite the involvement of Ridley Scott, the results could be another disaster like "More American Graffiti," or an undistinguished but palatable followup like "2010," or a companion masterpiece like "The Godfather Part II." Fortunately, "Blade Runner" cultists can breathe a sigh of relief; while "Blade Runner 2049" may fall short of the unqualified masterpiece status of "The Godfather" sequel, at least on an initial viewing, the film enhances and builds upon, rather than diminishes, the original; however, only time will determine if "BR2049" will enjoy the same repeatability as the first film and join it as a timeless classic.Fresh from his outstanding work on "Arrival," director Denis Villeneuve helmed "BR2049" with a steady hand and attention to detail, which were likely guided or inspired by Ridley Scott. Set thirty years ahead of the original film, Roger Deakins's career-best cinematography captures a future that is colder and bleaker than that portrayed by Jordan Cronenweth's original work, which has a warmer tone. However, Deakins's cooler hues are appropriate for 2049 Los Angeles, where snow has replaced rain and holographs rule rather than neon. Warm or cool, the atmospherics in both films are equally dazzling. The aurals are as captivating as the visuals; the haunting music by Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch evokes the original Vangelis score without plagiarizing.The casting is also superb with Ryan Gosling spot on as K, the blade runner whose job, like Deckard's in the original film, is to retire renegade replicants. While the role may lack showy moments for an actor, Gosling's tall lean figure and enigmatic face create an image possibly more enduring than that of Harrison Ford in the original. Both Ford as an aging Rick Deckard and Edward James Olmos as a retired Gaff return to link the sequel to the first film. Among the newcomers, Robin Wright is well cast as Gosling's deadly serious, deathly pale Lieutenant Joshi of the LAPD. Ford and Olmos are not the only returnees, an origami figure and a small wood carving wordlessly connect the two Blade Runner films, and implanted memories, flying cars, outsized advertising, and transparent plastic raincoats also have encores."Blade Runner" cultists are best served seeing the sequel knowing little; the story unfolds as a policeman sent in pursuit of a mystery that expands upon threads in the original movie. Tthe film's length is arguably excessive, especially for those unfamiliar with the original, and "Blade Runner" novices may be left behind by a leisurely narrative that prizes visuals above action. However, "Blade Runner 2049" is that rarity of movie sequels, a film that enhances and elevates the original, yet stands on its own as a masterful film. The passage of time will determine if "Blade Runner 2049" and "Blade Runner" become the inseparably coupled films that "The Godfather" and "The Godfather Part II" have become, but all the elements are in place.Beautiful image, very good acting, good story with powerful symbolism and bad music. That sums up the movie. For excessive verbosity and self-important attitude you can read other reviews below. Stayed true to the original in many ways and that's important for fans of the original BR. Remember that the original BR had a pretty cold reception in the early 80s. Who knows how this one will be perceived a decade from now. And yes, I do miss Vangelis; the movie really came to life when they played pieces of his original music. Zimmer just didn't seem to understand the project.Those who complain that the movie is long and slow clearly have the attention span of a 5-year-old and should probably stick to Fast & Furious.Blade Runner 2049 could have been more but it could have been a lot less too. Thankfully enough it wasn't. I'm not ecstatic, but not disappointed at all and I realize that my expectations have been incredibly high. I will go see it a second time for sure.EDIT Oct 13 after seeing the movie a second time (in 3D). I'd like to upgrade my rating from 8 to 10 if y'all don't mind. Blade Runner 2049 is a 150-million-dollar gift to a small but dedicated fan group of the original movie. Thank you for that gift. I don't think there's any sequel in the history of cinema that stays true to the original to the point where even the tiniest details - noticeable only by hardcore fans who've watched BR 1982 thirty times - are being transplanted into this new film. And, no, BR 2049 did not make Blade Runner mainstream as some complain here. On the contrary, it kept its secrets open only to the same group of initiates, with the possibility of others from the younger generation to join, if they have what it takes. As many of the reviews below testify this movie still remains a mystery to most people out there, whose ability to digest abstract ideas is unfortunately very low.This is my updated review as I feel I did not do the movie justice and I have also increased my score of the movie...
I was one of the lucky ones who got to see an early preview.... And the more that time passes by and the more the story of Blade Runner 2049 sinks in the more the gravity of the story hits me... First of all it really was not what I was expecting... I had watched many trailers and interviews and I feel like I had done quite a successful job in staying away from spoilers.... 
And....
Without spoiling it for anyone else and giving too much away.... Whatever you think you know about the film... well, forget it.... You're way off the mark... 
The best advice I can give though is however dark you think Blade Runner 2049 is.... It's darker than that.... It's much darker than the original... And the original was quite dark.... The cinematography is beautiful... it really is stunning... but the film itself.... did I mention it was dark??.. I think this is amplified (excuse the pun) by the movie's soundtrack... The work of Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch was for me... at times.... malevolent... And perhaps if the music wasn't so dark and hostile the movie itself wouldn't come across like that also... But then what do I know?... That's not to say the music is bad... It was for me.... like I said malevolent.... As for the movie itself... Again without giving too much away.... It's a story of loneliness.... A story of wanting nothing more than to be accepted... It's a story of desperate hope and anguish... Wanting for a better life.... Replicants being more human than humans, being more perfect than humans.... but not being human and wanting nothing more than to be human... even for all the faults the human race has and the perfection of the replicant race... Still the desperate hope and anguish of wanting to be human.... Are you keeping up??... And this whole time living in a dystopian world.... where the future of the human race is a lost cause and Mother Earth has never looked so heartbroken.... 
Speaking of heartbreak... again without spoiling the story... be prepared... the whole story is a story of heartbreak and literally at every turn Ryan Gosling is having his heart broken.... whether that be his relationships with others or his life in general... For me Ryan Gosling has a knack of playing the lonely leading role... and he has done this on a few occasions now.... both in the movies - "Drive" and "Only God Forgives".... which I hope he doesn't end up being typecast in... but saying that... I don't think there is an actor alive today who can play the role of being totally isolated from the rest of the world better than Ryan Gosling.
Blade Runner 2049 did have some nice surprises... which again... I won't spoil... 
In closing.... Ryan Gosling is excellent... It is Harrison Ford's best work for years.... This overall review may sound like I'm being negative about Blade Runner 2049... But I'm not... I'm really not...I should also mention the performances from the female leading acts in the show. Ana de Armas, Robin Wright and Sylvia Hoeks are all very, very good and each and every one of them. Including all the crew should be proud of such a beautiful sequel. As for where it stands next to the original... I never thought I'd hear myself saying this but I think as years pass by it will stand next to the original Blade Runner quite easily.... It's not the same movie as the original but it is as good as the original in its own right...
I think Ryan Gosling said it best in an interview
The film is incredible... it's.... haunting...
With this in mind a few days have passed now and I am still left with a feeling of being haunted by Blade Runner 2049.... 
So much so that I want to see it again and I will go and see it again... and again... and again....
Just like I did the original...
Blade Runner 2049 "is" incredible....
It's...
HauntingTo be honest with the reader of this review, I had never seen the first Blade Runner however it had been near the top of my "must- watch" science fiction movie list in my head for a very long while now and I decided to watch this movie expecting an exciting sci-fi blockbuster with action-packed car chases rolling in all over the place. Surprisingly this film was not the "good action-packed popcorn fun for the whole family" that I was expecting and the film actually takes the slower, more patient and realistic approach with it's storytelling rather than a lot of car chases and rushed editing. This is a very similar film to the likes of A Fistful Of Dollars because the main character, Ryan Gosling, resembles the personality of Clint Eastwood's character in A Fistful Of Dollars, the musical score carries away the movie like A Fistful Of Dollars, the pacing remains slow however manages successfully to keep our interest like A Fistful Of Dollars and the film carries an incredibly dark, bleak tone much like A Fistful Of Dollars. I'm glad I saw this movie earlier than most people because then I can write a good review for this movie so that more people can consider watching it before the negative remarks start coming in. Before those come in, let me remind you that this movie is pure, bleak, raw and dark science-fiction to the core that goes with the dedication to telling a story rather than the dedication to kill as much people as possible. It goes with the more slow approach which some people may find a bad thing but others like me will find a good thing. But I think something all viewers will respect here in this movie is the intense cinematography that is common in a lot of other Denis Villeneuve movies and the fascinating special effects as well as the subtle performances by Ryan Gosling who understands the character he is playing and doesn't overdo it. Ryan Gosling's character is an interesting one because although he is emotionless and straight- forward we, as the viewers, can detect that there is more to this character and throughout the movie we slowly start to see a bit more of his own self. Blade Runner 2049 focuses mostly on the main character and if you are going to see this movie expecting Harrison Ford to have a lot of screen time that is similar to the length of Ryan Gosling's screen time, you're very wrong because Harrison Ford only plays a minor role in this movie which is, although important, not the main focus of the movie. Even if someone can view this movie as a science-fiction movie, someone can also view this movie as a character piece instead depending on their preference because of how much dedicated focus is on the main character.When the movie was finished and all was done, despite the reasonably long runtime I still felt that the movie should of been even longer. Because I don't like to be sentimental I gave myself thirty seconds and then I got up from my chair and walked out as the credits rolled despite me still being in a very deep emotional zone however I want you to know that the emotional zone was almost impossible to get out of. As I was walking out I still saw a person watching the credits in his chair and I understood that he was also in a very deep emotional state and people usually do that so that they look cool to their friends, but the person I saw really was in an emotional zone - I could tell. I could also tell that I wasn't the only one that enjoyed this movie in the room and I was relieved because I was a bit afraid that people wouldn't like it because of it's more slower approach than other science-fiction movies. I was incredibly glad that someone else understood the style of the movie.I'm not going to spoil any more of the movie but I will leave a last note to say that Blade Runner 2049 is an incredibly dark and intense movie that is probably one of the best science-fiction movies I've seen that has been made in the last five years so it very much is a masterpiece. If a futuristic version of A Fistful Of Dollars sounds bloody good to you, then you'd be killing yourself if you didn't pay this movie a visit at your nearest cinema. In my personal opinion, the film was most definitely a masterpiece and it has me even more excited for seeing the original starring Harrison Ford in the main role.Once upon a time (and not that long ago), in the vivid, fertile imagination of author J.K. Rowling, a character was born:  A boy.  A young boy named Harry, who was destined to become one of the most beloved characters to emerge from a work of fiction in a long, long time, and was quickly embraced by young and old alike in all corners of the world.  And now, thanks to the magic of the cinema, Harry and his companions fairly leap from the pages of the novel to the silver screen in the phenomenal motion picture, `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,' directed by Chris Columbus and written for the screen by Steve Kloves.  Indeed, Harry Potter is a boy, but not just any boy; because Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) just happens to be a wizard.  But, orphaned as a baby, Harry has been raised by his Aunt Petunia (Fiona Shaw) and Uncle Vernon Dursley (Richard Griffiths), who never let him in on the fact that he was, well-- what he was.  It seems that Petunia didn't approve of her own sister-- Harry's mother-- because she was a witch; nor of Harry's father because he, too, was a wizard.  When Harry turns eleven, however, the secret is out of the bag when-- after some strange goings-on-- a giant of a man named Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) shows up at the Dursley's door to collect Harry and take him off to `Hogwarts,' a school for wizards and witches and all who would perfect the gift with which they were born:  The gift of magic!  And from the moment Harry boards the train (from station platform nine-and-three-quarters) that will take him to his destiny, the magic is alive-- for Harry, and for the audience, as well; and it's a journey you will never forget.	What a monumental undertaking to even think of attempting-- translating and transferring this passionately beloved work from novel to the screen. Because to millions of people, Harry and his companions are so much more than merely characters in a book; these are characters for whom people have made a special place in their hearts, which puts a great burden of trust upon the man who would attempt to bring them to life.  And Chris Columbus, it turns out, was the right man for the job.  More than rising to the occasion and with some magic of his own-- and a lot of help from an extraordinarily talented cast and crew-- Columbus has delivered a film that is not only true to the story, but true to the very spirit that makes Harry Potter so special.  The special effects are absolutely beyond astounding, and Columbus, with a keen eye for detail and without missing a beat, keeps it all on track and moving right along at a pace and with a sense of timing that makes this an absorbing, thoroughly entertaining and enjoyable experience from beginning to end.  From the opening frame you get the feeling that you're about to have a singular experience; and you're right. Because you've just entered the world of Harry Potter.  And it's magic.	Even having the best special effects do not a great movie make, however, and this film is no exception; what catapults this one to the top are the performances, beginning with Radcliffe, whom you quickly forget is an actor playing a part.  And that about sums up what kind of a job this young man does here.  Without question, he IS Harry Potter, physically and emotionally, and when he waves his wand and does what he does, you believe it.  A wonderful performance by a gifted actor who has a great career ahead of him; without question the perfect choice for the role of Harry.	Also turning in excellent performances are Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley, and Emma Watson as Hermione.  As with Radcliffe, the casting here could not have been more perfect.  Grint is `Everyboy,' with that special glint in his eye and a manner that makes him especially endearing.  And the spunky Watson adds some real sparkle to the film as Hermione, the one with the sense of urgency and the wherewithal to get things done; a real role model for young girls everywhere.	It's obvious that a lot of care went into the casting of this film, and it's a big part of why it is so successful.  Richard Harris, as Headmaster Albus Dumbledore; Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagall; John Hurt as Mr. Ollivander; Ian Hart as Professor Quirrell.  Exceptional performances from one and all, with two that stand out as especially memorable:  Robbie Coltrane, who readily conveys the fact that Hagrid's heart is of a size that matches that of the man; and Alan Rickman, as Professor Severus Snape, deliciously droll while demonstrating menace through the fine art of articulation.  	The additional supporting cast includes John Cleese (Nearly Headless Nick), Warwick Davis (Professor Flitwick), Julie Walters (Mrs. Weasley), Zoe Wanamaker (Madame Hooch), Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy), Harry Melling (Dudley) and David Bradley (Filch).  From Rowling's imagination to the written page to real life (albeit via the movie screen), `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone' is a triumph many times over; a unique film of truly universal appeal, the likes of which is as rare as, well-- a sorcerer's stone.  A film in which adults and children alike will rejoice, because it speaks to the heart in a universal language of life, love, experience and imagination; a film that states unequivocally that magic exists-- as long as there's a single child with a single dream somewhere in the world, and real wizards like J.K. Rowling, Chris Columbus, Steve Kloves and every member of this wonderful cast and crew around to bring it to life as they have here.  An instant classic in every sense of the word, this is truly a film for the ages.  A remarkable achievement, this IS the magic of the movies.  I rate this one 10/10.There's nothing like the first in a series, is there? The introduction to the characters, the immersion into the fictional world, the first time you laugh, cry, care, and fear for someone's safety can never be repeated. No matter how many Harry Potter movies they crank out, or if they ever remake them in the future, none will come close to the wonderful first film, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.I'm sure everyone has their own childhood memories of reading the Harry Potter books that they'll tell their grandkids about, but I'll never forget going to see the first movie in the theaters. The lights dimmed, John Williams's perfect theme played its first notes as Richard Harris walked down Privet Drive, and everyone in the theater was transported to another world. John Williams's numerous themes, all wonderful and a personification of the wizarding world, took the early movies to another level. As other composers tried their hands at the later films, that quality was missing. There's something truly special about going to see this movie on the big screen, and while the "magical" qualities might not all be credited to the music, it's certainly one of them.Welcome to the world of Harry Potter, where if you're a ten-year-old kid who doesn't fit in, you might get a letter delivered by an owl telling you you have magical powers and should go to a special school to hone them. Believe it or not, there are people who watch this movie without reading the books, so a bit of description is necessary. Obviously the stars of the show are the children, who were selected out of millions of other kids to be able to memorize lines, not look in the camera, endear themselves to worldwide audiences, and hopefully act. Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint, and Tom Felton are so cute and tiny in this first movie, you'll undoubtedly find yourself re-watching it as the years pass just to see them as kids again. I always marvel that child actors train themselves not to look in the camera, so even if their performances aren't perfect, I cut them slack, knowing firsthand how hard it is. And these kids had to dress in funny costumes, recite incantations without laughing, and pretend they're looking at things that were added in post production!Usually, in kids' movies, there's a grown-up or two who add to the cast and make the adult audience members feel less silly that they're watching it. In the Harry Potter movies, everyone wanted to be in them! Throughout the series you'll see a host of familiar faces as "guest stars" but the regulars will make special places in your heart. Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, and Robbie Coltrane are household names for little kids, because they're so convincing as the kindhearted Dumbledore, the wizened but sentimental McGonagall, the endlessly mimicable Snape, and the jolly Hagrid, kids today can't imagine they've had any other career prior to these movies! Is there any kid who doesn't immediately attribute the word "earwax" to Richard Harris, point out striped cats as "Maggie Smith cats", mumble "Shouldn't have said that," when they make a mistake, or practice putting pauses in their sentences like Alan Rickman?First movies are so special, since they introduce audiences to a world that will hopefully capture their attention for however many more movies will be made. In J.K. Rowling's fantasy world, there's so much to fall in love with; and in the film adaptation you can really believe it exists. Seeing the Hogwarts structure for the first time creates a special feeling in your heart that can only be recaptured by watching the movie again or going to see the next in the series. The Great Hall, Quidditch, the Sorting Hat, talking portraits, flying lessons, selecting the perfect wand-all these Harry Potter moments are perfectly recreated in the first of a series that saw an entire generation grow up buying toy wands and trying Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans.Each installment has its special moments, and this first one has quite a few, even outside of the exposition. If a three-headed dog doesn't immediately conjure the name "Fluffy," chess pieces have never come to life in your imagination, you don't laugh at the idea of counting your birthday presents, and you don't know what Richard Harris wants most in the world, you're missing out on one of the great joys in life. If somehow 2001 passed you by without a trip to the movie theaters Thanksgiving weekend, go find yourself a copy of this iconic, lovely movie.This movie is a delight for those of all ages.I have seen it several times and each time I am enchanted by the characters and magic.The cast is outstanding, the special effects delightful, everything most believable.You have young Harry, a mistreated youth who is "Just Harry" to himself. And then, he embarks on a most beautiful adventure to the Hogwarts school.He meets Ron and Hermione, one an adorable mischief maker, the other a very tense and studious young lady.Together, the trio try to set things right in the school.It's the ultimate fantasy for young and old.When I knew the film was being made, I thought how could they make a film that would be up to the standard of such a perfect book. But they did! Sure they missed bits out but they captured the essence of the book brilliantly. One member of the cast was mis-cast for me but my children disagreed.I even found myself believing they were flying and not wondering "how are they doing that?" So 10 out 10 Warner Brothers. Bring on the next one!When I first saw this movie I was ten years old, the same age the characters where supposed to be. My older cousin and her boyfriend took me to the Mall to watch a movie. Back then I wasn't going very often to the cinema, due to the fact that my parents didn't have time and I wasn't old enough to go alone to any theater. The movie captivated my attention like nothing before and I became so interested in anything that had to do with this movie, and I heard that it was made after a book. I didn't had Internet back then, but I found the first book at a library and convinced my mother to buy it. That's how I became obsessed with reading and writing.I may say, "Harry Potter" affected me in a positive way, because after I finished reading all the published books back then, I wanted to read more books and I must thank J.K.Rowling for her genius, if it wasn't for her books, I might have been right now an average seventeen year old, at some party, drinking my brains out. This movie got me to the right path in life.I know, you probably don't care about my story, you readers only want to hear about what I thought of the movie, but I believe my story can influence you if you are a parent and thinking whether or not you should let your children watch this film. My advice is yes and I have presented my reason above.The story is simply magical and "Hogwarts" is a genius invention. The movie is done well, almost perfect. It's the closest to the book they can get and it's an amazing experience for any kid.Harry Potter movies are one of my favorite ones, and I can watch them several times. I watch it every time it's on TV, and there is one channel that shows all the series of this incredible movie every time after the new year. I also want to mention that even my family members like to watch it with me. My grandmother especially likes it. This fact indicates that this movie is interesting not only for children but also for elderly people and it's not weird for me. There are so many things going on in this movie, so many secrets and beautiful scenes. Plus a big thanks for the graphics of the movie, everything is very realistic. For example, the mermaids or the dinosaurs. Moreover, there is a massive animatronic creature in this movie- spider and after watching the movie google about it and found out that Rupert Grint, the actor who plays Ron Weasley, one of the main characters, is afraid of spiders just s much as his character is, and said it was easily the scariest scenes to film. I'm scared of spiders too, and I know how it feels when you see them. Thus, I really appreciate the job that this actor did. In my opinion, despite the fact that he had to play again a guy, who was scaring from spiders, it is again hard to play the role by looking at the creature that gives you goosebumps. Thus, this movie not only good in graphics, but also the cast.I watch this movie again in 2019, because i think it was an amazing movie n i miss the point of the movie when i watch it as a child. I only focusing on the magic thing.
Its good for a children to watch this movie i think, it tells not only about friendship, but also family, bravery and sincerity.
Watching this also makes me remember my childhood days, it bring back all memories i cherish the most.
really love itA legendary beginning to a legendary franchise. The story of the film is great. Each role fits perfectly with the actor. Has great CGI and visuals. Can't stress this enough... go watch it.In many ways the best of the franchise so far. I was free from any anticipation for this film being not overly impressed by the fantasy genre. This film redeems itself above other sorcery films with its old fashioned English ambiance being greater than arch and portentous fantasy.Unlike other fantasy films the directors face the challenge of a highly critical audience of children who are more familiar with the books that they are & waiting expectantly for their favorite part of the book and would tear the director to ices if he was there in their anger such omissions. Any changes in the film would be seen as desecrating the fantasy world that Rowling created. In the production of the first film this was a contention in preproduction. As a faithful rendering of the book squeezed into a two-and-a-half hour period, the movie is beautifully done as far as special effects go. The actors although experienced are let down by the younger cast not being trained and coming from a stage school background with the exception of the lead show the typical stiltedness of such training. Daniel Radcliffe has been accused of being too subdued in the title role but as he becomes older he character does become more sombre. Alos it allows the other characters oddities to shine more clearly in contrast to his quieter style.The Harry Potter film series are the best magical movies to date. The movies talk on Harry's parents, and their struggle with Voldemort, as well as touch on Harry's past, present and future as a wizard. The acting throughout all movies are phenomenal, with performances from Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson and Rupert Grint. No one could've played these roles better in my opinion. My personal favourite is Chamber of Secrets!Most awesome film I had watched that year and still is good to watch again best film of my childhood and is full of some good action scenes throughoutYou know that part of being human where you need things to matter, a lot. Theres no escape from it. This movie does it for me and can satisfy anyone else. Strong dramatic decision made in this one. Powerful time stunning move when Seeker climbs on the bars of a cesna plane and salutes walking by people who don't know who he is.A movie about cool cars that turn into freaken robots! Add in alot of humour, a dash of romance and some great action scenes. What more do you need?This was the first film in the transformers franchise and the one that is concidered the best of them and like Michael bay's previous films before this here he takes the has to figures and makes it into a sci fi film it has army rangers working at a military base and a deception comes and attacksMeanwhile later Sam played by Shia labeof is a school kid who trlls about his great grandfather archibald and how he explored the arctic circle and here the film has a decent storyline and unlike the sequels this one was the most coherent of them all while I find the first two sequels enjoyable and the fourth and fifth installments not good and the worst of the series this one is the best and the most enjoyable and interesting the film also has Megan fox who plays mikaela she does a mediocre performance but that doesn't effect the film it's still a god sci fi film mothers it's like in ET and like how Steven Spielberg made it charming with a beard here Michael bay makes his own and he killed it he captured it brilliantly a lot of series of events happen like when all the other autobots arrive and the leader optimus talks how they are trying to stop the deceptions and it also tells that there was some of the all sparks cordinantes on the glasses that have ended up in the possession of witwicky and they also explain that archibald accidentally reactivated megaton.Later more charachters come such as agent Simmons of sector seven played by John turturro who gives a fine performance and they capture bumblebee who was the first auto or who came to earth and was sams car the other autobots, ironhode, ratchet, and the leader optimus prime later continue their mission then when all the humans including Sam, makaela and the other team members find megaton Dorsey up he then awakens and signals all the deceptions and then escapes.Later a battle in Chicago happens with autobots fighting the deceptions and as you se this is were the biggest action is done and Michael bay gives his best directing performance and like I also said he is one of the best action directors he is the Martin Scorsese of action movies and he directs it well I ca easily tell what is going on and in the end megaton is defeated when Sam is tasked to push the cube into optimus chest so he can sacrifice himself but instead pushes it into megatroms chest and later the film ends with autobots back togeather and this is how they started to work with humans and defend the planet.This is among the best summer blockblusters of all time and is among bay's best movies I get how he has been loved, admired and praised by moviegoers and film critics and here it's among his greatest directing debuts this film deserved oscars for best director( bay , best picture, best screenplay, best sound editing, best sound mixing, best visual effects, best cinematography, best film editing, best original score and best original song
I would definetly ask people to check it out if they want a good movie and pure entertainment.Transformers is without doubt one of the best summer blockblusters of 2007. it has great character development and a decent storyline it start out with millitary men on a plane landing to their base were lieutenant lenox does his job and then scypes with his family and their newborn child, as well as talking with the leader of the army rangers surviving team, then an unidentified helicopter which turns to be a decepticon named blackout who was persuaded by his scorponok shows up and the men target it to step down but then forms and makes a cybertronic sound or call it a sound wave, cause deceptions use it when they prepare an attack or doing, then it just transformers and then the soldiers begin firing on it but they don't stop it, it just keeps destroying and attacking the base destroying planes and, causing massive explosions just so he can hack into the quatar base but then fails to find the information and network about the all spark. meanwhile it also opens with prime talking how cybertron became corrupt and that the autobots who are the good transformers were once in the same alliance as the deceptions who are the bad and evil transformers, they then became involved in a civil war together which drove them apart and becoming arch enemies with each other by megatron seeking his glory for the cube, Optimus then tries to make the all spark jettisoned. later then parts of the spark which are written in a mysterious form are vanished in the underground of an ice which a big great captain who's name is archibald whitwicky the great great grandfather of an autistic kid sam witwicky discovers and finds it next to a fallen megatron whom he accidentally activates and then dies from the loud deadly sound of when a cybertronian awakens, later sam witcicky himself talks about his great great grandfather in school, where he kind of loses control and the part of this major blockbluster and well made action sci fi teaches about how it is like to be autistic and how it can be solved like in other movies like rain man and amelie which also have stuff about autistic people, though this movie is mostly good at showing how a very fine sci fi action film with lots of well done cgi can be made, witwicky also meets up with a hot girl named mikaela played by megan fox who is to be his then girlfriend. witwicky asks her if he can take him out and she agrees they communicate together in a fine manner even though some things in hand can get very annoying. sam here has alot of annnoying acts when he yells out, and especially in a scene where he thinks someone stole his car while that car turns out to be the autobot bumblebee which i think is probably one of the best and most well developed character's and autobot's in the films, but then witwicky gets tricked into making the police think that he is the thief and that when sam called the police saying someone stole his car they find out that the man who called them is the thief while he isn't and sam tries to tell them that he is not the thief and that the thief got away but the police still yell and tell him to put his arms up. later in the pentagon secretary of defense john Keller played by jon voight does a big investigation about the attack that happened like a detective, he portrays him really well even though he speaks like he is not serious but actually is. Then there is another scene and moment where a mini deception named frenzy who unlike other giant transformer robots transforms into a radio. he hacks into the air force one, and downloads all the information about the files of the glasses, the workers of the control find that the system is being hacked and try to look for the frenzy but when they find him they lose the battle over him, frenzy kills all who stand in his way and then is picked up by the police car deception barricade, and which inside the car there is a hologram of a man driving the car which the transformers also use in disguise when transforming into vehicles so they can blend in from the humans noticing or recognizing their presence, there is also a scene where to people named maggie and glen are arrested after they discovered messages saying project iceman, sector 7 and capt witwicky himself which are all classified. then sam is attacked by the police decepticon barricade who asks him if he is username 217, sam replies he is but is still attacked , then sam runs into mikaela and they both run until then bumblebee fights barricade and then frenzy comes and sam attacks frenzy and breaks him to pieces where then a piece of frenzy transformers into a cell phone, then mikaela herself and sam discover that the car is a transformer suspecting it as an alien they find out that it talks and they go for a ride with it later at the final hour all of the autobots arrive to earth as protoforms and they all use their scanning devices to scan the vehicles and transform into them, sam and mikaela then meet the autobots and their leader optimus prime and tells them about their story of how they were betrayed and that they came to their planet earth declaring it unknown to them but eventually announce it as their home. Optimus introduces them the names of the other autobots and then says that they need help to get to the all spark which is the cube before the decepticons and their evil leader megatron get to it. they then roll out to sam's house where they try to hide from his parents but then there is a very funny yet weird scene where sam's pet dog mojo peas on autobot ironhide's legs and the dog gets criticised by sam after being told that he pissed on ironhide. then later the agents of secter seven led by simmons played by john turturro capture them and then find out about the robots, then there is another funny scene where bumblebee urinates on simmons. they get in persuade and then the other agents then capture bumblebee. later the charachters, lennox, epps, sam, mikkaela and also maggie , glen and the autobots later reunite at hoover dam and are led by many defenses including kellar, there at the dam bumblebee if being frozen and the autobots led by optimus prime still do their duty in order to save bubmblbee, and they also get pulled to the area where megatron is being frozen and they all discuss what was happening and that they unfreeze bumblebee so that he can show them were the cube is and protect them with it , meanwhile megatron however is still active and alive and contacts starscream who is already near the dam and the other decepticons, and then megatron flees, and the men and armed forces try to fight them but they escape later , the autobots get into the fight on the highway with optimus prime defeating one of the decepticons and then they all come to the city where starscream blends into a jet next to the other flight forces and attacks them , they try to fire on him but fail and then flee. prime arrives at the city and fights with Megatron , while the Autobots and the deceptions engage in full combat with the tank deception and the helicopter deception , the action scenes here are very well shot and entertaining and the acclaimed action movie director michael bay clearly shows us how we can turn cool action figures into a sci fi movie its all done like he was the one who made the toys and figurines and then later planned to do it with all the effort he had, and then he finally succeeded with it at last , he chose an interesting cast and if not that good of a cast still they all did good in the film including Megan fox who wasn't the best thing about the movie but still she wasn't too bad. what the makers have done is create another visually spectacular popcorn flick that this time is not really a guilty pleasure but is a very well worth watching action flick and all the Michael bay fans will be impressed with what he did back at the time and before then when he made other great masterpieces and classics like armageddon , the rock, bad boys and pearl harbor , he has alot of creative force and many admirers who are mostly the audiences and not necesarrily the critics who dont really care much on michael bay seeing that he can also make not so good movies too but for the truth he is a great director and one of the best hollywood directors of the 21st century , the film ends with sam carrying the cube , being chased by megatron he nearly gets to it but is then saved by optimus prime who plans to sacrifice himself by telling sam to push the cube into his chest but instead shoves it in negatrons chest killing megatron, prime then is proud of sam because he made the right choice and all the autobots reunite with the humans and other special forces for thanking them all for all their courage and bravery and this is what this film shows, and it all proves Michael bay can be a talented filmmaker who usually does not make stupid garbage movies and instead makes decently well done intelligently awesome gem films , my final grade score for this film is A+I've seen probably close to 1,000 movies at the theater, including every single major release over the past 15+ years. I've seen crowds get up and leave after 10 minutes. I've seen crowds all jump and scream at the most frightening of scenes. I've seen crowds cry together.Transformers took me back to the re-release of Star Wars: A New Hope back in the 90s, and then went much further. From the start of the movie the entire theater here in San Antonio got very involved. Clapping, cheering, and even a bit of hooting were commonplace throughout the film.First, let me tell you who carried this film: The Robots and Shia Lebouf. Of course the Autobots were the main attraction, but they went well beyond that by being absolutely stunning. When Blackout lands at Soccent Forward AFB in Qatar, gasps were heard throughout the theater. I found myself literally in awe just staring at him every chance I could get, unfortunately causing me to miss a good bit of what else was going on.Shia Lebouf did a wonderful job of playing an awkward teenage boy from start to finish. His first speech in class trying to hock his Grandfather's valuables was disconcerting to someone like me who treasures their family, but very understandable. I was a teenager once and remember quite well that I'd have done just about anything to buy my first car! In one of his final scenes, when he's on top of the building, cornered hanging off of a statue and Megatron on the verge of fulfilling his hunt for the AllSpark, he seemed very genuinely scared and yet steadfast in his desire to do the right thing.And if it is possible to put humanity in a digital robotic creation of ILM, they accomplished it with Bumblebee. Not only was his humor poignant and sly, but very heartwarming. If you could believe that your car loved you back, Bumblebee could pull it off.For those of you who are hardcore "old school" fans of the series and looking for your goodies, you will not be disappointed. From Shia's nervous flirtation with Fox (good name for her!) that leads to him explaining that he's "More than meets the eye" to many of the lines directly from the original series and movie, Michael Bay didn't let you down.This is the first movie in years I've been able to give a 10/10 rating. I've read several other reviews already, some very disparaging, and I have to say this: Send a 10 year old to review Sense & Sensibility and you're most likely going to get a very nasty review. Don't send 60 year old know-it-all movie critics to review this for you, because those that actually go see it will most likely never agree with them and get nothing from your "reporting".I loved it, had tons of fun from beginning to end. Come check this out if you are a fan of both action movies and/or comedies. It's a good movie to watch with your family or at a party. Let's not forget all the hot chicks in this movie "am I right?" Lol. This movie may not be as good as "The Rock" but it's still a blast to watch and shame on you if you don't go out and watch it because you will be missing out big time and that's never a good thing now is it?This is an outstanding movie on several levels. Between Transformers,Bad Boys 2,Armageddon, and Pearl Harbor,among others;Micheal Bay is one of my favorite directors. Well Done Micheal Bay,John Rogers,Roberto Orci, Alex Kurtzman, and everyone else who had something to do with this movie.Peter Cullen is the voice of the Peterbuilt big truck (Optimus Prime)This is at least the second time Peter Cullen has voiced Optimus Prime.Peter Cullen is a permanent AA list actor.Megan Fox, Rachel Taylor, and Julie White is hot!!!---One Truck Drivers Opinion---erldwgstruckermovies.comTransformers is a really good movie it's got really good action scenes it's got the best plot and good character development and the action scenes are well spaced out and an exceptional third act but the best part of the movie is megatronWell, lets start off with the critics. People say that the movie lacks plot. Plot. What plot? It's an ACTION movie built around Sci-Fi CG. Since when do these need a plot?Next step is the 'dirty-stupid TEENAGER humour'. Yes indeed - loads of it. But hey, haven't you all guru people ever wanted to go back to your younger years and do something unspeakably cheesy? Not that the movie is a masterpiece prank, but look around you - teenagers conquering the internet with their testosterone-filled jokes and nobody saying a word about it. I agree, the humour is rather teenage for some veteran viewers, but are such people numerous? No. The jokes are not that astronomically stupid and do actually crack a laugh. Some people even said "oh god, half of the theatre was laughing, it was so horrible". And what's bad in that, huh? The jokes aren't that bad if YOU don't like them and a dozen of people do. I'm not even mentioning the "mastrubation" and "pee" moments. Many said these were awful moments of the movie. Oh...so sad :)And the third most criticized part is bad acting. Well, yes, I wouldn't call the acting superb or anything (except, of course, Shia LaBeouf), but yet again: this is ACTION. Who cares what's the plot and the caliber of the actors. They did perfectly fine to complement the robots. Of course, some say that the robot part is done badly, but that may be true only for the fans of the original movies and toons. For the bulk - it is a completely new experience that can even lead to digging up the...hmm...Hasbro toys.Now let's get to the fun part. The visuals are impressive, the action is even more impressive...and...well that's it. Aside of the movie being a bit too long, you get a great action-packed Sci-Fi effects galore, which is easy to watch, entertaining and fast-flowing. Most of the "1" ratings grow out of the high expectations around this movie. In reality, people shouldn't expect a classic or anything. Transformers is not Star Wars, folks, its a waaaaay smaller universe.In conclusion, if you don't expect that lot out of it, it turns out to be a pretty nice package of this and that. ALL the critics are right, yes. But hell, the move is fantastic! I am by no means sorry to have spent my money to watch it on the big screen. 10\10!Epic Godzilla Action Movie From Beginning To End.Spectacular Production & Great Scenes Of Dragon Fights.Delightful Film That Will Cheer You Up.Satisfaction Guaranteed.Five years after Godzilla defeated King Ghidorah, Kong is monitored by Monarch within a giant dome on Skull Island. Kong is visited by Jia, the last Iwi native and Kong expert Ilene Andrews' adopted daughter, who is deaf and communicates with Kong via sign language.Bernie Hayes, an employee of Apex Cybernetics and host of a Titan conspiracy theory podcast, extracts data suggesting sinister activities at a Pensacola facility. However, Godzilla suddenly attacks the facility; during the rampage, Bernie stumbles on a massive device. Madison Russell, a fan of Bernie's podcast, enlists her friend Josh to investigate Godzilla's attacks. Apex CEO Walter Simmons recruits Nathan Lind, a Hollow Earth theorist, to guide a search for a power source into the Hollow Earth, the homeworld of the Titans. Nathan is initially hesitant as his brother died on an expedition to Hollow Earth due to a strong reverse-gravitational effect. He agrees after Walter reveals that Apex has developed HEAVs, specialized crafts able to withstand the pressure exerted by the gravity field.Nathan meets with Ilene and convinces her to let Kong guide them through the Hollow Earth via an outpost in Antarctica. Nathan, Ilene, and an Apex team led by Walter's daughter Maia board a modified barge escorted by the U. S. Navy that carries a sedated and restrained Kong. Godzilla attacks the convoy and defeats Kong, but retreats after the ships disable their power and trick him into thinking they are destroyed. To avoid alerting Godzilla, Kong is airlifted to the Hollow Earth entrance, and Jia convinces him to enter the tunnel while the team follows him in the HEAVs.Madison and Josh find Bernie, who joins their investigation. They sneak into the wrecked Apex base, discover a secret facility underground, and are inadvertently locked into an underground monorail transport to an Apex facility in Hong Kong, where they unwittingly stumble on a test of Mechagodzilla. It is telepathically controlled by Ren Serizawa, the son of the late Ishiro Serizawa, through the neural networks from a severed head of Ghidorah, but is hobbled by its power supply's limitations. Walter intends to harness the Hollow Earth's energy to overcome Mechagodzilla's limitations.Inside the Hollow Earth, Kong and the team find an ecosystem similar to Skull Island. They discover his species' ancestral throne room, where they find remains of an ancient war with Godzilla's kind and a glowing axe made from another Godzilla's dorsal plates. As they find the power source, the Apex team sends its signature back to their Hong Kong base despite Ilene's protests. Attracted by Mechagodzilla's activation, Godzilla arrives in Hong Kong, and sensing Kong, he directly drills a shaft to the throne room with his atomic breath. In the ensuing mayhem, Maia and the Apex team attempt to escape but their HEAV is crushed by Kong. Kong, Ilene, Jia, and Nathan ascend to Hong Kong, where Godzilla and Kong battle. Godzilla is initially overpowered by Kong, but Godzilla emerges victorious while Kong loses consciousness.Madison, Josh, and Bernie are caught by security and taken to Walter. Despite Ren's concerns over the power source's volatility, Walter orders him to activate Mechagodzilla. They lose control of Mechagodzilla, who kills Walter and electrocutes Ren, and then attacks Hong Kong. Godzilla and Mechagodzilla battle, but Godzilla is overwhelmed. Nathan revives Kong by destroying the HEAV, and Jia convinces him to help Godzilla. As Mechagodzilla overpowers both Titans, Josh short-circuits Mechagodzilla's controls with Bernie's flask of liquor, momentarily interrupting the mech. Godzilla supercharges Kong's axe with his atomic breath, allowing Kong to destroy Mechagodzilla. Madison, Bernie, and Josh reunite with Mark Russell, while Godzilla and Kong acknowledge each other before the two go their separate ways. Sometime later, Monarch has established an observation post in the Hollow Earth, where Kong now rules.Who cares about the plot? What we really want to see is the battle of the Titans and this movie delivered. Some stories don't need to be complex, this is one of them. As a fan of the old Godzilla and Kong movies, this was a goodie. Just buckle up and enjoy the ride!Enjoyed the movie, reminded me of the old movies, just with better effects. Take it for what it is.OK, so maybe I am biased as have always been avid Godzilla fan but this movie was everything I expected. CGI and sound was amazing but would have been nice to hear some of the original Godzilla theme. Cannot fault this movie as it had the perfect ending and walked away with a huge smile on my face. Only downside is the time I have to wait to see it again.I will open this review saying that 1. I'm biased, as I'm a lifelong Godzilla fan and 2. I actually knew spoilers FAR ahead of time for this movie.That being said, I thought this film ruled. It's by far my favorite movie in the Monsterverse, if not flat out my favorite movie period. The CGI and sound design for this film are phenomenal, there wasn't a single scene where I though "yeah, that CGI could use some touchups." Both monsters look incredible and are done absolute justice here. To make this more readable, I've split this review into parts.Kong:
Kong is most certainly the main character of the movie. The film starts with him, and once he's with Team Kong, there isn't really a scene that he's not in. It's absurd the amount of detail that goes into Kong's facial expressions. His reactions are honestly a highlight of the movie, I actively noticed myself searching his face to see what he was thinking. Kong is also most definitely the heart of the film, as even with myself being a Godzilla fan, I cared immensely for Kong and was emotionally with him for the ups and downs. Whether you are a fan of him or not, this film will have you loving Monke by the end.Godzilla:
While not having anywhere near the screentime as Kong, Godzilla still ruled this movie for me (bias obviously in play). His opening sequence screams classic Godzilla, and the way he looks and fights in this movie are absolutely brutal. This movie nailed giving Godzilla this foreboding atmosphere, anytime he's on screen it spells doom. I also have to say that he essentially stole the show at all the set pieces he was apart of.Humans:
Colored me surprised, but I actually didn't dislike the human characters in this movie. I went in fully expecting the character levels we got in King of the Monsters, but I genuinely cannot say that I hated anyone in this movie. Does that mean that they're incredibly fleshed out characters with Godfather levels of dialogue. Absolutely not, but where the last film had a lot of family drama, this one has a lot of humor and heart. The two main standouts to me are Tyree's character and Jia, which I think works as they're essentially the most important character for their respective team.Ending thoughts:
I was going to write more for this, but I decided to leave the review as a spoiler free one. Like I said, I loved this movie, it has a lot of action and seriously fast pace (both of which are a big thumbs up for me). If you're a fan of either of these characters, or even just looking for a fun time, this film is definitely worth a watch.Action packed.Attention grabbing.Astonishing imagery.It is what it's suppose to be.Waited hella long for this movie to come out and it did not disappoint! Enjoyed the big monster fights, storyline was good, and ending felt satisfying. Watch with on a big screen and great sound speakers, if you can. FYI...no extra scene after the movie ends.GODzilla Vs KINGkong . It's a feast to eyes for action lovers . It's the movie all the fans of Godzilla & King kong are waiting for . The script , direction and visual effects are done wonderfully . There is not even one dull moment in the film , unlike previous two Godzilla movies . There are some goosebumps moments which makes people scream . Millie brown , Brian , Julian made some funny moments .
This movie being released first in India , one week before USA release Is a smart move . Result of which most of the people in India can watch this epic in theaters . This is not a movie to be watched in OTT or pirated print or DVD . Experience this epic in
nearest theatres , take all precautions of covid .Contain spoiler!!!!!I watched this movie on theater, this kind of movie only work to watch on theater not home, because we need to hear the sound fx and soundtrack to feels the amazing titan clash feels real.Sound fx is amazing and the cgi is awesome!Godzilla looks so scary here because he's hunting the apex predator, and kong looks so innocent and helpless but still brave af, im team godzilla but also feels sad when kong defeated.The story feels rushed , and kinda disappointed the other monster from the previous movie isn't showing up again , the mecha godzilla is crazy. Its menacing and his power lv is beyond godzilla. He can't be defeated with only brute strength, you need brain. And there's the reason kong is in the battle, with the weapon and help from godzilla he can defeat that crazy mecha godzilla.Sadly no clue for the continuity of the monsterverse.I hope its still continue .After Avengers Infinity War, we waited for the Avengers Endgame. We wondered how the story would go on, how our heroes would turn back, what would be the end of Thanos. Many theories related to this have been put forward. Avengers Endgame was undoubtedly the most anticipated film of recent years. Normally, the higher the expectation, the higher the probability of disappointment. But this is not the case for Endgame. Whatever you're expecting, you find much more in the film. This means that the biggest concern about the film has disappeared.On the other hand, another comparison comes up. Is Endgame more successful than Infinity War? We can comfortably say it Avengers Infinity War is just the beginning of the story. Endgame was the finale of the story. So we shouldn't think of these two films as two separate stories. There is only one story divided into two parts.Avengers Endgame is, above all, a great homage to the ten-year history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The story highlights the original Avengers team. Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Hulk, Black Widow and Hawkeye are at the center of events. No character comes in front of them. Of course there are many characters that play an important role in the story outside the original Avengers team. Everyone's concern was that Captain Marvel, who was included in the Marvel world, overshadowed other heroes. We can say that this certainly did not happen. What is important in this struggle is not how strong you are, but how good you are. This comes to the fore in all areas. It gives good message about being a hero and a family.Of course, Avengers Endgame has some critical aspects. For example, is the three-hour period necessary in terms of the story? It can be discussed. The head of the story moves much slower than the rest. It also drags the heroes into an emotional predicament. Then the tempo is rising and the heavy scenes we are watching are getting more meaningful. The last 45 minutes of the movie is fully action packed. But the last 45 minutes goes so fast that you don't even realize it. Action and battle scenes are really successful. There is not even a slight distress about visual effects. There are also slight logic errors in the film, but in general the story is so successful that these details become meaningless and insignificant after a certain point.Lastly, Avengers Endgame doesn't have a movie end scene. Because after the film's final, there is no need for another scene. The Marvel legend Stan Lee appears with a small stage. But this is the last surprise scene in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Moreover, there is no clue about Marvel's future. This makes us wonder more about Spider-Man: Far from Home. 10/10If you're going to watch this movie, avoid any spoilers, even spoiler free reviews.
Which is why I'm not going to say anything about the movie. Not even my opinion. All I'm going to say is:The crowd applauded 3 times during the movie, and stood up to clap their hands after. This I have never witnessed in a Dutch cinema. Dutch crowds aren't usually passionate about this. I checked the row where I was sitting, and people were crying. After the movie, I was seeing people with smudged mascara. That's all I have to say about the movie.Rating 10/10
Absolute perfection end game !! Good acting performance to all the characters. Great cgi's. Truly epic & perfect ending to a long journey of marvel movie. Go see it you wont regret it !! Perfection Marvel Endgame !!" ...the problem is, when you mess with time, time kinda tends to MESS BACK.. "
~TONY STARK, A.K.A 'IRONMAN', MARVEL'S " AVENGER'S : ENDGAME " .___________________________________________________" SO WHO CARES ?...if this "1ST-BIT" HERE sounds a bit CLICHE ? ? ? The fact is that this film Is, ( At The VERY LEAST ) ->-
( 1. )A LABOUR OF L💎VE .
( 2. )A TRUE, UNEQUIVOCAL WORK OF " HE💎RT " .
( 3. )A BEAUTIFUL & ENDURING M💎STERPIECE .I ABSOLUTELY ADORE pictures that are "THOROUGHLY" UNPREDICTABLE, & this Passionately-exquisite Creation FAR, FAR outweighed my Every-Hope in that particular respect, and ...Indeed..... so MANY, MANY, MORE .A WELL MEANING WORD OF ADVICE, THOUGH ->- "THIS IS ( NOT ⭐ -❕) A FAIRY TALE". BE ABSOLUTELY SURE to chuck your 'innocently-created FANTASIES' of what to expect... RIGHT AT THE CINEMA ENTRANCE, ( Or chances are, you will Almost-CERTAINLY, be DISAPPOINTED ) .ALSO, I "ESPECIALLY" urge you to Spare more than just a "Passing-thought" for CHRIS HEMSWORTH'S "Profoundly-comedic", & YES... O F . C O UR S E ->- ROBERT DOWNEY JUNIOR'S, "Utterly-Stellar & ENTIRELY OSCAR WORTHY ⭐❕ ( -AS IN "BEST ACTOR, & NO LESS- )".. "DRAMATIC"... PERFORMANCES. ( The Generally-SUPERB Collective-cast performance NOTWITHSTANDING )...Come to think of it, ( SADLY ), ANTAGONISTS' performances these days Often tend to get OVERLOOKED and/or TAKEN FOR-GRANTED; & JOSH BROLIN'S "INEVITABLE"-THANOS ->- MAY ->- most decidedly be NO EXCEPTION. I'm ( ALREADY ;) ) ROOTING FOR him to be Nominated for "BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR" for the 2020 OSCAR AWARDS .AND IN CLOSING : OH YES.. Consider Yourself Warned... this film is SO FUNNY..... you may just ->- "DIE LAUGHING". ( Consider yourself FULLY-WARNED, N O W ) .A HUMONGOUS, WHOLESALE 25 ( 😉 ❤ ) MARKS OUT OF 10 , HANDS DOWN ⭐ ❕❕" .Man! I thought Infinity War was off the hook, but this one...
A perfect compliment to a two part epic. It was what I thought it was going to be, a lot of talk, a lot of planning, but amazingly it was not boring. Not for one second!
Infinity War was the moment we were all waiting for and then they tell us they are going to split it into two films. End Game could have gone south with this choice, but it did not. It's always exciting, especally if you are a comic book fan or have been watching these movies for now eleven years.
Don't want to say too much, but shine a light on Robert Downey Jr. who got to perfect his Iron Man persona to the point where Hugh Jackman can't even surpass him. Captain American is giving all us FanBoys everything we ever wanted to see and Thor...underperforms with hilarious results (and hopefully will create 2019's most popular costume for a certain type of man). Loved Mark Rufflo in this film and Thanos baby, still the baddest villain around.
It's fun it's dramatic, it's like Lord of the Rings with one less movie. Three hours well worth the ticket.
Stan Lee would be proud! Nuff said!Walking in, given Marvel's latest publicity, I was expecting, well, I was expecting an absolute cringe fest, and thankfully I didn't get it. In fact, there were only a couple of absolute cringe moments and each dealt with Brie Larson, particularly her appearance in the final fight.Thankfully though, Marvel showed a lot of restraint with that and as a result the movie really belonged to the characters that we all have invested over a decade of love and loyalty in....and honestly that was a relief. There were times where the film looked like it wanted to go the other way, and put the OG Avengers in the backseat. So, credit for not doing that.It feels a lot more like Kill Bill 2 in atmosphere than a real Super-Hero movie, all the really fun big fights were reserved for the first film and what's left is a long closing act that is more concerned with tying up loose ends than delivering on over-the-top action. And it works for a send off film after a decade of investment.So what you have feels very much like an intimate and sentimental film made by old friends at send off...or a funeral...but in either case it is absolutely appropriate.Unfortunately, you have the enormously epic CGI battle at the end and I, for one, am kind of done with that trope. It's starting to bore me now, and, honestly, I would prefer something a little more authentic. But, that being said, the film at least called for it.We've seen battles like that before, Black Panther, Aquaman, Infinity War, Lord of the Rings, and, honestly those CGI armies lack any real intimacy. So the end is kind of a bore compared to the rest of the film.The highlight in the film would be Thor with Hulk coming in as a close second. They steal the show from the moment they are introduced and the trademark MCU humor that Black Panther and Captain Marvel utterly lacked. And the humor was a source of comfort after two films that made vague threats of taking themselves far too seriously for a superhero flick.The wrap-up was more than satisfying if not heart-wrenching at moments making it a great send off for a decade of time and money invested in the characters, however the legacy that the MCU is passing on seems in trouble nonetheless and we can only hope that it doesn't go the route that the MCU has been teasing and toying with and continues to deliver fun superhero movies and not the heavy-handed or deadly serious films they have threatened the audience with.Avengers: Endgame is above all the best Marvel superhero movie to date. This is also the best and epic conclusion to the 21 movies in the first 10 years of the MCU. This is the epic culmination. The best storytelling ever told.This is made by people who do, for people who do, and this movie itself, does, love the MCU. You can think of it as a TV show finale. After 21 episodes that are all feature length. And before you can even say "oh no those are all terrible", this immediately proves itself to be an exception to that rule. Where the equally masterful Infinity War was almost one long action climax, this is less about fights. Which doesn't mean it doesn't have any. Or that they're anything less than excellent. And this film is definitely never boring. This focuses on character exploration. Every member of the original Avengers team, and a handful individuals that aren't, all get significant depth. I remain one of the few people who argue that Age of Ultron did deliver that, albeit in small concentrated format. This easily tops that. Everyone is pushed into a situation new to them. The trailers hint at some of these, whilst leaving others as incredible surprises. Make sure you avoid spoilers before watching this.This picture moves fast and packs a lot into its not quite lean running time. In other words, it's directed by the Russo Brothers. The length is justified. I wouldn't cut anything from this. The emotional moments don't feel sappy. The countless callbacks and references don't feel like they're just there to make you feel good for paying attention to all that lead to this one. The acting shows just how well all of these performers understand the characters. And the screenplay does the same for the writers. The effects are astonishing, yet again getting us to care about individuals that we know are all CG. It uses the varied skills, equipment and the like, of the unique heroes and villains, creatively. This delivers deeply satisfying closure. It truly is a conclusion. It's not trying to get you back to the theatre for the next adventure. The few currently confirmed entries into this franchise don't need hyping, anyway. Spider-Man with Mysterio? Another Black Panther story? The unfairly fired James Gunn returning to round out the trilogy of the Guardians of the Galaxy? Solo Black widow, *finally*? More Dr Strange? Shang-Chi, The Eternals, Blade? Keep 'em coming.I recommend this to everyone who's taken this entire journey. And if you're someone who's skipped some, or held off on this series up to this point, this is an excellent reason to address that. Unless they're simply not to your liking. This is not going to change that. It's not meant to. 10/10Unbelievable. For Marvel to pull this tour de force of a film is unreal. 21 films. 21 films culminating in the conclusion of endgame. The scope is incredible, I will only say it's definitely one of the best Marvel films out there, and there are many. I don't want to spoil anything. Watch it!The hardest thing to do is end something. The ending of a story, novel, or movie is probably the hardest thing to write. This is not the climax and falling action, but the resolution, where all the dangling threads are tied up and resolved. Very few writers can create one with supreme satisfaction - mostly because in this day and age writers want sequels and franchises. Avengers Endgame is the pinnacle of Marvel movies. It is a masterpiece of the super-hero genre. It gives closure, and resolution.
The movie picks up almost immediately after Thanos snapped half the world out of existence. The remaining Avengers, Iron Man (Tony Stark), War Machine (Don Cheedle), Captain America (Chris Evans), Black Widow (Scarlet Johansson), Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), and Rocket (Bradley Cooper) are trying to gather their wits after they had their asses handed to them.
Tony is on his way back to Earth from Titan. His only companion is Nebula (Karen Gillian). Fortunately, Captain Marvel (Brie Larson) comes to the rescue. Bringing them back to Earth, they are reunited ... for a moment. Tony wants nothing to do with them after Cap's betrayal. He goes back to Pepper.
The remaining heroes track down Thanos (Josh Brolin) and find the Infinity Stones have destroyed themselves, as well as him. Now, what do we do?
Five years later, a van in San Francisco has its computer activated by a mouse. It activates the shrinking device that left Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) stranded in the shrunken universe. He comes back - but the five year isolation was only five hours to the Ant Man. He traverses the nation to find the Avengers. When he learns of what happened, he has an idea. The microscopic universe has entry and exit points in time.
Yes, they can travel back in time and find the Infinity Stones, bring them back, and snap everyone back into existence. Hey, you have to realize that time travel was going to come into this sooner or later. The Avengers need Tony to figure out a way to take out the random effects, but he is tied too much to Pepper (Gwenyth Paltrow), and their daughter, Morgan.
Tony, though, cannot back out of a possibility of setting things right. He is onboard with the idea, so three teams travel back to different points. Tony, Bruce, Steve, and Scott (hey, my name's Steve Scott!) head to New York after the Avengers battle. Roadie, Nebula, Nadia, and Clint (Jeremy Renner) return to the stellar world where two other stones exist. Rocket and Thor return to Asgaarrd before its destruction to fetch a couple of others.
As they find the stones, they find themselves - as well as a slew of MCU characters that helped and hindered them on the way. Loki, Brumlow, Sitwell, Pierce (Robert Redford) all have their cameos as former HYDRA secret operatives. Of course, it would be a sin not to have Tom Hiddleston return as Loki. Tony and Steve go to another spot where Steve catches a glimpse of Peggy Carter (Haylee Atwell), and Tony gets to have some words with his father, Howard Stark (John Slattery).
Thor gets to see Jane again (Natalie Portman), as well as his mother, Frigga (Rene Russo). Rocket has to work hard and convince him to take the stones back. Of course, Thor cannot leave without one particular thing.
Meanwhile, Clint and Nadia have to retrieve the Soul Stone. They need a soul to get it. At the same time, Thanos, who is alive at this point, realizes the Nebula of the past is having glitches. He and Gamora (Zoe Saldana) are able to figure out what they are doing there. Realizing their plan, he has to stop them and make sure his plan comes through.
You can tell this all-star cast was handled well, providing story, action, laughs, and even tears. A few of these heroes sacrifice themselves for others. They get to reconcile themselves over past mistakes, regrets, and get to redeem themselves. They are reunited with loves ones lost five years ago when Thanos snapped his fingers. And they fight together against a foe for the first time since Avengers Age of Ultron. They were one team.
Someone could easily nit-pick this one, especially on the time travel. However, the ending brings so much satisfaction. Between the sacrifices, the second chances, the characters all have their resolutions tied up, with no post-credit scenes. Some of the character arcs are messy, but the movie provides an emotional satisfaction unheralded in motion picture history. Avengers Endgame gets a perfect score.Right, Let it be known, this film is f****n quality! Genuinely, i watched it with no expectations- the cheeky marketing of it revealing very little worked perfectly in my instance. The opening 5/10mins meets characters, and almost tricks you into a false sense of calm and normality.When 'events proceed', the camcorder style filming instills a genuine realism to events, and the films definitely feeds off the mass concern and shock at global events/terrorist attacks/disasters, and the disjointed way news feeds through.I will say no more but this- watch this film. Don't go finding too much out, just watch, and get taken to a place most fiction movies aren't able to transport viewers to. Intense has been said a lot in other peeps reviews its exactly that. Proper Rocks.OutWith all of the crazy viral marketing (that started way too early) some people were worried if it could live up to the hype. It COMPLETELY surpassed my expectations, and I went in expecting it to be good in the first place. Once things pick up and start rolling about 15 minutes in, I didn't relax until the credits started rolling. Yes, they give you a few brief moments to catch your breath, but even then you're still on edge, waiting for the next attack. I can't imagine this movie being executed in any way other than the hand held approach. They somehow managed to pull off SEVERAL absolutely beautiful shots/camera angles while still fitting into the hand held setting. The acting and dialog is so natural that it doesn't feel like they're acting a script...at ALL. It's incredibly intense, you're really pulled into the character's corners, and it's filmed wondrously. If you get motion sickness easily, you'll probably want to wait 'till this is out on DVD. Other than that...GO SEE THIS MOVIE. It's one of the greatest monster movies of all time. Actually...scratch that...it's THE greatest monster movie of all time.Cloverfield is nothing like your average Hollywood movie. Entirely filmed from the perspective of a (shaky) handy-cam, one would not expect a very visually attractive movie. This movie proves that this assumption would be so damn wrong. The story starts at a yuppie party, but then crap hits the fan. And when I mean crap hits the fan, it really does hit the fan hard. Cloverfield is a very intense movie and the first person view really makes you feel like you are in the middle of something that you would try to avoid in real life. It has been a long time ago that I sat through a movie with clenched fists and my jaw on the floor most of the time, but this movie managed to do so. Nevertheless the movie still has its funny moments, which are timed right, so it does not take away from the tension. I could say much more about this movie, but it is really something you should see for yourself. Get the tickets now!If you are gonna do shaky cam,This is the way to do it! This was
an absolutely thrilling and truly terrifying ride! Fantastic acting with realism that makes this movie Gripping and very Intense.
The monster ,especially at the end, is heartstopping in size and appearance, Whoa! I normally hate shaky cam stuff for its uaually reserved for movies with lame acting ,no plotline and bad effects but here, this movie takes that concept and makes it work..the effects are top notch and terrifying as is the sound mastering..The roars of the monster, the buildings crashing, metal creaking, the thuds and explosions are superb! Just a Wow! movie that deserves a look by any scifi fan..okay, my dad came home from work the other day with four new DVD's, I legend, Alien vs predator,American gangster and clover field. We put on clover field, As being a thriller fan i was drawn right in it was great how the characters were introduced, and how you could go through there life without noticing that they were acting, Sure the start went for to long but it built up to a great story. I was so surprised when they just got attacked and i never saw it coming. It was just so good how the filming Made you feel like you were in the same place as they were and had you at the edge of your seats, Unlike my dad i loved the film and it kept me entertained for the whole 80 Mins i reckon it has to be one of the greatest thriller film ever!I went to see this movie at 12:01 A.M. on Friday morning, the first show, and thought the movie was great. Althoguh I will tell you that if you get motion sickness or easy headaches DO NOT see this film, and if you do move as far away from the screen as possible! My friend got a bad headache and we were halfway up in the biggest theater in at the place which probably holds about 300-400 people. I was not affected because I would just close my eyes for a moment if I felt like it was a lot of moving and it would help my eyes a lot. But I went into this film with no real knowledge of the film and no expectations. The marketing of this film was brilliant, and I believe they delivered a very good film with it! Now people are coming out and saying there was no plot or back story, and felt it was hard to relate or understand the characters, but what people aren't getting is that Cloverfield isn't supposed to be that kind of film. It is a film that we are supposed to watch as if we basically found or were shown footage from an attack on NYC by an unknown creature! I thought the film was effective and I truly felt as if I was with the characters while this all was happening and experiencing it with them, so it's not supposed to be a film with character development or a real plot or explanation. The film feels eerily similar to watching a 9/11 footage video, and when you watch those you feel for the people but don't need or expect a plot about them. Don't get me wrong their is a story within the film, but I'll just leave it at that. I thought the film was very innovative and almost ground breaking in the way it was shot and the feel you get from it! Great Job!Simply put, this movie was incredible. I'm not going to spend any time going into plot detail, or try to make an explanation for everything, because the best way to go into this film is not knowing anything at all. To me, it was a lot like 300 in the sense that this film has placed itself far away from everything else out there that's thrilling and filled with action. (don't take that comment literally, there's no spartan's in this movie, or huge holes for kicking people in... that said, 300 was totally awesome!) When I left the theater, Cloverfield had me waiting for the movie to keep taking place in real life. I felt like I had been right there all along, and that's the feel you get from the unique first person, free-hand camera angle you get the entire film. Now I'm telling you right now, I've seen tons of movies, I love movies, I even work at Blockbuster!!! (aka huge movie nerd) Go see this movie!!! If you're into action, thrillers, and looking for anything that will inspire or amaze, or even make you question (much like I Am Legend - another great film)... this movie is dauntingly realistic. I'm highly recommending it to you, and telling you, it really is worth it. Don't try and figure everything out, don't try to make an explanation for everything, just watch, and imagine, and this movie will have you at the end of your seat and you'll never get the chance to sit back and catch your breath. Go see it!!!This film had me tense throughout the whole film never have i had so much fun while watching a film it was great i give this 10 out of 10 stars although blare witch haters beware may cause motion sickness headaches anyways those who loved Godzilla and blare witch. this is a film for you !!!! great movie 10-10. And for those people that gave this film a 1 out of 10 you probably don't think that you just want to lower the films rating. This film also delivers more realism than other films can, it made me actually believe what happened in the film was true , because of the video camera type perspective probably. Definitely recommended for people aged 10+Simply one of the best films ever made. Packed house at Pleasure Island. See it in Digital. Exciting while being well paced. Romantic while not being sappy. Tender while being tough. Just like the name Cloverfield, the movie conjures up uncertain, ill defined images and internal reactions. It is the perfect analogy for today's listless world.It was a pleasure to see a film which fully utilized the movie watching experience.Stay until the end credits for a mysterious clue and an amazing piece of music titled "Roar."If nothing else, the overture theme should be nominated for an Oscar.Cloverfield (2008).Chipper F. Xavier, Esq.After its shocking release 10 years prior, a repeat viewing of Cloverfield still manages to disgust and terrify. Unfortunately, many viewers do not recognize its genius. Imagine going to a famously hip New York nightclub on a Saturday evening and being shocked that there are heavy, 808-styled drumbeats interspersed throughout the catchy-but-vacuous lyrics as half-drunk people madly carouse about the parquet dance floor. A reasonable person would argue that you should have known what to expect. An open-minded person might even say, "... heck, that was different!" But only a 'hater' would exclaim: "That sucked!"Cloverfield, directed by Matt Reeves, written by Drew Goddard and produced by J.J. Abrams, is a shaky-camera, found footage horror film which begs the question: What would happen if a gigantic, intelligent, malevolent alien monster attacked New York City? In order to properly frame this fantastical event, the director filmed the movie using a hand-held camera to establish a sense of timely realism and cast relative unknowns as protagonists to force the audience to focus on what was happening within the camera frame. The result is partly unique, partly hilarious, very unexpected and 100% terrifying... But only if you, the viewer, allow a willing suspension of disbelief.Cloverfield works well because the field of view is grounded by normal twenty-somethings attending a going away party for a friend, brother and paramour, as viewed behind the lens of a handicam. When this banal celebration is interrupted by the surreal experience of unnatural disasters in a population-dense New York City, the fear is amplified and very real as the audience is taken along for a very bumpy ride.Some of the more original OMG-worthy moments include: 1) The head of the Statue Of Liberty flying through the air to land at the fleeing feet of pedestrians; 2) The giant, rampaging monster disgorging smaller babies from its body that fall to the ground and immediately begin attacking people; 3) The giant, rampaging monster carefully considering the cameraman before ruthlessly biting him in half.You don't have to like roller-coasters, haunted houses or Santa Claus to enjoy a good horror flick - but you are probably in the minority of the human population if you don't. Escapism only works if you give it permission - or else, you'll always be that person wondering why everyone but you is having such a great time.Guardians of the Galaxy is a pleasantly surprising SyFy thriller for this generation. The film stars Chris Pratt as Peter aka Star-Lord, Zoe Saldana as Gamora, Bradley Cooper as the voice of Rocket, Vin Diesel as the voice of Groot, and Dave Bautista as Drax. This all-star cast does an amazing job bringing these characters to life. If you like any of the Marvel Avengers movies you will love the humor and action of this family-friendly film.
Peter is a human from planet Earth that has a bounty on his head when Rocket, a talking raccoon that was developed in a lab, and Grout a walking tree come along and try to capture him to collect the bounty on him. In the meantime, Gamora comes along trying to steal the Orb that Peter has in his possession. This group of misfits that end up crossing paths, all at the same time, end up being put into prison where they meet Drax. Drax lost his family at the hands of Gamora's gang, therefore Drax wants revenge and to kill her. This group of enemies ends up having to rely on each other to escape prison. In the beginning, they are trying to kill one another or use each other for personal gain. In order to ensure their personal gain, they end up having to try and keep one another alive. By protecting each other they begin to create a bond.
I feel that the music along with the special effects that were used for this film is what makes it great. The music speaks to what is happening in the film and the emotions that the character is feeling at that time. They were consistent and the use of the music shows the time frame in which Peter left Earth.
The differences in the feeling during the scenes are also shown in the lighting and special effects. The lighting and special effects during the fight scenes show quicker cuts, as opposed to the times during the film when the characters are more relaxed, in which the director pans across the scene moving with the characters.
The director and the all-star cast pull the audience in and do an excellent job bringing the characters to life while leaving them asking what could be next for this group of friends. If you like humor in your SyFy films you will love this cinematic sensation.This film is perfect entertainment. Sheer bliss from end to end.
Watch it, laugh out loud and enjoy.I don't know how marvel did that but man this movie was something, TBH I wasn't sure if that movie will success because It sounded like silly for me when I heard about talking raccoon and tree, suddenly they became one of my favorite characters in the MCU , Sorry marvel I was wrong.It is a very fun and entertaining film. The story and screenplay is amazing. The direction by James Gunn is awesome. The CGI and visual effects of the film are outstanding. The film is one of the best MCU films humor wise. The performances of the cast are great. All the main characters are very likable. Definitely a must watch even if you aren't a superhero movie lover.This movie was so good it had incredible acting and a great plot. This movie is so awesome if you have not seen it watch it!Guardians of the Galaxy is nothing short of an amazing movie. If there's anything I can say, it's that it is the best superhero movie I have seen. Not only does it have the impressive set pieces and enough action to last you a lifetime, it has an emotional core and you actually get to care about each and every single character. Overall this movie is filled with all the required thrills and spills and is a first class action movie. It also has a great mixture of comedic value and a deal of seriousness. The film's unlikely hero is Quill (Chris Pratt), an eccentric gunfighter in the Han Solo mould who we meet stealing a metal orb coveted by the evil warlord Ronan. When he dispatches his top assassin, the green- skinned Gamora (Zoe Saldana), to recover the artifact, the pair find themselves locked up, along with the galaxy's most unlikely bounty hunters – a gun-toting raccoon (Bradley Cooper) and his sidekick (Vin Diesel) who just happens to be a walking tree. All the actors do a great job at portraying there characters, they feel real beings. You get to know about them and their struggles and you become attached to them. Every character in the movie got their time to shine, especially Rocket Raccoon who is voiced perfectly by Bradley Cooper. Everyone is pitch perfect in their roles even Batista! For those that want specifics: effects were top notch, acting was excellent, story lines were compelling, the comedy was perfect 99.5% of the time and surprise there were a lot of one line typical superhero zingers that worked really well. What really can't be stressed enough is just how insanely fun and entertaining Guardians of the Galaxy is for literally its entire two-hour-plus run-time. I still have a hard time wrestling with who was my favorite actor in this. all in all, the film is brilliantly well done, action scenes are engrossing and genuinely done, you genuinely worry about certain characters and I for one was thrilled with it. Go see this.Just let yourself be taken in! A sad beginning morphed into the most joyous of movies and the soundtrack is brilliant.Just let yourself enjoyI entitle my review A New Hope as I walk out of the cinema feeling like I have just watched the Star Wars of our generation!As a huge Marvel fan (both comics and film) I was delighted to hear this film was getting made with the perfect choice of Guardians and what a perfect cast to play them. The biggest surprise for me was Dave Bautista who I thought was only cast for his size but his delivery was spot on for Drax. Chris Pratt was hilarious whilst still excellent at delivering some of the films most emotional scenes.CGI in this film was super, there's nothing I hate more than too much CGI in a film but it was so good in Guardians that I was completely lost in it. Never have a seen space look so good, the battles were incredible and Groot and Rocket never looked out of place (aside from being a tree and raccoon).Gunn is the perfect director for this, his tone, his balance of comedy, action and emotion blended perfectly and directing GOTG would have been no easy job. DC are still trying hard to get Justice League going, Marvel just made a film with a talking tree and Raccoon and it was AWESOME!!!Not a bad performance all round and comic fans will be happy with certain nods and winks scattered throughout. Probably my top Marvel film yet, it has the fresh new feeling the first Iron Man had with all the action and humour of The Avengers. 10 stars from me, even if your not a comic book or sci-fi fan, this movie has something for everyone.This movie was everything I wanted from scifi movieNothing I can add to this amazing work of art, to me no scifi compares, it blows away star wars...sorry!! The cast is magical, the story phenomenal, the special effects and the 3d un paralleled, this will become a classic film right at the top!! The comedy is mixed in perfectly, we've watched this film at least 20 times, 3 times in the theater and the rest at home in brilliant 3d bluray!!! It gets better everytime we see it. Thank you to the cast and crew for a huge feel good , lose yourself for 2 hours work of art!!!!!Simply incredible. Never before have I seen a 3 hour movie that didn't seem like 3 hours. I read the Lord of the Rings very recently and I was surprised at how similar Peter Jackson's vision was to my own.Now about the omissions and alterations. I'm not a crazed fanatic who gets worked up over every little detail. I didn't mind Arwen's inflation and I'm actually glad Tom Bombadil was scrubbed (I felt Tom Bombadil was an unnecessary addition to the book). Despite these minor changes, the screenplay stays extremely close to the book and flows very very well (and the prologue was a nice touch).The acting was flawless. As I've read many many times in other reviews, McKellen doesn't play Gandalf, he IS Gandalf. Wood, Mortensen, Holm, Astin, everyone was fantastic. My hat's off to Sean Bean who delivers an excellent performance as Boromir, a character who's intentions are good but wrestles with the corrupting power of the Ring. Bean portrays it VERY well. Oh, and Andy Serkis does a PERFECT Gollum voice. It's EXACTLY as I imagined it myself.The special effects were incredible, the cave troll, the balrog, Gollum, and Sauron's Eye all looked amazing. I was also very impressed by the seamless shrinking of the vertically challenged characters.What's wrong with this movie? I have no idea... I thought everything was perfect. MY biggest gripe is having to wait an entire year to see The Two Towers!The first part of the Lord of the Rings trilogy, the Fellowship of the Rings opened the door to a whole new world for me. I'd never read any of Tolkien's books when I saw the film for the first time at the theatre and, now that I've read them, in retrospect I think being a neophyte to the mythology made my LOTR movie experience all the more miraculous.I loved The Two Towers and Return of the King almost as much as FOTR, but not quite, because seeing Fellowship for the first time was like taking a journey to a fabulous new place and meeting incredible new friends that you don't want to leave. I've never felt anything quite like what this epic evoked in me. It was akin to being a child again, with that tireless sense of wonder and enjoyment of each and every moment, maybe because as a child you are discovering your surroundings, and whatever age you are, when you watch the Fellowship of the Ring you are rendered in awe upon being introduced to the purity and beauty of Middle Earth and darkly enthralled by the majesty of Eisengard, Saruman, Sauron and all of their mighty malice. One of the things that makes this movie so special (and there are so many!) is that you fall in love not only with the "good" characters, but also with the "evil" ones. For example, Christopher Lee was amazing as Saruman, and I can't imagine the movie without him.Some films that might be comparable to the Lord of the Rings trilogy are: The Fifth Element, the Star Wars Trilogy parts IV, V and VI (forget the newer prequels), the Matrix trilogy (especially the first part), Interview with a Vampire, the Legend of Sleepy Hollow (with Johnny Depp), Logan's Run and The Island. They are all excellent movies and works of art that weave that movie magic that keeps you spellbound and entranced for the duration of their runtime.But after seeing The Fellowship of the Ring, I knew I had found the movie by which I would judge all other movies. Based on J.R.R. Tolkien's beloved books, Peter Jackson has set a new standard in the industry of cinema, one that I honestly think has not and won't be surpassed, at least not in my lifetime, not even by PJ himself.It is truly an instant classic that will stand the test of time and be loved by generations to come. God Bless Tolkien and Jackson and everyone involved in the conception and making of this film, for creating a world that is at my fingertips, only takes the touch of a button to go to whenever I want, and makes me forget everything else.The LOTR Trilogy is undoubtedly MY precious, the non plus ultra of all movies!...but oh was I thankful for it!!! All through the movie I kept on having this big large smile sculpted into my face. For the record, I'm 25 years old, and I've read "The Lord of the Rings" in three times for the first time when I was six or seven years old. Ever since then, I read it at least once or twice a year - therefore you can count me as a fan, for I follow the same cult fan procedure with "The Hobbit" and "The Silmarillion" as well. Now onto the movie... Gosh, I saw it more than one time, and I keep wanting more of it. It just never gets boring! I really enjoyed the little stuff that is found throughout the movie for fans of the books (the map on Bilbo's table in his house comes to mind, it is exactly as the one in "The Hobbit" book that I own), and I also incredibly enjoyed the intro sequence with the re-telling of the battle against Sauron from the Silmarillion, never has an ultimate evil being been so well depicted on the screen. It truly is Sauron. Those who argue the movie cuts too many parts or that it changes the story too much are totally wrong. This movie could not have shown the whole first time in its entirety - keep in mind that the audiobook version of 'Fellowship of the Ring' lasts well over ten hours, making a movie this long would, well, make it way too long and besides, how would you financially sustain such a project? I've read a reviewer saying he'd make all three books with the time allowed for the first movie alone. I think it would be a very fast-forwarding experience of a movie with 'Alvin and the Chimpmunks' kind of voices, incredibly stupid to say the least.Ok, so there are changes in the movie - well, this is Jackson's vision of it. All of us have our own visions of the books, which may or may not be compatible with that of Jackson's, but I can safely assume that nobody can say they have a hundred percent the same vision of the story as Tolkien; that's the thing with books: each reader has a different vision of it. As for me, I was blown away. Never before have I felt so much at home in a movie, it is as if I had taken a walk in the town where I grew up, the Shire, Rivendell, Moria, Lorien, everything felt so much like home, I was moved. I cannot tell of another movie that had me shed tears just by seeing a landscape on screen.As for the changes, well, I found good reasons behind all of them, and let me tell you right away, I was happy that Arwen saved Frodo, yes, maybe coming from a fan it will look like absolute heresy, but I enjoyed the scene a lot. I did not enjoy it because it was supposedly politically-correct to do so, or that I find Liv Tyler to be absolutely attractive; it was just because I felt like even though it was a big change from the book, it was a very good one indeed, it makes you discover the power, determination, and courage of elves and the fact that even elven women, although great in their beauty and seemingly fragile in appearance do not have anything to envy to their male counterparts. And beside, as Arwen is to become a Queen later on, it was pretty good to see her have a great first appearance.The actors were great, they were a lot into their characters, and for the first time, I saw elves as they were, quick, agile, terrifyingly effective in battle - just look at how Legolas dealed with the hordes of enemies without a single hint of fear in his eyes - these are elves as they should be. Gimli was great too, I know people seem to think many characters were not developed enough, but by the actions you can learn a lot. With Gimli a lot can be learned about the dwarves, their pride, deep sense of honor and family, their mistrust of elves, their love for strong beer and a good fight against anything bigger, and their sheer hatred for orcs and the likes. Aragorn was totally the ranger character, the ending scene as he walked toward the horde of Uruk-Hai warriors was great, his attitude, his clothes, everything about him just cried "ranger". Boromir was very well depicted, desperate to save the people of Gondor, by any mean necessary, robbed of all hope, yet in the end he redeems himself by showing his true valour, deep down, he's willing to die to defeat evil, and when he recognizes his king in Aragorn, on his last breath, I felt like watching a hero die, it was moving. The hobbits were all great, Frodo is deeply sad and fatalist, and Sam is just the 'best friend' everyone would like to have, just as it should be. Finally, we have Gandalf, quite frankly, he looks mighty, Ian IS Gandalf. The faceoff against the Balrog in the Moria is a memorable sequence, and just shows how strong he really is, to be able to vanquish such a foe. I can't wait for his return.Quite frankly, I can't wait for the two other movies... In the meantime, I'll watch this one over and over again. This movie has everything that a good movie needs to have, and more. Plus, it just might bring more people to actually read books that have more pages than the average little 25¢ novel that has no value in it, which is great. Parents, maybe some scenes will frighten your kids, but this movie has almost NO blood (even though it has a good share of battle) and the foes are undeniably evil, plus it has good values in it - friendship, courage, responsiblity, sacrifice for a good cause, and the belief that anyone can help to change things. This is worthy of Tolkien, this is a movie that will go down in history as being one of the best ever, for sure.Here is one film that lived up to its hype, and by the time I saw it after it had arrived at the video stores, I had heard and read a ton of things about it, and seen all the awards it had received, and expected a lot. To my surprise, it did not disappoint.Now, several years later after having watched all three of these "Rings" films twice each, I still think this first movie of the trilogy is the best. It is a truly spectacular adventure story all the way through, probably the best ever put to film...and the first three hours of it is extra special. The following two films were very good, to be sure, but this first had a better mixture of the story. The second and third movies were almost entirely Frodo and his allies' long journey, but the first half of this movie also gives a good bit of interesting introductory material including a number of scenes at the Shire, before the long adventure starts. If you watch all three of these films consecutively the action wears you down by midway through the final episode and it almost becomes just too much That never gets a chance to happen with the "Fellowship" film.Anyway, "Fellowship," stunned me for the visuals alone. I can't recall any film that has so many jaw-dropping scenes, one after the other, for three straight hours. Some are beyond description, and I don't care if they are computer- generated. So what? The fact is they are awesome to view, both in beauty and in staggering action scenes that feature incredible-looking monsters and other mythical characters.The story covers all kinds of terrain, too, from the lush Shire of the Hobbits, to the harsh neighboring landscapes. Each couple of minutes, as in the two movies that followed, scenes radically change from calmness to action, adventure to romance, sweet lovable characters to hideous monsters, on and on and on. It's an incredible movie experience.I think it is important to remember that Peter Jackson took up this film not in order just to make a film of `The Lord of the Rings' but because he wanted to make a 'fantasy just like the `The Lord of the Rings'" as he himself put it.  After repeating that phrase on a number of occasions the question popped into his mind: "Well, why not the `The Lord of the Rings' itself?".  In doing this he, of course, set himself an enormous challenge: he had to make a really good `fantasy' film, one which would stand on its own and be true to what he had originally wanted to do but he would also, and here the task he had set himself was enormous, be true to the original book and to make a film which the legions of people who have loved this book would feel happy with.  In the latter task he was certainly not helped by the author or the book: Tolkein, it would seem, hated cinema.  The book itself is `HUGE': this was not going to be the kind of task that the James Ivory team set themselves, or Scorsese nor the kind of task facing Branagh with Hamlet; nor was it going to be like the puny task that faced Columbus with `Harry Potter' who had the bigger budget ($130 million for one film as compared with Peter Jackson with $300m for three).I have just seen the first `volume' and can say without hesitation that he has succeeded in both his goals.  It is not the book but a reading of the book which is inventive and fascinating.  It is the kind of experience that makes you want to go back and reread the whole thing in the light of the emphases that Jackson has brought to the story.  He focuses on the corrupting influence of the ring and, through this focus, the character of the chief protagonists of the story are revealed.  Clearly those most tempted by it are mortal men (Boromir and even, in one moment, Aragorn), those who already have power (Elrond - `The ring cannot stay here'; Galadriel; Gandalf and Saruman),  and, of course, those who would not normally desire it but who by accident become ring bearers - Gollum, Bilbo, Frodo.  I can see why, in this reading, Jackson decided to leave out the Bombadil episode.  Bombadil, like the Balrog, is beyond the ring but the latter is important to the unfolding of the story of the fates of all the characters, Bombadil isn't.It is a miracle of this reading of the first volume of the book that one can see where Jackson is going and one can get a feel of how the reading is going to unfold.  In a sense, Jackson's real trial - as far as those who know the books are concerned - will come with the second film in the series. He has lived up to our expectation by creating even bigger ones: how can he handle the story of the chase andrescue of Merry and Pippin, the storming of Isengard etc - stories which don't really add much to the core theme that is emerging.  Or is he now going to add the theme of the great contest of good versus evil to the unfolding reading?All of this points to the fact that the film, even though it is a feast of special effects, focuses on character.  And this also explains why Jackson chose the actors he did for their roles: they are not `big' names - no `Sean Connery', no `Alan Rickman', no `Brad Pitt', no `Sam Neill'etc.  He didn't want them getting in the way of the story of character.  Ian McKellan's talents, in particular, are used to tell a large proportion of the story: an enormous amount is conveyed simply through his facial expressions and even by the language of his body. The other miracle in all of this is Elijah Wood.  Like many others, when I first heard of Jackson's choice, I groaned: but Wood has been extraordinary.  He brings, as one friend said, a strange kind of androgyny to the role and this is just perfect. McKellan has already been knighted: give Wood the Oscar.And then there is Middle Earth: this is, as someone put it, another character in the story and the New Zealand landscape, digitally enhanced on occasion, lives up to its role too.Enough.  See this film!  Greatest film ever made?  How can one make a claim like that! Silly really; as silly as claiming that `The Lord of the Rings' is the greatest book ever written.  Can't one simply love a story, enjoy reading it a number of times amd lose oneself in it.  One CAN claim that it is the greatest work in its genre as is the film.10/10I confess to say that I did not see the first two LOTR films in theaters. The fact of the matter was that my sister was 6 years old and scared easily, so my father wouldn't take her. So, my father went on his own to see them. I did, however get to see Return of the King in theaters. I was entranced. I was 12 years old at the time, and I didn't understand the story. But I was captivated. When Pippin sang his song, I was in tears. At the very end, I was sobbing. The sense of beauty it had...I couldn't even describe it. So, I watched the first two movies respectively with my father. And now I was within Middle-Earth. I read the books the same month that I saw all three films. Simultaneously, in fact. That is my admiration story.What can I say about this movie that won't fill a novel? Where do I start? I suppose with Peter Jackson. I was so struck to learn how these beautiful works of art, Tolkien's magnum opus, inspired him to want to take on such a daunting yet gratifying task. He saw more in those books than I had read from them, and I'm glad that a dedicated fan brought these jewels to screen. Thank you, Mr. Jackson! The cast? Absolutely beautiful. Their friendship is so apparent, so close, not faked as you see in many other movies. Not one actor in those three films were bad. Yes, you heard me. So those of you who said that the casting was terrible, let me say to you: "Not all those who wander are lost."Elijah Wood, who is a very gifted and bright young man, has such an incredible beauty (inside and out) to portray such a conflicted and fatalistic character. His own striking idealism, innocence, and understanding was such that you fell in love with Frodo at first sight, but not to the point where he seemed weak. Elijah is Frodo incarnate, and anyone else would have ruined the role.Sean Astin, another very bright young man, shows his warm wisdom as Samwise, as well as a courage the likes of which I have never seen before in any performance. He had such an aura of honesty and kindliness that it shone like a light on screen. His friendship with Frodo (Elijah respectively) is so obvious and true on-screen, and not a sappy, cheesy "Hollywood" special. Friendships that are too sappy (and fake) will kill a movie, but this one was so obviously real and strong that it touched we fans in such a deep way (for those who could appreciate it).I can't say everything I would like to about these movies. The marriage of deep friendship, dedication, and beautiful, realistic special effects creates an entrancing epic that will be hard to rival by any movie. Those who negatively rated these movies, did you actually pay any attention to the screen as you watched the movie? For those who have never seen these movies, please, do. The deep bonds shared by these actors, all of them, are so beautifully shown, and the cast clearly underwent a lot of stress (For those who own the Extended Versions of these movies, you might hear some horror stories from Astin, Wood, Mortensen, Serkis, and more, if you listen to the documentaries/commentaries), but it is clear that they love their roles, and it shines through in their voices, their faces, and especially their acting.I neglected to mention the efforts of the crew. Without them, over 5,000 people strong, these movies would not have been possible. They created Middle Earth in such way that it seemed possible to be a shadow of our past: a past world on Earth that faded away long before our time. Thanks be to them.Yes, there are differences from the books. There always are, in any adaptation. I saw that some people commented about how weak a character they thought Frodo seemed compared to the book, because several moments in which he looks Evil in the face were shortened/changed in the film version. That isn't true. Not at all. True heroism means not only defending others, but accepting aid from others. True heroism means that one accepts that they can't do everything alone, and accepts the aid of those willing to give it. THAT is true heroism. Frodo shows that in every light, even if it isn't always obvious. You can see with much more than your eyes...Overall, if these were the last movies I thought worthwhile enough to watch (I hope cinema doesn't become that bad), it would be fine by me. Thanks to all of the people who brought this to us, the LOTR fans. To my fellow fans, I say: "May it be a light for you in dark places, when all other lights go out." 10/10, and then some.I think I can watch this film a billion times and not get bored. Today I saw LOTR for the third time and I noticed a few details.When Frodo is stabbed with the blade from the dark rider and the hobbits and Aragorn are in the forrest u can see 3 huge stone trolls in the background. To understand who they are you have to read The hobbit. - When the fellowship is traveling over the mountains everyone is walking IN the snow, except for Legolas who is walking ON the snow. The is because Elves are so light.Well when I saw these details I realised that Peter Jackson was even a greater director then I thought. And for the people who think that there are too much 'ring-shots' (sounds like a word from a porn movie) in the movie: THE MOVIE IS CALLED THE LORD OF THE RINGS GODDAMMIT, THE RING IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IN THE ENTIRE MOVIE! Some say that the movie is too long. It may be long but I never ever get bored watching. This movie is just brilliant, mayB just as brilliant as the book.It is my firm belief that the standard versions of The Lord of the Rings should be jettisoned in favour of the extended editions universally. Sure, the near 4 hour runtime is a tad steep, but for an absolute masterpiece like this, it's work every second and the first act of undoubtedly the best trilogy in cinematic history!Star Wars has been dethroned.  Although George Lucas' movies are good in their own right (except for the juvenile elements he puts in to sell toys to finance the franchise), his scripts (which borrow heavily from J.R.R.Tolkien, mythology & religion) can't compare with the brilliance of the literary trilogy `The Lord of the Rings'.  Granted, Lucas took on a herculean task in writing & directing his story himself, but Tolkien's words, along with Peter Jackson's faithful adaptation & inspired vision, have created something no one man could equal. Of course, it helps that Jackson insisted on at least a 2 picture deal, & New Line Cinema was brave enough to foot the bill up front for 3 movies. They spent $180 million to film all 3 simultaneously.  With the New Zealand exchange rate, that equals $360 million ($90 million ea.), but since they used many of the same sets, and FX development costs were spread throughout, we're seeing $120-$150 million on the screen.  This will ensure consistency in plot, casting, tone, etc.In 3 hours, Jackson has crammed everything essential from the first novel & then some into the film, rewriting some scenes & dialogue with lesser characters for the leads, leaving out only what there wasn't enough time for.  Basically, you have two 90 min. movies running back to back.  There are no slow spots, just one climax after another.  From the opening 10 min. backstory where the Dark Lord Sauron is shown on the battlefield wiping out men & elves 10 at a time with each swing of his mace, I was blown away.  The romance between Aragorn, king in exile, and Arwen, daughter of the elf-lord, is played up for the "Titanic" quotient, but it's well done. The story, sets, costumes & FX are so rich, you'll have to see the film several times to absorb everything.  The unspoiled New Zealand locales are spectacular, providing a variety of environments to represent the different settings on the characters' journey.  The location sets are imaginative, detailed & weathered, adding to their believability, while the studio sets match them in meticulousness.  The costumes are at once familiar & strange, drawing on both the medievil & the fantastic, but more important, they're also functional & practical.  The music by Howard Shore is appropriately sweeping, Celtic & folky in keeping with the novel, although it lacks the memorable themes of John Williams or Jerry Goldsmith, but neither would commit a year or more to a 3 picture project.  The FX are as they should be, unobtrusive & unnoticed most of the time, there only to support the story not draw attention away from it as in most Hollywood movies which try to coverup illogical plots & bad acting. I'm particularly gratified by the casting of Viggo Mortenson as Aragorn which was a last minute stroke of luck when the actor first chosen for the part backed out due to differences with the director.  I've always thought Mortenson had an intensity & striking but not pretty-boy looks that could portray a flawed, dangerous hero instead of the villains Hollywood always picked him for.A stellar cast giving some of their best performances, visuals that deliver beyond what I imagined, a perfect mix of humor, passion & tragedy, and a feeling of grandeur, scope & impending doom.  Perhaps as an ensemble piece with so many characters & the inability to concentrate on any one, it can't be measured against some of the classic character study films, but even the casual moviegoer can grasp the ideas & not get lost  As far as I'm concerned, it's one of the greatest films of all time.Barely ever hearing of The Lord of the Rings, I went in to see this film in theaters the consecutive Friday it was released, to not only be flabbergasted at its greatness, but wanting more! Since then, I devoted myself to seeing the following two films on the first day of release -- a promise I kept.Peter Jackson's take on Tolkien's fantasy masterpiece not only carries a great deal of the text to full film fruition, but shows the power of film, and proving that nothing is impossible. Jackson's vision is continuous, and never seems to loose grasp of the story that is being told. Using the artistry of John Howe and Alan Lee, The Fellowship of the Ring gleams with a beautiful and dark atmosphere, a length of detail that makes it seem like everyone and everything has its own history, and full of wondrous images one could never imagine.The acting is superb. With a complex script, each actor has transformed these characters into 3-D people with deep back-story, and people that we feel compassion for. This is one extraordinary ensemble cast. Each actor IS that character, making it seem impossible to imagine anyone else fill that person's shoe in their stead. Viggo Mortensen IS Aragorn. Sir Ian McKellen IS Gandalf the Grey. Elijah Wood IS Frodo Baggins. One could weep with our heroes should one fall, or feel inspired when they achieve victory. A fantasy with this much emotion just seems surreal, but it's completely believable.Never losing pace, the writing and direction is flawless, making for one enthralling introduction into Middle-earth. The voice over prologue fills even the most uneducated audience member with all the necessary knowledge they need to know in order to understand our heroes' and villains' motives. Some things of course have been omitted for pacing reasons. While not present in the theatrical cut, we do see the passing of the Grey Elves, and get a brief tale of Beren and Luthien. The barrow-wights and their story is no where to be seen (as interesting as it is in the book, there really is no place for it in this film) and Tom Bombadil is absent as well, but thankfully to the ingeniousness of the writers, in the Extended Edition of The Two Towers a little homage is paid to the character. Omissions and changes are always part of adapting a book to film, and the ones made by Peter Jackson, Phillipa Boyens and Fran Walsh are justifiable in every way.The action scenes are spaced out thoroughly enough for breathing room, plot advancement, and ever-continuing character development. Each action scene is its own, be it the flight to the Fjords of Bruinen, the Mines of Moria, or the showdown at Amon Hen near the end of the film. All are greatly choreographed, each stunt member and actor is full of energy and ambition as they wield deadly weapons at each others' heads and limbs. It really is a sight to behold.The special effects are mesmerizing. The use of CGI, miniatures/bigatures, and even clever camera angles blend to make one ideal image after the other. The soaring images of Barad-dur or Orthanc seem real when in fact, they only stand so many feet high. The Argonath, two figures of enormous height standing before the Anduin River seem like 300 foot creations, when in fact they are about only several feet off the ground. Simply jaw-dropping imagery.Howard Shore's score for The Fellowship of the Ring is a beautiful, epic, and complex piece of work that makes one feel like they have been entranced. Even when some of the text seems omitted from the screen, it can be heard through the powerful instrumentation conducted and created by this composer. The use of leitmotifs to symbolize a country, race, or character is stunning.Overall, The Lord of the Rings - The Fellowship of the Ring is a visionary masterpiece, allowing the world to see what seems like actual history with fantastic elements, equaling the greatness of Hollywood's earlier classics. As the first of three, one who has not seen these films can await the next several hours of their lives to be changed for ever.