I have been lucky enough to see two advanced screenings of Superbad in Burbank. It is one of the funniest movies I have seen in a long time. When I read the summary, I was a bit skeptical. The "high school comedy" is not exactly my cup of tea. My love for Michael Cera's performance in Arrested Development drove me to the theater and man was I glad I went. This is not your typical high school comedy. The writing is much smarter and funnier and the acting is superb. This movie so far transcends American Pie and its ilk that it cannot really even be compared. Go see this movie!!! I have a feeling it is going to go off the charts once the buzz gets around about how hilarious it is.Well, I just got back from the Superbad screening tonight (thanks to the folks at MySpace) and I must say that this is a very special teen movie. It has that same element of transporting you back to your high school days that the original American Pie had. Michael Cera does great as the awkward teenage kid, basically a reprise of his role as George Michael on Arrested Development. But it is Jonah Hill who absolutely rules this movie! He had me laughing from the beginning to the end. His "silly fat-kid" character is the only one in the history of movies that shows what it truly feels like to be the funny fat kid in high school. I should know, I was one! Gosh, I just can't believe how well he portrayed the unmitigated hell that was P.E.! Emma Stone and Martha Maclsaac also give very realistic depictions of teenage girls. None of that fake, over the top nonsense. The most over-the-top character was "McLovin" himself, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, who did a great job of having us laugh with him as much as we did at him.All in all, I think that everyone should be sure to watch this movie when it comes later this summer.This movie is one of the funniest of the 21st century. The jokes are hilarious, and it is spoken by a great cast. Jonah Hill, Michael Cera, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Seth Rogen, and others are excellent in their roles. The characters they play you really latch on to you. They are extremely likable in many ways. The dialogue is also superb. It's a fast moving script that gives many great lines by the end of the movie. Also at the end I sorta felt some happiness. It's one thing to make me laugh throughout, but to make a vulgar comedy like this actually make my heart warm is a very big plus. It's a film about friendship, and that message manages to find its way through all the vulgar stuff.4 stars out of 4One of the best comedies ever served in m y opinion. The all-too familiar Greg Mottola is the man at work here, and where credit is due I'll award points to the writer s Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg. However, this film would drop dead on its face without its hilarious cast undoubtedly, Jonah Hill and Christopher Mintz-Plasse being the two most unforgettable stars. Michael Cera is the kind of, I suppose, innocent-type guy who is both driven by hormones yet conflicted by almost inhuman genuine-ness and politeness. Not too many laughs coming from his way but when he did, he did so superbly. Bill Hader and Set Rogen were just top notch. I would also like to amend Emma Stone as Jules, who delivered the greatest "what the f*ck?!" in a good while.All these zany and truth be told rather realistic characters were interpreted pretty well and where as the film was insanely funny the character development was right on par with the laughs. That's probably the film's most monumental achievement, seeing as the soundtrack was one I was rather indifferent about (but not one I despised). "Super Bad" is grade A comedy at its finest.I'm not gonna lie; Movie previews / trailers are almost the deciding factor for me, in whether or not I even CONSIDER watching the movie. In other words, I almost didn't watch this movie due to the fact that the trailer looked stupid. I won't make this mistake again after watching this movie.This movie was TOTALLY NOT what I expected. It's funny throughout - from front to back, beginning to end.I recommend this movie to anyone who hasn't seen it, as well as those who have...Perfect 10!!!Extremely funny movie, and i love the caracters! Spot onSuperbad has been and mostly will be a favourite film of mine if not the best for me.Links to its nostalgia watching this whilst going through school and having these anxious feelings of what's next and feeling a need to "make memories"The film has it all it's wholesome, funny really good cinematography and perfect actors for the role it was wrote by Seth and Evan whilst they're around that age so it comes off very to the viewer it's not some typical project x blue mountain state film. Not too bash these but this is in a completely different league.I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a funny slice of life. It's heart touching side bearing film that I will continue to watch and love.And that may seem like a turn off to people (parents in general, but kudos to those who like it) because they don't expect the realism of the characters and their dialog. What people (parents) what to generally see for some odd reason is some High School Musical garbage lifestyle for a teenager which is completely unrealistic.Having said that, a few of the situations do seem unrealistic, but the message of friendship and dealing with life when it doesn't seem to be going as planned is universally understood by all males and surprisingly a lot of cool chicks who can handle the edgy jokes in between.I don't need a whole lot a space to said what I need to say so I'll give you the gist of it. 1. Almost every teen from 16 to 19 (and most guys for that matter) can probably say "That totally happened to me! It's like they know me!" or "I've had this conversation!"2. A punch line at every corner, and the jokes never get old. 3. It actually seems to get funnier and not "That was kind of funny...." 4. Can be watched over and over again. 5. Can be considered this generations Brat Pack, if they keep putting out hit after hit like this. If you don't like constant cussing or sex jokes, then stay away. It's your loss.Realistic portrayal of teenage trials...at last! Succeeds where so many have failed. Excellent cast deliver excellent script. Very funny. Anyone who can't relate to this film has had some very important chunks of their right of passage stolen. The farcical events could easily be real, and are probably based on true events. This film will stand the test of time, I've seen it three times and enjoyed each in same measure. Strict miserable parents should be forced to watch it. They might lighten up a bit! Anyone who doesn't fall half in love with this film cannot be human. A summary? A rare and wonderful film worth buying, keeping, and watching again and again!The funniest movie I have ever seen (this or anchorman). I almost never watch a movie twice. The only exceptions are a couple Power Ranger movies (oh the good days), Hangover, Half Nelson and this one. This had me laughing from start to finish, literally. Everyone in the theater was laughing hysterically and when I rented it on DVD, me and my friends still found it hilarious despite knowing the jokes. This movie will make you instantly fall in love with Mclovin and leave you quoting the movie for days. One word of caution, you might not want to watch it with your parents or kids. Unless your parents are really cool and unless your a really cool parent.I highly recommend this for anyone and everyone. 10/10Its a landmark movie that really helped this style of movie take off.By far the most unexpected movie for me in such a long time. I'm glad I saw this by far the funniest all year. The characters work, they seem real enough, raw, charismatic for both the two lead cast. They did great playing their roles specially through those laugh out loud situations. The plot? damn the plot when there's mclovin and two Mofo's trying to get booze and getting laid by the last girls that would with them.This is one of the best movie's this year a very different outlook on comedy, accurately done to project the stupidic purpose. But hey its all about the laughter and you cant miss this one. Extremely recommended. Even the portrayal of two bestfriends loving each other is awkward as it is hilarious to watch. 10/10 jonah did pull through here.The whole cast was hilarious and I've never laughed so much at a movie. It's absolute classic! Mclovin is one of the funniest character ever made!Superbad shows itself as a simple teen comedy, and it is, but there is a hidden intelligence to the whole thing. Superbad is hilarious, its comedy is greatly written, while its plot remains very straightforward.But Superbad shines in its dialogue, specifically the interactions between Micheal Cera's and Jonah Hill's Characters, they feel like real friends, some of the lines they exchange, although sarcastic and humorous, they are real. Very realistic, which is rare even among some of the greatest movies.Superbad is quite possibly the greatest teen comedy of all time. But underneath its stupid yet hilarious humor is a emotional study of friendship that is carried by the dialogue.I have to admit that I didn't really want to watch this film back in 2007/2008. I remember my brother saying I should watch it and the title of the film didn't really intrigue me but i thought i would give it a go, and glad I did. The film plot is very simple, and some could sat stupid or silly, but i feel this film is good because the plot is simple. I personally have to be in the right mood to watch a film that requires a good amount of concentration and lots of questioning. A simple story is often good. The films jokes are kind of like" Teen humor", but it it done in a way that is funny to all. I also enjoy the fact that they rip into the police/cops, and he mclovin scene in the shop is my favorite scene in the whole of the film. watch it you wont be disappointed.Superbad is a 2007 film that follows 3 friends (Jonah Hill, Michael Cera and Christoper Mintz-Plasse) on their quest to get alcohol for a party being thrown by Emma Stone's character Jules. Since they are graduating and going off to different colleges, they've made it their goal to get laid at the party before college. It's primarily a comedy but you could argue that it has a few elements of a coming of age film. It's filled with funny moments, relateable situations and memorable dialogue.The humour in this movie is very similar to that of Pineapple Express and This is the End, it's not that dark and a lot more grounded in reality than the other two but the humour is still noticeably similar. One of the funniest scenes in the movie sees Jonah Hills's character Seth consider buying alcohol despite being under 21. He imagines different scenarious that could unfold one of which has the security guard slit is throat with a broken bottle. The humour in the movie stems a lot of the time from relateable situations that are being blown out of proportion. For example, a lot of people would probably have embarassed themselves in front of a crush. However, they probably wouldn't have passed out and head butted them.While there may be a lot of moments in Superbad that are relateable for being Embarassing or Awkward, there are also a few that are relateable in a more positive way. For example, the end of the movie sees Seth and Michael Cera's character Evan saying goodbye to each other after the events of the film, knowing thay they will now be seeing a lot less of each other, which could at first be considered sad but when you think about it, it's something that pretty much everyone goes through, it could then be seen as Reassuring as it shows the audience that it's natural for you to drift apart from people who you thought would be in your life forever.The dialogue and writing in Suoerbad is also great. The two funniest characters in the film are a pair of dimwitted cops played by Seth Rogen and Bill Hader who take Christopher Mintz-Plasse's McLovin under their wing. One of my favourite lines in the film is When Bill Hader's Officer Slater asks McLovin if he's "familiar with Yoda from Attack of the Clones." Equally the dialogue between the main 3 teenagers is just as funny. From the crewd insults to the drunken slurs, everything they say in the film is something you'd expect a 18 year old to say.Superbad's status as a cult comedy future classic is well deserved. While it's yet to see if it will hold up, Superbad is currentlt one of the best, most relateable teen comedies available. I'd put it on the same level as other great teen comedies like the Breakfast Club and Dazed & Confused.This movie is one of the best movies of all time in my opinion and by far one of my favorite movies. The acting of Jonah hill and Michael Cera together always makes a great comedic movie. All of the jokes in the movie are funny for everybody unless your under the age of 12. This movie also has one of the most know scenes in all of Jonah hills movies the mclovin scene. Overall this movie is very funny and i am writing this review because I recommend people to watch it even though most people have already seen it and also I have to write this review for school.SUPERBAD (2007) **** Jonah Hill, Michael Cera, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Bill Hader, Seth Rogen, Emma Stone, Martha MacIsaac, Aviva, Stacy Edwards, Joe Lo Truglio, Kevin Corrigan, Dawn Morrow, David Krumholtz, Clement Blake, Erica Vittina Phillips, Brooke Dillman. (Dir: Greg Mottola)Hip To Be Square: One of The Year's Funniest Films; Hilarious – I'm "McLovin' It!!" Every generation gets their American GRAFFITI and the MySpace kids get theirs in one of the funniest films of the year, a howlingly hilarious look at a pair of high school senior buddies who face an uncertain future when they will be going to different colleges come fall.The two pals, Seth (Hill, best known for last year's funfest ACCEPTED and this summer's forthcoming KNOCKED UP) and Evan (Cera of the late, great Fox sitcom "ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT"), have known each other since kindergarten and on the cusp of high school graduation, with summer approaching and the need to hook up with someone before the friends go their separate ways. Evan is headed for Dartmouth (Seth failed to make the cut) with another fair-weathered geeky amigo, Fogell (Mintz-Plasse, a star-making scene stealer, who constantly serves as a source of annoyance for Seth who really wants to score with hottie classmate Jules (Stone, who resembles Lindsay Lohan and sounds like she swallowed Linda Fiorentino, with her husky/sexy vocals), who invites him to her weekend party and asks for a small favor: if he can buy her the liquor needed. Seth has it all planned out with Fogell getting a fake ID to get the alcohol, figuring that if they were both drunk the more likelihood they would have sex and she would simply think that he was a bad mistake considering their conditions. Skeptical Evan meanwhile is pining for his gal pal Becca (MacIsaac) who also invites him to Jules' party, so the trio get together to buy the booze, make the date and have the time of their lives one last time.Naturally things don't' go as planned and to divulge too much would take away the fantastically concocted craziness that ensues but lets just say two slacker cops ("SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE"'S Hader and co-screenwriter Rogen, who also serves as a producer with his fellow collaborator ,filmmaker Judd Apatow, inheriting the Harold Ramis/Ivan Reitman throne of smart/dumb vulgar comedies with rip-snorting gusto); an adult party involving illegal substances; some unlikely bonding; and of course the Holy Grail: Jules' party. Rogen, who wrote the script with his childhood chum Evan Goldberg – when both were in high school themselves, basing much of it on their experiences - is on a roll since his debut in the lamented excellent high school sitcom cult classic "FREAKS & GEEKS" and its companion college spin-off "UNDECLARED" , and support work in films like THE 40 YEAR OLD VIRGIN – and the anticipated starring gig in the aforementioned KNOCKED UP - has a talent for the raunch mixed with heart in this hysterical teen comedy that proudly wears its vulgarity as a badge of honor, and the mentoring of collaborator Apatow, have created another smash-hit cult classic in the making that ranks up with its genre forefathers like FAST TIMES AT RIDGEMONT HIGH and DAZED AND CONFUSED. Director Mottola (THE DAYTRIPPERS) handles the comedy with great skill and lets his young charges get their ya- yas out (** @ the sneak preview I attended, Rogen, Apatow, Hader and Mottola were there and it was confirmed that the cast were allowed to improvise and it shows) It clearly captures the hellish existence of adolescence, angst, anomie and in general feeling like a loser when a winner is deep inside all of us. And it has a plethora of dick jokes.What more can you ask for? Hill, who suggests the love child of the late Chris Penn and Gene Wilder – the former's raspy voice and the latter's manic likablities – is a truly gifted comic actor – here sporting a Richard Pryor t-shirt and rockin' his Jew'Fro - who finally has a showcase to show just how funny he is and it is genius to have the awkward deadpan of Cera, as the well-meaning and respectful nerd who comes into his own as well.. Sexy newcomers Stone and MacIsaac also hold their own with their likable co-stars. But it is newbie Mintz-Plasse making an audacious film debut (his first acting gig ever!!) who suggests the coolest geek since the aforementioned GRAFFITI'S Charles Martin Smith's "Terry The Toad", as Fogell , AKA , "McLovin'" – the singular moniker he chose for the fake ID, who steals the film with his mouth-breathing stylin' doofus who gets in one crazy situation after another with the police officers, who themselves prove to be just as cluelessly enabling their young charge with one ridiculously insane endeavor after another.Trust me if you need to laugh long and hard from the funky opening credits with a killer soundtrack – from start to finish you will be in spasms of laughter to the point of pee-in- your-pants submission. By all means make sure you see this come August when it will be officially be released. You'll be McLovin' it too!!THE COOLEST AND THE BEST MOVIE EVER I REALLY WANT TO WATCH IT FOR THE 3rd TIME NOWThis is a total classic and I love everything about it. 11 years later wow so crazy but such a great film about high school and the pressures of sex.First of all, any review that uses 'Superbad' in its title in an attempt to put the movie down reveals more about the depth of the review rather than the movie itself.While there is nothing new about a movie that features a bunch of teenage boys obsessing over the opposite sex and ways to get laid, it is unfair to compare Superbad to American Pie, Porky's and the like.The key factor that drives this movie beautifully are the characters. If we didn't know someone like Seth, Even and Fogell at school then that's probably because we were like one of them. Each of the actors superbly portrays the bravado boys use to mask their insecurities over dealing with girls.The humour is plentiful, funny and appropriate and yes, there's plenty of bad language and crudity, but we're talking about a teen movie here, not an Alfred Hitchcock classic. Anyone watching a teen movie who then gets offended by swearing and sex should not be watching that movie in the first place.This movie reminds me of my own days at school decades ago now when us guys simply could not stop using the 'F' word and looking back we must have sounded ridiculous. I can also remember my first day lying about my age not in order to buy alcohol but adult magazines off the top shelf as well as the first alcohol fuelled party that I attended. Superbad brings these memories back vividly.Even though I'm a big fan of Ferris Bueller's Day Off, I have to admit that Bueller's character was not only unrealistic and outlandish, but bordering on dislikeable. Watching it recently I found myself rooting for Principal Ed Rooney to give Bueller his comeuppance.Geekily charming, yet annoying and endearing at the same time Fogell 'McLovin' now has to be one of my all time favourite teen characters. The characters of Officer Slater and Officer Michaels only work well because they bounce off the character of McLovin. Seth and Even work well as a teen odd couple and all three lead characters are developed well to the extent that you even end up rooting for all of them. So, all in all a very funny movie, with some very touching moments. If you want to watch a movie that takes you back to your school days, your old friendships and your attempts at trying to pass for 21, this is it.Seth Rogan, talent is all i can say. A cast of talented unknowns, a dynamite script. A damn good time, there are some films that give off no indication as to why they are so loved, like the Rocky Horror Picture Show as an example. Superbad's main card is that it is, strikingly honest in it's comedic situations, it's a film that anyone who was ever a young male, can relate too. Though females may find little humor in this film, men will be in stitches. I can see countless offended viewers that may walk out of this film offended, shocked. It is all an act, it's just too true for them to handle. That policeman may not be entirely perfect, that boys do have penis' and girls do have vagina's. That sex is good, that the moments that the world tells us to forget are the best times of our lives. Enjoy Superbad for it's glorious political incorrectness.Virdict: Bring out the lubricant!!!!Superbad is one of those movies where you laugh out loud the whole way through. Michael Cera and Jonah Hill's relationship is hilarious and more importantly so real. Their chemistry drives the film but the supporting actors are equally as brilliant. As someone who just recently graduated high school, I can relate perfectly to the characters and their emotions as well the realness of the dialogue and partying. This movie is better than American Pie, more real than Dazed and Confused, and I can even say funnier than Fast Times. That's saying a lot. I just really can't express how funny this film is. Go see it right now if you haven't. I give it 9.5/10 only because it has about a 10 minute slow period, but the other 105 minutes are the most brilliant 105 minutes I've ever seen in comedy.I was able to catch one of the black curtain screenings that myspace put on in Anaheim. Some may ask why I was waiting in a line for 3 hours, an the answer I will give you is Jonah Hill. My buddy and I think that he is the funniest thing to ever appear on a screen. I don't want to spoil this movie for anyone, but basically you should go see it. You will laugh, no matter who you are, and it is every actor at his or her finest. If you liked knocked up or 40 year old virgin, you will love this movie. It has the same feel to it, but a totally different premise. Jonah Hill is at his best and so is Rogen. Seriously, just go see it.An instant classic, this is one of the most hilarious comedies ever. Not only is it very entertaining, original and refreshing, but its not slow like Napoleon Dynamite or something like that. Jonah Hill, Cera and Mintz-Plasse have amazing on-screen chemistry while Bill Hader and Seth Rogen are great as the two renegade police officers. Anybody who does not watch Superbad, has been deprived of seeing one of the funniest movies ever. There are plenty of amazing jokes, scenes and scenarios in this movie, and ultimately it never gets old. I am going to buy this movie and watch it every now and then, because its worth it. IMDb Rating: 7.9. MY Rating: 10/10