I'm guessing that everybody knows the story of this movie by now, but for those who might not have had the opportunity to see this great movie, it's quite a simple formula. The Miami Dolphins mascot is stolen and by word-of-mouth advertising Ace Ventura (Jim Carrey) is called into manic action. His job is to find the dolphin and return it before The Miami Dolphins' crucial game.
Jim Carrey is quite simply amazing, I never stopped laughing the whole way through the movie. This is surely Carrey's best work, even now. OK, Dumb and Dumber and The Mask are very funny movies too, but this takes the biscuit. Everything Ace does made me laugh, from whipping football player's with a towel to get a ring imprint to showing up at a mansion party and being his usual manic self.
100 laughs per hour, if you have a sense of humour, then this movie is for you!!!
In 1994, a year that gave us Forrest Gump, Pulp Fiction and The Shawshank Redemption, Morgan Creek Productions and Warner Bros. Pictures came out with the funniest film of the decade, err, 1994, with the Jim Carrey super-vehicle, ACE VENTURA: PET DETECTIVE.
Right off the bat, it is a Jim Carrey showcase: chasing missing albino pigeons, rescuing a pampered shiatsu, and making high speed getaways, this all works because it is Ace Ventura, a hilarious, live-action cartoon character who spouts one-liners like an M-16.
The premise of the film is that the Miami Dolphin's team mascot, Snowflake the dolphin, has been captured and needs to be found in time for the Super Bowl. Ace is hired and the sexy Courtney Cox is made his partner until the dolphin is recovered. With an assortment of funny situations like Ace falling into a great white shark tank (!), a montage of Ace searching for a missing jewel, Ace head banging in a CANNIBAL CORPSE concert, it's all gold, and as you have read, Ace is what drives this film into comedy genius!
It was a busy and successful year for Jim Carrey, as he came out with another pair of comedy blockbusters, the LOOSELY translated Dark Horse comic THE MASK, and his hilarious buddy comedy with Jeff Daniels, DUMB and DUMBER.
Thanks to Tom Shadyac for letting Carrey out of the bag and letting this damn funny Canadian strut his lanky stuff.
It has some offensive, adult-oriented material, but if caught on television, this is nearly perfect family entertainment: as long as you don't mind your kids talking from their a$$es for the next couple months.
We saw "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective" right after "The Mask" came out. We could not have possibly predicted how wacky it would be. At the moment when Jim Carrey started butt-talking, my dad shouted out: "Lee, he's crazy!" And believe you me, he really was. Anyone who knows anything about the movie probably knows that Carrey plays the title character, who has to find the Miami Dolphins' mascot. But mostly, the whole movie is an excuse for him to be silly. And of course, the woman who played reporter Melissa (Courtney Cox) went on to play the reporter in the "Scream" trilogy.
Well anyway, Ace Ventura really is a master of disguise, and it's almost hard to believe that after almost ten years of stagnation in comedy, this movie came and changed the way that we think about humor. Hilarious.
I've seen this movie several times and it always makes me laugh which is the whole point. Comedy is very subjective so what everyone finds funny will be different. Some people forget that movies are meant to entertain first and "messages" are extras.
Let it be known that Jim Carrey is a comic madman. He may not be the smartest cat on the stage, but there's no question that his act, especially in "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective," is the real deal.
Director Tom Shadyac saw fit to put the Man with the Rubber Face, later The Man on the Moon, in his own starring vehicle with this comedy hit from 1994. I've never laughed so hard in my life; that was from the first time I saw it. I saw "Shaun of the Dead" 10 years after Carrey's vehicle; that was another time when I laughed myself silly.
Sure, the humor is immature from time to time. But that's part of Carrey's act, as the colorful gumshoe of the title, who takes on the case of retrieving the Miami Dolphins' prized mascot, Snowflake, after it's stolen from its tank one night. Of course, as the title would lead you to believe, Ace Ventura is no ordinary detective. "I don't do humans," he asserts to us. His specialty is pets. It's hard out there for pet detectives, since it's a field that nobody takes too seriously, except Ace, that is. So when he gets the call for duty, he's all over the case.
His investigation pairs him with Melissa Robinson ("Friends" Courteney Cox), and the two uncover some startling details about the Miami team's history, and one of its most controversial players, who missed the field goal kick at the 1984 Super Bowl that would have won the game and blames Dan Marino for the whole thing. That player hasn't been seen since. Meanwhile, Ace runs afoul of Miami police department lieutenant Lois Einhorn (Sean Young), who seriously needs to take a chill pill and is hiding something more than just a gun under her skirt.
"Ace Ventura: Pet Detective" is a comic tour de force. Of course Carrey has done plenty of better things since this flick, but for commercial purposes, so let's just leave that in the future. Ace Ventura is something that only he could have done, and made it work. Sure his methods are "unusual," but hey, he gets the job done.
I first watched this when it was released on video and I have to say it's one of my favs! Jim Carrey is classic in this, his best movie by far. I have never seen anything like it and probably won't again. It's fresh, the pace is good and the acting by Carrey is very funny.
It's light, entertaining and no too serious which means you can tune in and out without really missing much.
The first time viewing this movie it was turned off 2-3 minutes into it and put back on the shelf.
Two days later, a guest came over and wanted to watch it. I was laughing and asking who is this guy? Aaaaaaaalllrighty Then! is such a catch phrase.
Having no idea who Jim Carey was at the time this is just comic gold. Easy 10 stars.
Not sure while my first viewing was a total rejection, but falling off the couch funny it was for the second viewing and the few 100 times afterwards.
Super funny, great detective story and very entertaining
Jim Carrey plays a mental patient struggling to find love and it is a masterpiece.
This will ways be one of my all time favorites and most quoted movies. I've watched it more times than I can count. It's hilarious!!