Absolutely loved it!!!
One of the few movies I have been wishing they would make a sequel of for years! The first is definitely one of my favorites, and this one will be going up on that list with the first. It just almost surpasses the first, almost.... At the very least it is definitely equal to the first in every aspect. I purposely avoided the trailers and everything talking about it over the past few months as I didn't want to know anything until I got to see it lol...This movie is one of my favorite movies of 2019. Not only is the action good but it is outstandingly hilarious. Every minute of the movie I laughed. 10/10 for me."Zombieland: Double Tap" is the #1 Movie in America so far, it's hilariously funny, it brings out the most joy of zombie comedy, and it's brings out "Shaun of the Dead, and "The Walking Dead" reference. It's just like the first film, in some other way of to enjoy the little things. But for this second film of Zombieland: Double Tap, you're gonna enjoy a lot of things.Every bit as good as the first one... of not better!
I'll be going to see it again... and I cannot remember the last time I went to see a movie multiple times!The best movie of the year !!! fantastic! It was the funniest 90 min of this year!Woody does it again! Hilarious,great story,brilliant sequel! I hope they make another. Cameos were great as well.Hilarious great blast! Bigger budget, new characters, amazing dialogue, and awesome soundtrack! I laughed more and louder than anyone else which to me was so nice. I haven't laughed so hard in a long time. Some suspenseful bits were so great and the surprises were perfect, I won't spoil, I will just say I am very satisfied with everything. Delighted I got to see a double feature event so much fun and early release is nice; I hope my opinions are appreciated I am trying to be known with my reviews either way I feel at peace.I totally recommend this if you liked the first zombieland and it's another one of those rare times where a sequel doesn't suck, just grab some snacks, bring some friends, have fun, and laugh your ass off10 long years we have waited for this sequel. In a world full of sequels no one has ever really asked for, Zombieland: Double Tap is quite an interesting case. Judging by the current IMDb rating (7.2) it seems to be well received.
So, does it have a life-changing story? No.
Does it have an interesting plot twist? No.
Was it worth watching? Absolutely!
Unlike most sequels, Zombieland did not spit out it's sequel a year or two after. This, whether intended or not, made sure that fans would not grow tired of this world. Compared to the Fast and Furious franchise or the Pirates of the Carribbean. watching this sequel does not feel like a chore.
As such, it does not need any revolutionary new elements to the plot.
It does not need any deeper themes mirroring current issues. hough I think there were quite a few minor jabs at vegans/animal activists, which might explain the comparetively low critics score on rotten tomatoes.Considering Harrelson is a vegan himself though, these jokes just seem harmless and not overly political. Generally, I must say I have really enjoyed watching a movie that does not prioritize its political message of diversity, empowerment and god knows what over everything.
Sometimes all you need is more of the same. And that is what you get watching Zombieland: Double Tap. Definitely worth a watch. I will watch it again soon.I had low expectation coming to see the sequel after enjoying the first one . But damn they delivered it .. great movie , great new characters ..We've waited 10 years for this and people it didn't disappoint. Followed on from the first movie. The one liners were epic.. Story line may not win any oscars but this movie is a must see if you enjoyed the first.10/10Everything you expect and more .. Fun and Action and good new characters .. With a beautiful storyI enjoy this second film more than first one. It much funnier and great sense of humor! I love it a lot! Probably my favorite zombie movie right now!10/10Hands up I never saw the original Zombieland, but what a blast Double Tap is. The whole cinema was roaring with laughter. Director Ruben Fleischer takes his four gunslingers and upgrades their accommodation, it's the White House baby. Just a little pruning in the garden first. The zombies have also had an upgrade. Categorised from Homer to Hawking, Ninja and T-800s. Damm they're hard to kill, even with double-tap.Woody Harrelson's Tallahassee is Commander in Chief in the newly requisitioned White House, queue the music, and Abigail Breslin is the unhappy First Daughter. Little Rock is looking for more excitement with kids her own age. Difficult in a zombie apocalypse. But there's always Christmas (any day you like), and Lincoln doesn't need his gun anymore (I think it was his), so Tallahassee gifts it to Little Rock. And her sister Wichita played by Emma Stone gets no less than the Hope diamond as an engagement ring from Jesse Eisenberg's Columbus. Love is sweet.But things don't always go to plan and the boys find themselves alone when the girls split, and fancying a little retail therapy one day. Columbus loves candles, of course he does, and of all the candle departments in all the world wanders Madison. Played by Zoey Deutch in pink, she has survived the 'acropolis' by living in a freezer and being blonde. Because zombies eat brains says Tallahassee. Ouch. She's a scream. And she and Columbus hit it off. Tallahassee not so much.But in all horror movies there's always a bang in the night, (or several going on upstairs in the Lincoln bedroom), as Wichita comes back for more guns. Maybe she thought her and Columbus were on a break, when she meets Madison. But she's back now because Little Rock has gone off with a musician hippie called Berkely to live in a peace loving commune called Babylon. Avan Jogia is gorgeous but sprinkling patchouli oil and passing Bob Dylan songs off as his own will not stop the zombie hordes. And Tallahassee is not happy he's a musician, that gag never gets old, so the gang (plus Madison, sans luggage) need to saddle up and rescue Little Rock. Even from herself.It's hilarious with snappy one liners and crazy zombie comic book kills. And the best Zombie Kill of the Year is the Leaning Tower of Pisa. What a roll. The minivan ride not so much as Little Rock took Tallahassee's motor; the Presidential Beast. But the destination is Memphis and Graceland. And Tallahassee is a huge fan. En-route Madison may take a hit for the team with trail mix, but she'll show up again.And for Gone With The Wind fans Gracelands now looks like Twelve Oaks after Sherman rode through. But there is a little motel nearby that doubles as an Elvis museum, and sweet, the Beast is parked outside. Little Rock and Berkely are gone but inside are the mythical blue suede shoes that fit Columbus just so. But Tallahassee looks cool in white. It's run by Rosario Dawson's badass Nevada, she's a big fan of the King. And she has some friends. Her ex Luke Wilson's Albuquerque and his side kick Flagstaff, played by Thomas Middleditch, are the Ross and Russ to Tallahassee and Columbus. As Wichita stays on the side line. But those new T-800's are ferocious little buggers who just won't stay down. Bit like the new Rev-9 of the future! Elvis would turn in his grave at the carnage.But after tearful goodbyes, eventually our would be rescuers arrive at Babylon, where crazily all guns are melted down. And seeing that Little Rock wants to stay Tallahassee decides to head out West and find his true Indian self. Just as our hippies are celebrating with fireworks. They always draw a crowd..of zombies. So armed with nothing, Tallahassee turns around the minivan for one heroic last stand with hippies versus the zombies.There may have been some mean spirited Venom from critics, that's twice then! But the A-list actors looked like they were having a ball. As a standalone film it was fantastic fun, it was easy to pick up the storyline! and I loved the goofy horror and screen bullet points. Chung-hoon Chung created a great zombie wasteland with Martin Whist's production design. Great job.My brother and I went last night. It's a good thing it was a Monday night and the theater was lightly attended. We were laughing so loudly at so many times during the movie. We weren't alone. Laughter from every corner of the theater.A great successor to the original.This is a pure comedy movie enjoy the moments and the situational comedy. If you like more intense zombie movies or serials please stick to walking dread and stay at homeNeeds third movie so funny even better than first movie go see for sure worth doing friendHonestly the best movie of 2019 by far. If you liked the first one, this steps up by miles, so you'll love it!Perfect mix between comedy, action and just all round awesomeness. This is my first time actually writing a quick review so take it from me this is worth seeing at the movies 10/10I never usually give rating out but this movie is just as good as the first for me personally, I really wished they did not mess up with the new involvement of actors but they fit right in the comedy is on par with the first and if you liked the first definitely will the second. The second movies usually aren't as good as the first but this one killed it. This is my opinion as I am a huge fan of the first and now of the second.EDIT: I have now watched this movie 3 Times and plan on watching it the fourth, something about this movie is really just making me love it more and more... I genuinely think it is now better then the first one to me. This is my personal opinion and some may feel different but I now have this movie ranked as my 2nd favourite movie of all time no joke.I can't believe how they got very lucky to make a sequel from very long wait from very first sequel zombieland (2009) i remember seeing this film in 9th grade and this come out theaters as well i remember how popular it was, then production had issues making sequel, they said they won't make sequel and it won't happen i am like that's very disappointing and depressing sadly Woody Harrelson I don't know. I don't feel like a sequels guy and he said I've never wanted to do a sequel in the previous movies I've done until this one. but sadly i don't know why and why Woody would not do sequel's for zombieland ? it's sadly first film got success it would be sad not to see those cast ever again idon't understand what's going with Woody Harrelson in his role he looks like he is having fun, he is enjoying it you can tell he is having a lot fun, if i had a role that i loved and i enjoyed if they ask me to do sequel i would but it depends how sequels are. Woody Harrelson and Jesse Eisenberg confirmed in February 2010 their return for the second installment of the series, i have no idea how woody changed his mind. in 2011, Jesse Eisenberg said that he was "not sure what's happening" with the sequel but that the writers were working on a script for Zombieland 2. Eisenberg expressed concern that a sequel would no longer be "relevant. but then Woody makes another silly excuses saying i am not a sequels guy ?? but what made him confirm the role then ? if he is not sequel guy but i think he is talking full of crap. in 2017 the script for Zombieland 2 had been completed, director Ruben Fleischer who directed veryfirst zombieland (2009), 30 Minutes or Less witch i didn't like, Gangster Squad that i enjoyed, Venom not so much i didn't hate film i wish tom hardy wasn't star could cast someone else, it should R RATED not much fan of Venom at all. but with this film it's well done better what Ruben did i give him credit for that going back to sequel has to be completed. at least making sequel is much morebetter then making stupid silly TV series that got cancelled what amazon thinks that's going to get huge success, they haven't followed rules, rule number 1 don't try overtake first film, without trying making this sequel to see if it's success. then finally they made this sequel it's time for nut up for shut up to TV series because now this is a kickass hardcore zombie comedy film you will enjoy.the story of this film still follows up 10 years from first (2009) zombieland film and the problem is how in earth are they still having ammo, food, how are they surviving i mean everything takes place after 10 years ago. 4 guys returning cast Tallahassee (Woody Harrelson), Columbus (Jesse Eisenberg), Little Rock (Abigail Breslin), Wichita (Emma Stone) surviving still killing zombies as usually they have become experts in identifying and disposing of various zombies i loved idea in this film witch they went to living in the abandoned White Houseand really loved costume limo president limo with a minigun at top sick idea that's perfect for a zombie Apocalypse, after Colmubus wanted to marry Wichita is because they have been in relationship in 10 years ago so he is ready to get married with Wichita so she refused she said no i am not ready. now since little rock is grown up she hope she can find a guy to have boyfriend to have family together. but Tallahassee refuse what little rock wants. so the next morning Tallahassee finds a letter just like first film when little rock and Wichita leaves them behind is because Tallahassee still treats her like a child, and Wichita's fear she is too attached to Columbus. so they go out their tosearch for them and theirs pretty girl Madison (Zoey Deutch) known for Vampire Academy, dirty grandpa, good kids, why him ?, Before I Fall. what happened Madison has survived alone for years inside the freezer of Pinkberry
but she quickly falls in love with Columbus, Columbus expect it to have sex all because that he thought Wichita was not coming back anymore. so next day Wichita got upset she didn't care at all, Madison is a dumb blonde not a strong female character like Wichita but at least she was funny and clumsy but in a funny way she wasn't very annoying a little but she wasn't annoying as hell in film. you have rest of another supporting cast like Nevada (Rosario Dawson)known for sin city, Netflix marvel shows, she is in every movies you seen her in she did fine in movie, (Luke Wilson) Albuquerque he is like another version type look like Tallahassee with redneck look and accent and so as Flagstaff, Albuquerque's partner it's like those 4 of guys are who shares similarities with Columbus Tallahassee. i liked how Tallahassee is in love with Nevada they have great love chemistry together. I laughed a bit with this film but to be honest,the only time I laughed out loud fully was even before the opening credits during the Columbia Pictures intro with your statue of Liberty. that was something that has never happened in any another movies at all. this is a very surprising sequel of all time lucky enough i thought this was going to be like spoiled sequel like dumb and dumber 2 when that got flop. Funny references to zombie fans of Shaun of the Dead AND The Walking Dead. It was smart to have it come out close to Halloween for this film wish it could come out closeto Halloween. and believe me people this sequel is should not be missed if you didn't see first film in theater, this sequel has hold it very well. it has a lot of blowing up zombies, new action scenes, tons of tons of fun it never stops it always nut up for action, comedy, gore everything you need from first film added to this Zombieland sequel still has "Attitude" and Zoey Deutch Steals The Movie for me because i thought she was funny for threw out movie but she wasn't very annoying she was a bit but still i think her character stole the movie. unexpected, delightful surprise. Playing the dumb blonde is a hard act to do well without being very annoying and too clumsy. Hilarious great blast! Bigger budget, new characters, amazing dialogue, and awesome soundtrack for opening I laughed more and louder than anyone else which to me was so nice I don't remember witch film i have laughed so hard in a long time. Somesuspenseful bits were so great and the surprises were perfect, I won't spoil I will just say I am very satisfied with everything. if people say to me witch is one better i recokin i say they both better because sequel still holds up just like first one because their wasn't sloppy stupid jokes or over top annoying comedy just like TV series witch is awful. don't ever leave the theater after movie ends don't forget to double tap to sit down and watch Bill Murray cameo again witch was funny and at end of credits don't ever leave or turn off film because there's mid credit scene and end of credits. if you didn't leave after mid credits or ending credits you have double tap for that. 10 out 10 i loved this movie this sequel still hold up very well after first film from 10 years ago. i highly recommended it and i hope they don't forever ever again to make zombieland 3 !It's not like the first one but still amazing movieNo complaints this movie is funny from beginning to endThe wait was worth it! It's just as funny as the first.Sure look, it was never going to be as good as the original but it was as close as you're gonna get.
I'll pause now while you do the age old list of sequels that were better. Once you get to Godfather II and maybe John Wick you're back here.
Seeing as I mention John Wick, this film takes the same transport of a continuing the story. In essence it's just one longer film with a 10 year intermission.
It has everything a zombie comedy flick needs.
Hats off to the fact that they doffed their own hats to Shaun of the Dead.
The walking dead reference was heeee-let it arrive-larious.
Also the T2 comments very clever.
It is brilliant!! Simples. If you loved the first one then you will love this.
If I say anymore i'm Borderline spoilers as it is, sure look....
I hope they make a third - fantastico!!!!I absolutely enjoyed myself again with this second film. It was literally the fastest hour and a half of the year watching a movie. It's just pure fun hearing those 4 banter back and forth. I thought Zoey Deutch was hilarious, and the double understudies of Tallahassee and Columbus was also clever and fun. This is just my kind of humor and action and fun.