Peter Sellers was Peter Sellers. Steve Martin is Steve Martin. In the same way, Steve Martin's Inspector Jacques Clouseau is a totally new creation, as uniquely Martin's as the original was uniquely Sellers'. The essential details are the same: the ridiculous accent, the unique level of incompetence, the tendency to karate-chop the air on reflex. But instead of trying to emulate Sellers, Martin fills out the character with his unique brand of goofiness. By the end of the movie, I had totally accepted Steve Martin as the new Inspector Clouseau, never once trying to compare him to Peter Sellers.The film starts out with narration by Kevin Kline as Chief Inspector Dreyfus (Herbert Lom's character in the older films). The narration contains a few groan-worthy clichés but only exists long enough to set up the plot. Kevin Kline sometimes struggles to keep his French accent straight, but he makes up for it later in the movie with his willingness to be the butt of several gags.The movie then moves to one of its high-points: the credits. An animated version of Steve Martin's Clouseau chases after the famous Pink Panther to a traditional rendition of Henry Mancini's theme. The sequence is not only the cartoon cat's funniest appearance so far (Must be happy to be doing something other than insulation commercials), but it's a treat for fans of the original films willing to indulge. Several moments pay tribute to the animated sequences of the Peter Sellers films, including "A Shot in the Dark." Then the real movie begins. Steve Martin shines as Inspector Clouseau, nailing the ridiculous accent perfectly. It even varies slightly from Sellers'. The plot is that of a conventional murder mystery, a nice change from the muddled plots of the previous movies. It's even possible for the viewer to spot the clues.Steve Martin's Clouseau has been upgraded from mere idiot to idiot savant. He's accident prone, absent minded, and slow on the uptake, but when he's got time to sit down and think it's not hard to believe he's capable of solving the case.Beyonce's character, while important to the plot, actually gets only a small amount of screen time. Her role requires only average acting talent. She may not be the most competent actress, but she is very competent when it comes to giving the camera absolutely smoldering stares.I found myself rooting for Martin to solve the case and get the girl. No, not Beyonce. Emily Mortimer as Dreyfus' scatterbrained secretary. She and Martin have great chemistry, as do Martin and sidekick Jean Reno. There's a real warmth in the relationship between Clouseau and Reno's character. The tired routines that were recycled so many times in the original films are thankfully gone, though there are several subtle nods to those familiar with the older films. While, sadly, the movie never once reaches the level of hilarity the originals did, the laughs are steady, the story flows nicely, and the characters are extremely likable. The movie may or may not appeal to fans of the original movies, but fans of Martin, especially the young ones acquainted with him (as well as director Shaun Levy) from the "Cheaper by the Dozen" movies, will love it.I can't say it's a "great movie" because it probably wasn't. However, I was too busy laughing to notice. I honestly don't remember the last time I've laughed that hard, which is what this type of movie is supposed to be about.It actually has a reasonable plot line, etc. when compared to other slapstick type movies, but that is not what makes it a great movie. This movie is about laughing, pure and simple--if you're looking for more than that, go see something different. If nothing else, just hearing actors that are pretty familiar run around with an (intentionally) ridiculous french accent makes it worthwhile.Well, going in, I really expected that I was going to be be disappointed. Since I am a long time fan of the original Pink Panther movies, I knew it was a tall order to even come close. To my delight, however, I was pleasantly surprised. Even though I love Peter Seller's portrayal of Clouseau, it didn't stop me from enjoying Steve Martin's take on the role. The chemistry of the cast is good and the storyline moves along in an interesting and entertaining way. Kevin Klein does a good job playing the egocentric Chief Inspector and Jean Reno and Emily Mortimer provide good support. Don't let the jaded critics discourage you from seeing this funny movie. Go and enjoy an evening of light, well-executed silly, comic fun. I really hope they make a sequel!I've been psyched to see this movie for a long time. It seems like it has taken forever to make it to the theater. I was concerned to say the least. Firstly, I am a huge Sellers fan. I have seen every one of his movies that I have been able to get my hands on. I am also a huge Martin fan, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels is by far my fav of his, so I had this dread that I would have to choose a favorite Clouseau, much like a child of divorce would be asked to choose the mother or the father. Forget it. Comparasins are unfair and only seek to create bias'. I love both Martin and Sellers in the same role for different reasons. Do not watch this movie and think of Martin as an imitator of Sellers and you will enjoy it all the more. Second. I don't know what the critics are complaining about. The humour of this movie is well thought out with gags constantly being set up and paid off throughout. The critics seem to blast the movie for lack of plot. Who cares that much about plot in comedy? I often get ticked off when "comedies" sacrifice comedy for plot, it's like "Oh God, now they gotta do plot advancement, I'm going to the bathroom." Because do you know what you get if you concentrate too much on plot? You get a drama. That would be the frowning thespian mask. If I'm kept laughing I really don't notice plot. The Marx Brother's Paramount movies come to mind. Duck Soup, Horsefeathers, and the others really didn't have much plot either, but they were hilarious. Honestly, nobody goes to a movie saying "I'm looking to see a movie with a nice sound plot without any holes."? If they do, they probably go alone. No. Most people go saying: "I want to laugh!" "I wan't to cry." "I want to see stuff blow up!" I went to The Pink Panther saying, "I want to laugh." I did. In fact, you know how you feel a little tired from a good comedy because you laughed so much that you got a workout? Well, I'm a little sore. Finally, I end on one small criticising remark. I was disappointed that Clouseau solved the crime with intelligence and observation rather than having it fall into his lap. For me the charm of the character Clouseau in the old movies was the fact that he bumbled and did everything wrong only to end up solving the case. Other than that, I highly recommend The Pink Panther. It's even worth the evening price for a ticket.Peter Seller was the first Clouseau! Martin is the funnier Clouseau! I liked old Pink Panther movies but I loved this One. Just like the older Pink Panther movies there is no nudity or bad words, but still it is very funny. I and my wife were laughing for hours after the movie ended.There are very few movies that are equally funny for the parents and kids. I like Cartoons and I take my kids to watch them, but there are no just plain funny movies that all family can go to. I will take my 4 year old to see it and I think he will love it just as much as I did.to fill, and came away almost scot-clean. Although not quite up to Sellers in the comedic timing department. He is very much his equal in the mangling of whatever language he was trying to speak. I have all of the previous Panther installments in my video library, and treasure them greatly. I always laugh out loud whenever I view them. I believe this installment will bring me the same pleasure. I took my 14 year old daughter, and she as well was rolling in her seat. As was the entire theater we were in. And as always, when a comedic masterpiece has been viewed by the 10-16 year old male audience, you will hear the funniest lines quoted all the way out of the theater. "Ah wood lock to bah uh AM-bourg-air!" Instant Classic!Funniest movie of the year. I'm surprised at all the 1's voted for this movie- I know for a fact the majority of 1's are from people who haven't seen this movie. Don't judge a book by its cover and certainly don't judge a movie by its trailer! The funniest parts were not from the trailer! In fact the movie can be classified as funny non-stop- the excitement of Steve Martin's portrayal has to rank up as one of the most unpredictable and funniest since Jim Carrey's "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective." I do hope this movie does good at the box office and has a sequel because I'd love to see Steve Martin as the Inspector again. He was perfect for the part.And I have to say, Hamburgers have an affect on everyone, not just the Inspector. Though, I think not many people have a problem saying it like Clouseau.My Wife and I are BIG FANS of both Peter Sellers and Steve Martin. We had a Great Time and this film will be a great stepping off point for the next Pink Panther series ! Steve Martin is GREAT as Inspector Jacques Clouseau, everyone will find a cast member they will enjoy Beyonce does a great job as the girlfriend of the victim with a heart and shows more depth and craft with each film, Jean Remo (loved him in The Professional and Ronin) does a great job and deserves to return. Kevin Kline did well and there were times if you closed your eyes you almost heard Herbert Lom.Time is short, money can be wasted, and there are few weekends until a film passes forever to Video. This is one worth seeing at the Cinema, you can take you Kids or GrandKids to and not be ashamed; and Peter Sellers would be proud of Steve Martin's writing AND Performance ! Well Done !I went to see The Pink Panther with some trepidation. I had not heard a great deal about this film prior to its release. That's usually not a good thing. Steve Martin's efforts over the past few years have been confined to "feel good" family comedies. That's not an approach that would fit a film needing a good amount of physical comedy wrapped in a sense of absurd irony. And how do you replace Peter Sellers.....? Steve Martin has pulled often something I thought impossible. He has made a very, very funny movie in the tradition of the original Pink Panther without replicating every scene and plot development. It had some familiar moments but things kept getting turned upside down (keep the globe scene in mind!).His speech and mannerisms did not conflict with my memories of Peter Sellers at all and I really learned to appreciate Martin for the genius that he is. I never thought ordering a hamburger could be so funny.The supporting cast is stellar. It is hard to beat Kevin Kline and Jean Reno in any film. Beyonce looked fine, as usual, but it was that secretary that caught my interest. I haven't knowingly seen her in other films but I will make a point to look up her resume - very alluring and refreshing.This film is great for all ages. My son is thirteen and he laughed harder than I did from start to end. The film ran almost two hours but I didn't notice it. This was by far the funniest movie I've seen in a long, long time.Having been a fan of the Peter Seller movies, I wasn't quite sure what to expect, but was very pleasantly surprised. Steve Martin's Clouseau was comic genius, his accent very well done - Jean Reno was very good as his "straightman", very different from other roles I've seen him do. Kline was a good Dreyfuss, but his accent kept faltering, which was disappointing as it was quite good in "French Kiss".Without giving too much away, the cameo appearance was an unexpected surprise....It was good to go to a theater and hear people laughing out loud for a change. Enjoy!