Personally, I think Talladega Nights is the funniest movie Will Ferrell has ever done so pretty much everything since then has been a slight disappointment (Blades Of Glory, Semi-Pro) and honestly, the first time I watched Stepbrothers I was a little disappointed.But a few months later I popped it in and watched it again and for some reason it was just really funny to me the second time around. It completely grew on me. I think the plot is hilarious, two guys in their 40's still never growing up and still living at home. And I can't think of any better comedy team than Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly to play these parts.I'm probably going to watch this again tonight. It just gets better every time.I liked Ferrel & Reilly as the racing team in "Talladega Nights" but this was even better. The physical comedy was outstanding and the acting itself was pitch perfect. Many critics commented on how well they did given what they had to work with, but I think the script was excellent. Some of the lines were brilliant, but you really have to give the actors credit for improvising. After Ferrell revealed his singing talents when he sang "Let's Give 'Em Something to Talk About", when Reilly gushed on and on about how great he was, and then said "I'm not sure, but towards the end I think I saw you turn into a Unicorn", I lost it. I really lost it when Ferrell's brother & his family were singing in the car "Sweet Child of Mine". It was a real classic.Hell, I think I'll buy this when it comes out on DVD. I can't say that for many comedies ("Anchor Man" is one).Don't miss this one. It's a scream.This rating is affected by weirdo boomers with no sense of awareness & comedy.Both Will Ferrell & John C Reilley are excpetional in this.. but there are also brilliant performances from co starts. (This kind of comedy never wins awards but the level in range acting they show is superb)11/10 Really funny stuff. Made me laugh a few times lolWill Ferrell has always been known for his stupidly scripted dumb comedies that have made him well known all around. Earlier this year he came out with Semi Pro, which wasn't as great as it could've been but still was a decent comedy. But I just recently saw Step Brothers and literally laughed from the opening credits to the end credits. This movie is definitely a hilarious movie. It was really a great choice to team Ferrell with John C. Reilly again.I was strangely surprised that this got an R rating, but it definitely was worth the R rating. Ferrell continues to make the most pointless movies, but somehow I enjoy all of them because he really just makes you laugh uncontrollably for very long periods of time. I definitely recommend that those of you who haven't better go see Step Brothers in theaters. It was well worth it for me.10/10Step Brothers (Bill Forrel and John B. Stacy) is perhaps the greatest work of art since Da Vinci's Monal Lisel.I chose to do my movie review on the hilarious comedy step brothers. It got a rating of 54% on rotten tomatoes which means roughly as many people did not enjoy this movie the same amount enjoyed it. It has many well known actors throughout the film including the two main characters, john reilly, and the king of comedy will ferrell, along with many other well known actors, like richard jenkins (father), mary steenburgen (step mother), and adam scott (brother). Although there were many other characters throughout the film these were the main characters throughout the entire film. If i were to give my rating of this film i would give it a 92% because it's an extremely hilarious movie but also has a story behind it but also leaving the 8% space for yes the fact that it is immature but that still doesn't outway the comedy put into this movie.
 
 The plot of the movie first starts off with Brennan Huff (Will Ferrell) and Dale Doback (John C. Reilly) as two men around the age of 40 with something very common. both very lazy and unemployed men who one who lives with his mom Brennan Huff (Will Ferrell) and the other with his dad Doback (John C. Reilly). Both with many excuses of why the aren't on there own living their lives. When at a work conference Brennan's mother and Dale's father meet and hit it off very quickly. they decide to get married and move in together. This makes the two boys very upset and turns their relationship into a war rivalry. But throughout this rivalry start to change and they soon realize that they are very similar and become best friends. But not realizing The way Their actions have impacted their newly wedded parents they soon drive them apart forcing them to get a divorce. With their parents getting the divorce they start to blame each other for the cause which drives them to gain this rivalry back again. As time goes on they both get a job and begin to live on their own to only meet once again at the Catalina wine mixer. At this moment we see that the two boys have grown and matured as men and their parents see that. So the ending of this movie is the start of how they get their life back to the way it was, step parents get back together and they get to act like young childish boys again. Although every film has negatives but this particular films positives outweigh the negatives by a long shot. A big factor that makes this film so good is the great comedian actor will Ferrell. We've seen him throughout many comedy movies including talladega nights, anchorman 1 and 2, elf, get hard, and plenty other comedy movies. What I believe makes will Ferrell such a good actor is the fact that he has one job and this is be blatantly hilarious and just weird and do roles that many actors can't fulfill. One of the best scenes in step brothers is right at the beginning when dale (John C. Reilly) and Brennan (will Ferrell) are sitting down at the first family dinner when Brennan starts to slurp is blue juice and dale doesn't appreciate him doing that in his dad's house so he makes a snobby remark to Brennan so of course he can't let that slide so he decides to say back to dale, "haha I remember when I had my first beer" (Brennan) but if you know dale he can't just let that slide so he says back, "haha I remember when I fell off my dinosaur" (dale). After dale said this to Brennan he must have been to much for him to handle so he started to become emotional and began to cry. We seem really stuck out to me on the comedy side because it's one of the first scenes in the movie and it really brings you into the comedy that you will be seeing in this film. Although this Film has nothing but positives reviews from me every film has negatives. What I can see That's a negative in this film is the immature that goes on, I mean the whole storyline is about 2 forty year old men who live with their parents at home. Another thing would be is this film is definitely not for children it's a film strictly for adults and kids under the age of fourteen should not watch this movie. In conclusion step brothers overdues funny it blows it out of the water and how funny it is. I'd consider this one of my top movies to watch with buddies or even by myself Director Adam McKay really out does himself on this one. But without will Ferrell and John Reilly would this film meets the standards it did? Who knows but overall this films in my books get s 92% rating.I Just got back from the midnight showing of Step Brothers. It is freaking HILARIOUS. I seriously laughed so hard that I almost passed out during the part will Farrel sings for his "step brother". Not a quiet moment in the theater. I never thought I would find another movie that could get more laughs out of me than Superbad, but this movie definitely did it. Don't even think about passing this up, you'll regret it. The movies contains some male and female nudity so use discretion when deciding to bring a younger audience. Phenomenal movie! Will Farrel brings the performance of a lifetime with co-star John C. Reilly.This has to be my all time favourite 'pick me up' film. I find the comedy hilarious.The chemistry between Will Ferrell and John C Reilly is remarkable. I think they are both fantastic actors. Regardless of the silly story line and sometimes pointless scenes, this is still an awesome film. Even the pointless scenes are there for a reason - they are funny!!This film made me watch everything Will Ferrell and John Reilly have starred in. I love both of them and when they come together something magical happens!A year will not go by when I won't watch Brennan and Dale. When Will Ferrell sings Por Ti Volare, even Will Ferrell, I still got goosebumps. It was a tremendous moment in comedy history.Boats and hoes!!Just saw the movie and it's one of the best comedy movies of the year, hands down (can't be sure though, i still have to check out Tropic Thunder and Pineapple Express)!! I've never laughed that hard at a movie, i'm still sweating as i'm writing this from all the laughter i made! Easily, it's Ferrell and Reily's best film to date and Kathryn Hahn was amazingly funny and she nearly stole the film away from Ferrell & Reily! The only thing i know, they are cast her in a lot of movie in the future, she's is absolutely hilarious!! The movie indeed has a lot of swearing & sex (not really bad) but that never stopped the movie from being so good, so you don't have worry about that but don't take your kids that are under 14 years old because in my theater, a mom brought her kid (about 7 or 8) and when the movie was over, she started swearing and repeating the words over and over, the mother was very angry and should of been ashamed of herself for that. Will Ferrell and John C. Reily have excellent chemistry and this isn't the last time they will make together for sure, we will see them again, that i'm sure of. They are the best comedic duo since Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon. So, if you are a Will Ferrell & John C. Reily fan, you'll definitely enjoy this one and laugh yourself silly or if your not a big fan of them both, again you will laugh from beginning to end. Awesome, crazy & supremely funny movie!!!!