"Mrs. Doubtfire" is an extremely funny and heartfelt film. It has tons of laughs as well as tears, this is definitly Robin Williams' best film. Watching williams do voices as well as play Mrs. Doubtfire is a real treat. Also the supporting cast of actors do an excellent job, I highly reccomend it.I was a young girl the first time I saw Mrs. Doubtfire. I was introduced to the movie by my parents. While some of the movies lines are "inappropriate", I still think that the movie is a Important and heartwarming film that every family should watch together. Despite the Films PG-13 rating, I don't really see anything inappropriate about the film. If anything people can watch the film to see the comedic genius that (was) Robin Williams. People can also learn a wonderful message from the form. No family is perfect, and sometimes families won't be together but that doesn't mean that there is no love. Love is sprinkled all throughout this film and that's probably what makes it's withstand the test of time. While Robin Williams is sadly no longer with us, his comedic timing and adlibbing of fantastic one liners will live on forever through Mrs. Doubtfire and so many other wonderful films. I encourage every family to watch this film together, it will touch your life forever.R I P to one of the best actors Robin Williams
You gave so much value to the filmographyGreat family movie! Robin Williams excels again! Haven't laughed so much since the Birdcage when Williams outdid himself once again! Don't just rent this one, buy it! It's worth watching over and over again. Sally Field brings a wonderful touch to the movie too. My family really enjoyed the "tea scene with the social worker". And let's not forget the "cooking scene" that goes haywire! This movie will have you laughing hysterically over and over again at the many comedic scenes. Can't wait to see what 2007 will bring with the new release of Mrs. Doubtfire II. All I can say is "What took so long?" Make this a family night & enjoy! Add this to your collection, you won't regret it!RIP ROB the world loves you. This movie was my childhood favorite and decided to re watch it again after so many years. Still so many heartwarming tears. Great plot not many movies out there like this anymore.Mrs. Doubtfire is a great comedy for many reasons. 1.) Robin Williams is brilliant in almost any movie he makes, including this movie. 2.) It's great for the whole family which is kind of rare. 3.) It shows that a man can absolutely love his children and want to be a part of their lives. 4.) The music fits the movie and is great. 5.) It's heart-warming as well as funny.This is one of the best movies of Fall-Dawn funny, comical, and impressive.Daniel Hirard, played by Robin Willams, who is losing his job are declared divorce by his wife. And he has to separate from his wife and 3 children.One day, he decide he will be housekeeper to meet his family. He makes up and become MRS.DOUATFIRE....I really like this movie because this is a family comedy movie and it is warming movie. The plot teach us about importance of family. The performance are amazing and powerful all around.I would have never thought that I would see Robin Williams dress up as a sixty-something year old Nanny.  Never in my entire life.  I first thought that this movie would be a waste of my time.  I was dead wrong.  This movie is hilarious.  Robin Williams is excellent as a divorced man, in order to get closer to his kids, dresses up as a nanny of his ex-wife.  Sally Field is very good as Robin's ex-wife.  The entire movie is very good.Overall the whole movie is excellent with good direction and acting. Rating 10 out of 10.Mrs. Doubtfire is for sure a movie you can't miss. One of Robin Williams best. Really shows you the meaning of love between a single father and his children.What an absolutely delightful film. Let's just start with the Performances. Robin Williams gives an energetic, wonderful and talented performance. He should have won an Academy Award. The rest of the cast, containing are truly brilliant with their supporting jobs. Neither one tries to outdo their role, making sure that the limelight stayed on Robin Williams. It is a film that as incredibly funny in so many ways, yet at the some time saddening. It addresses an issue that confronts many children, the issue of divorce. The film confronts this issue without making a joke of it or making the film depressing. The portrayal of a family is so superb in this film that it will live for generations to come. It is an outstanding motion picture that leaves the audience with laughs and tears, a rare combination making in one of Hollywood's finest.