Most awesome film I had watched that year and still is good to watch again best film of my childhood and is full of some good action scenes throughout This was the first film in the transformers franchise and the one that is concidered the best of them and like Michael bay's previous films before this here he takes the has to figures and makes it into a sci fi film it has army rangers working at a military base and a deception comes and attacksMeanwhile later Sam played by Shia labeof is a school kid who trlls about his great grandfather archibald and how he explored the arctic circle and here the film has a decent storyline and unlike the sequels this one was the most coherent of them all while I find the first two sequels enjoyable and the fourth and fifth installments not good and the worst of the series this one is the best and the most enjoyable and interesting the film also has Megan fox who plays mikaela she does a mediocre performance but that doesn't effect the film it's still a god sci fi film mothers it's like in ET and like how Steven Spielberg made it charming with a beard here Michael bay makes his own and he killed it he captured it brilliantly a lot of series of events happen like when all the other autobots arrive and the leader optimus talks how they are trying to stop the deceptions and it also tells that there was some of the all sparks cordinantes on the glasses that have ended up in the possession of witwicky and they also explain that archibald accidentally reactivated megaton.Later more charachters come such as agent Simmons of sector seven played by John turturro who gives a fine performance and they capture bumblebee who was the first auto or who came to earth and was sams car the other autobots, ironhode, ratchet, and the leader optimus prime later continue their mission then when all the humans including Sam, makaela and the other team members find megaton Dorsey up he then awakens and signals all the deceptions and then escapes.Later a battle in Chicago happens with autobots fighting the deceptions and as you se this is were the biggest action is done and Michael bay gives his best directing performance and like I also said he is one of the best action directors he is the Martin Scorsese of action movies and he directs it well I ca easily tell what is going on and in the end megaton is defeated when Sam is tasked to push the cube into optimus chest so he can sacrifice himself but instead pushes it into megatroms chest and later the film ends with autobots back togeather and this is how they started to work with humans and defend the planet.This is among the best summer blockblusters of all time and is among bay's best movies I get how he has been loved, admired and praised by moviegoers and film critics and here it's among his greatest directing debuts this film deserved oscars for best director( bay , best picture, best screenplay, best sound editing, best sound mixing, best visual effects, best cinematography, best film editing, best original score and best original song
I would definetly ask people to check it out if they want a good movie and pure entertainment. Transformers is without doubt one of the best summer blockblusters of 2007. it has great character development and a decent storyline it start out with millitary men on a plane landing to their base were lieutenant lenox does his job and then scypes with his family and their newborn child, as well as talking with the leader of the army rangers surviving team, then an unidentified helicopter which turns to be a decepticon named blackout who was persuaded by his scorponok shows up and the men target it to step down but then forms and makes a cybertronic sound or call it a sound wave, cause deceptions use it when they prepare an attack or doing, then it just transformers and then the soldiers begin firing on it but they don't stop it, it just keeps destroying and attacking the base destroying planes and, causing massive explosions just so he can hack into the quatar base but then fails to find the information and network about the all spark. meanwhile it also opens with prime talking how cybertron became corrupt and that the autobots who are the good transformers were once in the same alliance as the deceptions who are the bad and evil transformers, they then became involved in a civil war together which drove them apart and becoming arch enemies with each other by megatron seeking his glory for the cube, Optimus then tries to make the all spark jettisoned. later then parts of the spark which are written in a mysterious form are vanished in the underground of an ice which a big great captain who's name is archibald whitwicky the great great grandfather of an autistic kid sam witwicky discovers and finds it next to a fallen megatron whom he accidentally activates and then dies from the loud deadly sound of when a cybertronian awakens, later sam witcicky himself talks about his great great grandfather in school, where he kind of loses control and the part of this major blockbluster and well made action sci fi teaches about how it is like to be autistic and how it can be solved like in other movies like rain man and amelie which also have stuff about autistic people, though this movie is mostly good at showing how a very fine sci fi action film with lots of well done cgi can be made, witwicky also meets up with a hot girl named mikaela played by megan fox who is to be his then girlfriend. witwicky asks her if he can take him out and she agrees they communicate together in a fine manner even though some things in hand can get very annoying. sam here has alot of annnoying acts when he yells out, and especially in a scene where he thinks someone stole his car while that car turns out to be the autobot bumblebee which i think is probably one of the best and most well developed character's and autobot's in the films, but then witwicky gets tricked into making the police think that he is the thief and that when sam called the police saying someone stole his car they find out that the man who called them is the thief while he isn't and sam tries to tell them that he is not the thief and that the thief got away but the police still yell and tell him to put his arms up. later in the pentagon secretary of defense john Keller played by jon voight does a big investigation about the attack that happened like a detective, he portrays him really well even though he speaks like he is not serious but actually is. Then there is another scene and moment where a mini deception named frenzy who unlike other giant transformer robots transforms into a radio. he hacks into the air force one, and downloads all the information about the files of the glasses, the workers of the control find that the system is being hacked and try to look for the frenzy but when they find him they lose the battle over him, frenzy kills all who stand in his way and then is picked up by the police car deception barricade, and which inside the car there is a hologram of a man driving the car which the transformers also use in disguise when transforming into vehicles so they can blend in from the humans noticing or recognizing their presence, there is also a scene where to people named maggie and glen are arrested after they discovered messages saying project iceman, sector 7 and capt witwicky himself which are all classified. then sam is attacked by the police decepticon barricade who asks him if he is username 217, sam replies he is but is still attacked , then sam runs into mikaela and they both run until then bumblebee fights barricade and then frenzy comes and sam attacks frenzy and breaks him to pieces where then a piece of frenzy transformers into a cell phone, then mikaela herself and sam discover that the car is a transformer suspecting it as an alien they find out that it talks and they go for a ride with it later at the final hour all of the autobots arrive to earth as protoforms and they all use their scanning devices to scan the vehicles and transform into them, sam and mikaela then meet the autobots and their leader optimus prime and tells them about their story of how they were betrayed and that they came to their planet earth declaring it unknown to them but eventually announce it as their home. Optimus introduces them the names of the other autobots and then says that they need help to get to the all spark which is the cube before the decepticons and their evil leader megatron get to it. they then roll out to sam's house where they try to hide from his parents but then there is a very funny yet weird scene where sam's pet dog mojo peas on autobot ironhide's legs and the dog gets criticised by sam after being told that he pissed on ironhide. then later the agents of secter seven led by simmons played by john turturro capture them and then find out about the robots, then there is another funny scene where bumblebee urinates on simmons. they get in persuade and then the other agents then capture bumblebee. later the charachters, lennox, epps, sam, mikkaela and also maggie , glen and the autobots later reunite at hoover dam and are led by many defenses including kellar, there at the dam bumblebee if being frozen and the autobots led by optimus prime still do their duty in order to save bubmblbee, and they also get pulled to the area where megatron is being frozen and they all discuss what was happening and that they unfreeze bumblebee so that he can show them were the cube is and protect them with it , meanwhile megatron however is still active and alive and contacts starscream who is already near the dam and the other decepticons, and then megatron flees, and the men and armed forces try to fight them but they escape later , the autobots get into the fight on the highway with optimus prime defeating one of the decepticons and then they all come to the city where starscream blends into a jet next to the other flight forces and attacks them , they try to fire on him but fail and then flee. prime arrives at the city and fights with Megatron , while the Autobots and the deceptions engage in full combat with the tank deception and the helicopter deception , the action scenes here are very well shot and entertaining and the acclaimed action movie director michael bay clearly shows us how we can turn cool action figures into a sci fi movie its all done like he was the one who made the toys and figurines and then later planned to do it with all the effort he had, and then he finally succeeded with it at last , he chose an interesting cast and if not that good of a cast still they all did good in the film including Megan fox who wasn't the best thing about the movie but still she wasn't too bad. what the makers have done is create another visually spectacular popcorn flick that this time is not really a guilty pleasure but is a very well worth watching action flick and all the Michael bay fans will be impressed with what he did back at the time and before then when he made other great masterpieces and classics like armageddon , the rock, bad boys and pearl harbor , he has alot of creative force and many admirers who are mostly the audiences and not necesarrily the critics who dont really care much on michael bay seeing that he can also make not so good movies too but for the truth he is a great director and one of the best hollywood directors of the 21st century , the film ends with sam carrying the cube , being chased by megatron he nearly gets to it but is then saved by optimus prime who plans to sacrifice himself by telling sam to push the cube into his chest but instead shoves it in negatrons chest killing megatron, prime then is proud of sam because he made the right choice and all the autobots reunite with the humans and other special forces for thanking them all for all their courage and bravery and this is what this film shows, and it all proves Michael bay can be a talented filmmaker who usually does not make stupid garbage movies and instead makes decently well done intelligently awesome gem films , my final grade score for this film is A+ You know that part of being human where you need things to matter, a lot. Theres no escape from it. This movie does it for me and can satisfy anyone else. Strong dramatic decision made in this one. Powerful time stunning move when Seeker climbs on the bars of a cesna plane and salutes walking by people who don't know who he is. A movie about cool cars that turn into freaken robots! Add in alot of humour, a dash of romance and some great action scenes. What more do you need? I really love that movie! a masterpiece of Sci-fi genre with amazing visual effects and cutting edge action sequences by action mastermind Michael Bay.
I can't remember how many times have watched that movie but every time i want to have fun and enjoy amazing visuals i try Transformers 2007 again.
But annoying thing about the movie is that academy ignored that amazing visual effects and gave Oscar to garbage movie named golden comps. shame on you academy. brainless and stupid people of academy are blind to awesome stuff like TRANSFORMERS.
Thank you dear Michael Bay! It's August 9th 2020. I am watching this again for the 100th time. Never thought about reviewing it until now. As a massive fan in the 80s I was obsessed with the Comics (have them all) the toys and the tv cartoon. When I learned this was being made I had zero expectations except the trailers making it look something special. It really did not disappoint. The CGIof the robots is brilliant. The story is something that falls in line with the source material which okay isn't the most amazing of stories however it's a modern twist with elements of subtle comedy a real babe in Megan and a badass Megatron. I know people were upset with the decision to scrap Megatron turning into a gun but how would it have worked? This is by far the best of all the movies made so far. If you are a real fan you'll appreciate the efforts made I know I am. I loved it, had tons of fun from beginning to end. Come check this out if you are a fan of both action movies and/or comedies. It's a good movie to watch with your family or at a party. Let's not forget all the hot chicks in this movie "am I right?" Lol. This movie may not be as good as "The Rock" but it's still a blast to watch and shame on you if you don't go out and watch it because you will be missing out big time and that's never a good thing now is it? This is an outstanding movie on several levels. Between Transformers,Bad Boys 2,Armageddon, and Pearl Harbor,among others;Micheal Bay is one of my favorite directors. Well Done Micheal Bay,John Rogers,Roberto Orci, Alex Kurtzman, and everyone else who had something to do with this movie.Peter Cullen is the voice of the Peterbuilt big truck (Optimus Prime)This is at least the second time Peter Cullen has voiced Optimus Prime.Peter Cullen is a permanent AA list actor.Megan Fox, Rachel Taylor, and Julie White is hot!!!---One Truck Drivers Opinion---erldwgstruckermovies.com Transformers is a really good movie it's got really good action scenes it's got the best plot and good character development and the action scenes are well spaced out and an exceptional third act but the best part of the movie is megatron I've seen probably close to 1,000 movies at the theater, including every single major release over the past 15+ years. I've seen crowds get up and leave after 10 minutes. I've seen crowds all jump and scream at the most frightening of scenes. I've seen crowds cry together.Transformers took me back to the re-release of Star Wars: A New Hope back in the 90s, and then went much further. From the start of the movie the entire theater here in San Antonio got very involved. Clapping, cheering, and even a bit of hooting were commonplace throughout the film.First, let me tell you who carried this film: The Robots and Shia Lebouf. Of course the Autobots were the main attraction, but they went well beyond that by being absolutely stunning. When Blackout lands at Soccent Forward AFB in Qatar, gasps were heard throughout the theater. I found myself literally in awe just staring at him every chance I could get, unfortunately causing me to miss a good bit of what else was going on.Shia Lebouf did a wonderful job of playing an awkward teenage boy from start to finish. His first speech in class trying to hock his Grandfather's valuables was disconcerting to someone like me who treasures their family, but very understandable. I was a teenager once and remember quite well that I'd have done just about anything to buy my first car! In one of his final scenes, when he's on top of the building, cornered hanging off of a statue and Megatron on the verge of fulfilling his hunt for the AllSpark, he seemed very genuinely scared and yet steadfast in his desire to do the right thing.And if it is possible to put humanity in a digital robotic creation of ILM, they accomplished it with Bumblebee. Not only was his humor poignant and sly, but very heartwarming. If you could believe that your car loved you back, Bumblebee could pull it off.For those of you who are hardcore "old school" fans of the series and looking for your goodies, you will not be disappointed. From Shia's nervous flirtation with Fox (good name for her!) that leads to him explaining that he's "More than meets the eye" to many of the lines directly from the original series and movie, Michael Bay didn't let you down.This is the first movie in years I've been able to give a 10/10 rating. I've read several other reviews already, some very disparaging, and I have to say this: Send a 10 year old to review Sense & Sensibility and you're most likely going to get a very nasty review. Don't send 60 year old know-it-all movie critics to review this for you, because those that actually go see it will most likely never agree with them and get nothing from your "reporting". Well, lets start off with the critics. People say that the movie lacks plot. Plot. What plot? It's an ACTION movie built around Sci-Fi CG. Since when do these need a plot?Next step is the 'dirty-stupid TEENAGER humour'. Yes indeed - loads of it. But hey, haven't you all guru people ever wanted to go back to your younger years and do something unspeakably cheesy? Not that the movie is a masterpiece prank, but look around you - teenagers conquering the internet with their testosterone-filled jokes and nobody saying a word about it. I agree, the humour is rather teenage for some veteran viewers, but are such people numerous? No. The jokes are not that astronomically stupid and do actually crack a laugh. Some people even said "oh god, half of the theatre was laughing, it was so horrible". And what's bad in that, huh? The jokes aren't that bad if YOU don't like them and a dozen of people do. I'm not even mentioning the "mastrubation" and "pee" moments. Many said these were awful moments of the movie. Oh...so sad :)And the third most criticized part is bad acting. Well, yes, I wouldn't call the acting superb or anything (except, of course, Shia LaBeouf), but yet again: this is ACTION. Who cares what's the plot and the caliber of the actors. They did perfectly fine to complement the robots. Of course, some say that the robot part is done badly, but that may be true only for the fans of the original movies and toons. For the bulk - it is a completely new experience that can even lead to digging up the...hmm...Hasbro toys.Now let's get to the fun part. The visuals are impressive, the action is even more impressive...and...well that's it. Aside of the movie being a bit too long, you get a great action-packed Sci-Fi effects galore, which is easy to watch, entertaining and fast-flowing. Most of the "1" ratings grow out of the high expectations around this movie. In reality, people shouldn't expect a classic or anything. Transformers is not Star Wars, folks, its a waaaaay smaller universe.In conclusion, if you don't expect that lot out of it, it turns out to be a pretty nice package of this and that. ALL the critics are right, yes. But hell, the move is fantastic! I am by no means sorry to have spent my money to watch it on the big screen. 10\10! [95/100]
This movie has had a special place in my heart ever since 2007. The special effects should have won an Oscar, Shia LaBeouf should have won an award for his acting. This film is a genuine classic! I love the way that the Autobots and the Decepticons are designed. This film is Michael Bay's greatest achievement! It was incredible to see the Transformers come to life. I can't wait until the next one comes out in 2009. The last movie that just left me talking to myself as I was exiting from the theater was probably the first X-men movie. This movie was even better for me than X-men was because of growing up watching the Transformers cartoon every afternoon. The greatest part of the movie for me was after the Autobots assembled together just like in the old days of watching the cartoon when Optimus Prime gave that famous command "Autobots roll out". I almost fell on the floor after that it was awesome. Of course it was almost as great when Megatron yelled at StarScream for screwing up the mission again. Well, if you haven't seen the movie and you enjoyed it as a kid like i did you will probably come away from the movie as I did. That is in amazement. Also, don't worry about the people slamming the movie for bad dialog. That is what the Star Wars movies were slammed for from critics time after time and Star Wars survived just fine. I am not putting this movie that high on my list because that would be unfair. I can however see this series of movies as I have already heard that they will make a trilogy out of it. I can see this trilogy being almost if not better than the X-men movies. Well, if you haven't seem it I recommend it highly even if you no nothing about The Transformers the movie sets it up and explains it all pretty well. Well, enjoy. Okay, as those who have seen the trailers will figure, the CG is pretty much the cornerstone of this movie. While it probably will blow you away, the novelty eventually wears off and then you wonder: hey, where did the plot go?! But then your attention is quickly drawn back by a giant robot slamming into an office block - or a wonderfully shot car chase; probably some of the most impressive action sequences to ever grace the silver screen.A hefty dose of cheese seems to have been added to the movie, but most of it can be laughed off. One particular scene was reminiscent of the fighter jet in the movie Stealth downloading songs off the internet. A few loose ends in the thin story probably suggest a sequel is coming - but how can anyone have a problem with that! It has its laughs (even if some are cheap) but the 2.5 hours go fast; I'm sure most people will leave the cinema on a high note. Hopefully this movie gets Bay the credit The Island didn't.And a postscript for hardcore Transformers geeks: go with your expectations at your ankles because you're probably going to cringe when something isn't as it should be (although even a minor fan like myself noticed a lack of original transformation noises). But on the whole this movie has plenty more to offer, and appeals to many more people. I loved it so much I loved the fight scenes! And I thought that even though it didn't get much praise I just was astounded Transformers is great start to the franchise with a sense of wonder and awe and a good balance of humour and spectacle. Sam Witwicky is a likeable human protagonist played excellently by Shia LaBeouf and John Turturro, Megan Fox and Josh Duhamel are all great. The CG is phenomenal and the Transformers designs are great. Peter Cullen is reliably perfect as Optimus Prime. Michael Bay's direction is incredible, resulting in some amazingly filmed and intense action sequences. The composed score by Steve Jablonsky is also incredible. Transformers (2007) is the only best one science fiction action film of the last three movies that I enjoy. Okay it is not the greatest or the best science fiction film but it is still a good one. It's the only, only movie I watch several times. Transformers 2 I watch three times in a row so far and that movie made me exhausted, Transformers 3 I watch it twice. Once on the computer and once on the DVD I rent it in the Library. I have the third movie on DVD till today I haven't watch that DVD and I think I give 13£ for it.I have enjoyed this movie much better than the last three. In Transformers I loved the car chases with Sam, how the story began, than the war and the chase for the glasses All Spark. I love it. I love actor Jon Voight. Now I know why he did not return in the sequels. The movie was really awesome and I can't say anything bad about it. It had a great plot great action and great excitement.This movie is great out of the four, which I think Age of Extinction is the worst one so far, over too long. Shia does an amazing job, the soundtrack is awesome and the special effects/sounds are "out of this world." I REALLY Love Transformers! A big fan of the original cartoon I grew up with the cartoon's as a kid. Could it only disappoint? Especially after all those less than OK "second generations" of the Transformers tale, and seeing that everyone's favorite Bumblebee character was no longer a VW bug, but a Camaro? Well, it was fantastic! It was great to see some of the characters adapt and come to life in this version, and the movie provides great action, really good humor and plenty of realistic effects for anyone, not just fans of the old collectibles. But it can only be even more exciting for fans when they are finally re-introduced to Megatron, Optimus, Jazz and more. The film does a great job of creating the feeling of helplessness for humans, which would only make sense against technology like the Transformers. I couldn't help buy find my hands continuously gripping the arm rests tighter, and that was during my second watch! Minus a few cheesy scenarios or brief moments that seem to creep into many an action movie.The Music score by Steve Jablonsky was awesome, I love all the music soundtracks in the film. Transformers is Michael Bay's first attempt of making of a Transformer movie and it succeeds. I saw this film and I was blown away, not only by the story, but how good the CGI of those robots were, these robots were looking like they were walking downtown In Los Angeles, they didn't look like CGI at all. They looked like realistic robots and that was great okay. For a movie that was under $2,000,000 that is right this film cost $150.000.000 and the robots looks that sweet, it was just great okay. The best thing about this film is not Michael bay heavy, you know what that means? It means there is no stupid and I mean stupid dialogues spoken trough the whole movie, the dialogues that was spoke trough whole this movie smart and somewhat funny in most parts funny mainly, it wasn't too over the top were feels like is not funny, that is stupid. Action in this movie is good, the movie is well paced at 2 Hrs. 24 Mins. is not the longest one that was the fourth one. Made was by Paramount Pictures and DreamWorks Pictures, they a lot and I mean a lot of Disney channel stars in in this film you got a Arwin (Brian Stepanek) from The Suite Life of Zack and Cody and that fat blonde boy that was talking about Armageddon. I think that was a joke that Michael Bay put on him self, this is hundred times better than Armageddon, and I was you mean Aramgeddon the film or the joke, because that was good poke, because Armageddon was awful, that was great I like that part. The mythology that was made for director Michael Bay. This is the beginning of the trilogy that tells the story of the long, galactic feud between the Autobots and their nemesis, the Decepticons. As a child of the '80's, how could you not love Transformers? I love it. I love the science action mythology flick of the first film, which did great. The interstellar battle between the Autobots and Decepticons rains destruction down on planet Earth as director Michael Bay adapts Hasbro and Takara's popular Transformers franchise into a big-budget, live-action summer tent-pole extravaganza in this ambitious sci-fi action feature starring Shia LaBeouf, Tyrese Gibson, Bernie Mac, John Turturro, Jon Voight, and, of course, Optimus Prime and Megatron. Enormous aliens have chosen the third rock from the sun as their ultimate battleground, and as the villainous Decepticons struggle to obtain the key to unlimited power, a young Earthling named Sam Witwicky (LaBeouf) may stand as mankind's last hope for survival.I am giving it a 10/10 It is not the greatest movie or the best one but it is a good entertaining film. Transformers is a 2007 American science fiction action film based on the Transformers toy line. The film, which combines computer animation with live-action, is directed by Michael Bay, with Steven Spielberg serving as executive producer. 10/10 Score: A Studio: DreamWorks Pictures, Paramount Pictures Starring: Shia LaBeouf, Megan Fox, Josh Duhamel, Tyrese Gibson, Rachel Taylor, Anthony Anderson, John Turturro, Jon Voight, Peter Cullen, Hugo Weaving Director: Michael Bay Producers: Don Murphy, Tom DeSanto, Lorenzo di Bonaventura, Ian Bryce, Steven Spielberg Screenplay: Roberto Orci, Alex Kurtzman Story by John Rogers, Roberto Orci, Alex Kurtzman Rated: PG-13 Running Time: 2 Hrs. 24 Mins. Budget: $150.000.000 Box Office: $709,709,780 this movie is far and away the best visual achievement in any media ever ever ever. It is so unbelievable. Everyone is talking about how Michael Bay went too "over the top" with the visual effects. This is ridiculous. That's kind of the point! This movie was not meant to be some epic drama like the Godfather. No. This is like Star Wars, but 30 years better graphics technology. The only reason this movie isn't on Star Wars level was that the script could have been better. Looking back, there were some very corny lines, but in the moment of the action, they just work. I don't know how it didn't win Oscar for best visual, somehow the Golden Compass beat it, which is ridiculous, because the Golden Compass would have to be the best visual of all time to top transformers. I actually haven't seen that movie, but it has "Eragon" dreadfulness written all over it in that it will have 10 million new concepts every 5 minutes, no character development whatsoever, which Transformers actually did have, despite what the critics say.This is the kind of movie that has so many dimensions. You'll watch it once, and you focus on the transformers. The next time you'll notice more things about Sam and Mikaela, then the next time you'll focus on the Army officers, then it'll be the Pentagon lady with the accent. Their characters are actually far more complex than you notice at first, because you're so zoned in on all the action. "Bring the rain" is now my favorite line of all time. This movie is so amazing you must see it i can't even tell you how much you need to see it. Even the drama-loving, detail-focused, picky critics will be awed by the action, despite what they will say about it's other "flaws" (i swear the script is the only one). This movie has something for everyone, and if you play COD4, R6V, or some other game like that then you'll really appreciate the weapons used in this movie.Please see this movie, it should really get like 9.5 stars, because 10 is perfect, and the script could have been better, but really, it works in the moment, and there are some really great lines, mixed in with some bad ones.This movie should have won, maybe 5 or 6 Oscars, and it probably would have if the critics had watched the movie 4 times, but they only saw it once, and only saw the action, thus, it wins no Oscars. I cannot stress enough how you need to see this movie more than once to appreciate it beyond its special effects, which are the greatest part about the movie, but you really should see it again, it just kind of all fits, it's kind of all wrapped up nicely. It's like a great book, everything just works.Lastly i would like to comment on the use of lines/scenes/shots/ideas from other movies used in this movie. Transformers does use lots of that, such as the fighter pilot scene from Independence Day, the Bunker scene from Terminator 3, and there's more, but the thing is, these are great scenes/ideas/etc. that Michael Bay borrows, so it is actually a good thing.Cannot say enough about this movie, you need to go see it, even if you don't speak English, it's worth seeing. I have just come back from a preview screening in Wellington New Zealand & I can tell you now that this movie raises the bar on all before it - the story , special effects , acting , pacing were all top notch but oh my god the action was non stop ! . I went to the movie not knowing much about the history of transformers & now I have been transformed " this movie is the best so far this year by quite a margin " , go see it you won't be disappointed " not at all " . One of the things I liked was the humor & it worked very well in the context of the film - there was allot of laugh out loud moments , People just wait till the end climax of the film it is the most awesome special effects action sequence ever put together on film . This movie is 10/10 no question about that . OK...I just walked out of the theater and I'm still jumpy. This is most likely the best Summer movie of 2007, and perhaps one of the biggest of the year. Last week I saw Die Hard 4.0, which was an awesome action movie, but this one takes another step further. I mean, who could have imagined a movie about robots that transform into common objects would overshadow most of this year's major superhero movies? The movie tells the story of a war between two robot clans, the Autobots and the Decepticons, the movie kicks off with the Decepticons beginning their first assault on Earth by attacking a US military base in the middle-east, as they appear they are looking for something, on a typical US town, a young teenager(Shia LeBouf) buys a car who appears to be a robot in disguise and this will push into a middle of a war between these two races, all this while the military try to piece together what just hit them. First of all, I must say one thing: ILM did this? For a second there, people were ranting how this company was getting upstaged by it's competition, because, special effects-wise, this movie makes most pre-2005 movies look like cartoons and it's perhaps the most intense action movie, and pretty nifty dialog. And something refreshing for a change: seeing US soldiers as compassionate, fearless and unwilling to back down from a fight even if it's an over-sized robot who can kill them easily. I honestly don't know how to descibre this movie of how an overwhelming experience that it was, I just have one or two minor complaints. As I suspected before, the movie doesn't focus as much on the robots at least, not up until a certain point as the young teenager and his girlfriend play the most vital role in the movie, but to my surprise it's wasn't bad, but as a result we don't get to bound as much with the Autobots, but one scene in particular when all of them transform with Sam and Mikaela watching was amazing, but sadly said robots didn't manage to bond as much as I wanted. But still most of the awe is watching for the first time giants robots, the feeling was very much like watching dinosaurs for the first time in Jurassic Park way back in 1993, but still a little more screen time would've helped. I was kinda annoyed that Optimus Prime spend most of the movie without his face armor, but he sure does look cool when he uses it. Finally, I probably shouldn't make a big fuss about it, but we have brave US soldiers and a secretary of Defense that mixes the best of Colin Powell and Winston Churcill, so why does the President sounds like an idiot on Air Force asking for candy, wearing red socks? While it doesn't spoil the enjoyment, you gotta wonder why does a president sound like a goof while everybody else doesn't act like it?Anyhoo... Go see this movie, that's all I gotta say. This movie was pretty good, not bad Michael Bay, He did a pretty good job, and the writers who writes this movie. And Megan Fox is so beautiful in the movie :) To start with, no film has Ever blown me away in the cinema like this one did! People always go on about the bad parts in films and give it like a one star because they're 'critics'. But this movie was everything you could hope for! I'm one of those sad action and special effects junkies, and this had it all. I used to watch beast wars as a kid so i was expecting transformations like that, not something with 70k parts (i think that's what the extras said anyway), so the first scene had me in love for the rest of the film. This is my first review for a film I think, so it shows how special this is and even the music is amazing! I would 100% recommend, I must have watched it at least 15 times now and its still amazing. Can't wait for the new one! Simply the best movie i had seen at that time and basically still holding up that standard today, man; the soundtrack, the score, the cast do i even to talk about the visualsMaybe wink* wink* the best film ever made in (my opinion), clearly still dear to my heart. I really enjoyed this film. With all the action and yeah. Very fun movie Once upon a time (and not that long ago), in the vivid, fertile imagination of author J.K. Rowling, a character was born:  A boy.  A young boy named Harry, who was destined to become one of the most beloved characters to emerge from a work of fiction in a long, long time, and was quickly embraced by young and old alike in all corners of the world.  And now, thanks to the magic of the cinema, Harry and his companions fairly leap from the pages of the novel to the silver screen in the phenomenal motion picture, `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,' directed by Chris Columbus and written for the screen by Steve Kloves.  Indeed, Harry Potter is a boy, but not just any boy; because Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) just happens to be a wizard.  But, orphaned as a baby, Harry has been raised by his Aunt Petunia (Fiona Shaw) and Uncle Vernon Dursley (Richard Griffiths), who never let him in on the fact that he was, well-- what he was.  It seems that Petunia didn't approve of her own sister-- Harry's mother-- because she was a witch; nor of Harry's father because he, too, was a wizard.  When Harry turns eleven, however, the secret is out of the bag when-- after some strange goings-on-- a giant of a man named Rubeus Hagrid (Robbie Coltrane) shows up at the Dursley's door to collect Harry and take him off to `Hogwarts,' a school for wizards and witches and all who would perfect the gift with which they were born:  The gift of magic!  And from the moment Harry boards the train (from station platform nine-and-three-quarters) that will take him to his destiny, the magic is alive-- for Harry, and for the audience, as well; and it's a journey you will never forget.	What a monumental undertaking to even think of attempting-- translating and transferring this passionately beloved work from novel to the screen. Because to millions of people, Harry and his companions are so much more than merely characters in a book; these are characters for whom people have made a special place in their hearts, which puts a great burden of trust upon the man who would attempt to bring them to life.  And Chris Columbus, it turns out, was the right man for the job.  More than rising to the occasion and with some magic of his own-- and a lot of help from an extraordinarily talented cast and crew-- Columbus has delivered a film that is not only true to the story, but true to the very spirit that makes Harry Potter so special.  The special effects are absolutely beyond astounding, and Columbus, with a keen eye for detail and without missing a beat, keeps it all on track and moving right along at a pace and with a sense of timing that makes this an absorbing, thoroughly entertaining and enjoyable experience from beginning to end.  From the opening frame you get the feeling that you're about to have a singular experience; and you're right. Because you've just entered the world of Harry Potter.  And it's magic.	Even having the best special effects do not a great movie make, however, and this film is no exception; what catapults this one to the top are the performances, beginning with Radcliffe, whom you quickly forget is an actor playing a part.  And that about sums up what kind of a job this young man does here.  Without question, he IS Harry Potter, physically and emotionally, and when he waves his wand and does what he does, you believe it.  A wonderful performance by a gifted actor who has a great career ahead of him; without question the perfect choice for the role of Harry.	Also turning in excellent performances are Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley, and Emma Watson as Hermione.  As with Radcliffe, the casting here could not have been more perfect.  Grint is `Everyboy,' with that special glint in his eye and a manner that makes him especially endearing.  And the spunky Watson adds some real sparkle to the film as Hermione, the one with the sense of urgency and the wherewithal to get things done; a real role model for young girls everywhere.	It's obvious that a lot of care went into the casting of this film, and it's a big part of why it is so successful.  Richard Harris, as Headmaster Albus Dumbledore; Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagall; John Hurt as Mr. Ollivander; Ian Hart as Professor Quirrell.  Exceptional performances from one and all, with two that stand out as especially memorable:  Robbie Coltrane, who readily conveys the fact that Hagrid's heart is of a size that matches that of the man; and Alan Rickman, as Professor Severus Snape, deliciously droll while demonstrating menace through the fine art of articulation.  	The additional supporting cast includes John Cleese (Nearly Headless Nick), Warwick Davis (Professor Flitwick), Julie Walters (Mrs. Weasley), Zoe Wanamaker (Madame Hooch), Tom Felton (Draco Malfoy), Harry Melling (Dudley) and David Bradley (Filch).  From Rowling's imagination to the written page to real life (albeit via the movie screen), `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone' is a triumph many times over; a unique film of truly universal appeal, the likes of which is as rare as, well-- a sorcerer's stone.  A film in which adults and children alike will rejoice, because it speaks to the heart in a universal language of life, love, experience and imagination; a film that states unequivocally that magic exists-- as long as there's a single child with a single dream somewhere in the world, and real wizards like J.K. Rowling, Chris Columbus, Steve Kloves and every member of this wonderful cast and crew around to bring it to life as they have here.  An instant classic in every sense of the word, this is truly a film for the ages.  A remarkable achievement, this IS the magic of the movies.  I rate this one 10/10. There's nothing like the first in a series, is there? The introduction to the characters, the immersion into the fictional world, the first time you laugh, cry, care, and fear for someone's safety can never be repeated. No matter how many Harry Potter movies they crank out, or if they ever remake them in the future, none will come close to the wonderful first film, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.I'm sure everyone has their own childhood memories of reading the Harry Potter books that they'll tell their grandkids about, but I'll never forget going to see the first movie in the theaters. The lights dimmed, John Williams's perfect theme played its first notes as Richard Harris walked down Privet Drive, and everyone in the theater was transported to another world. John Williams's numerous themes, all wonderful and a personification of the wizarding world, took the early movies to another level. As other composers tried their hands at the later films, that quality was missing. There's something truly special about going to see this movie on the big screen, and while the "magical" qualities might not all be credited to the music, it's certainly one of them.Welcome to the world of Harry Potter, where if you're a ten-year-old kid who doesn't fit in, you might get a letter delivered by an owl telling you you have magical powers and should go to a special school to hone them. Believe it or not, there are people who watch this movie without reading the books, so a bit of description is necessary. Obviously the stars of the show are the children, who were selected out of millions of other kids to be able to memorize lines, not look in the camera, endear themselves to worldwide audiences, and hopefully act. Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint, and Tom Felton are so cute and tiny in this first movie, you'll undoubtedly find yourself re-watching it as the years pass just to see them as kids again. I always marvel that child actors train themselves not to look in the camera, so even if their performances aren't perfect, I cut them slack, knowing firsthand how hard it is. And these kids had to dress in funny costumes, recite incantations without laughing, and pretend they're looking at things that were added in post production!Usually, in kids' movies, there's a grown-up or two who add to the cast and make the adult audience members feel less silly that they're watching it. In the Harry Potter movies, everyone wanted to be in them! Throughout the series you'll see a host of familiar faces as "guest stars" but the regulars will make special places in your heart. Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, and Robbie Coltrane are household names for little kids, because they're so convincing as the kindhearted Dumbledore, the wizened but sentimental McGonagall, the endlessly mimicable Snape, and the jolly Hagrid, kids today can't imagine they've had any other career prior to these movies! Is there any kid who doesn't immediately attribute the word "earwax" to Richard Harris, point out striped cats as "Maggie Smith cats", mumble "Shouldn't have said that," when they make a mistake, or practice putting pauses in their sentences like Alan Rickman?First movies are so special, since they introduce audiences to a world that will hopefully capture their attention for however many more movies will be made. In J.K. Rowling's fantasy world, there's so much to fall in love with; and in the film adaptation you can really believe it exists. Seeing the Hogwarts structure for the first time creates a special feeling in your heart that can only be recaptured by watching the movie again or going to see the next in the series. The Great Hall, Quidditch, the Sorting Hat, talking portraits, flying lessons, selecting the perfect wand-all these Harry Potter moments are perfectly recreated in the first of a series that saw an entire generation grow up buying toy wands and trying Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans.Each installment has its special moments, and this first one has quite a few, even outside of the exposition. If a three-headed dog doesn't immediately conjure the name "Fluffy," chess pieces have never come to life in your imagination, you don't laugh at the idea of counting your birthday presents, and you don't know what Richard Harris wants most in the world, you're missing out on one of the great joys in life. If somehow 2001 passed you by without a trip to the movie theaters Thanksgiving weekend, go find yourself a copy of this iconic, lovely movie. This movie is a delight for those of all ages.I have seen it several times and each time I am enchanted by the characters and magic.The cast is outstanding, the special effects delightful, everything most believable.You have young Harry, a mistreated youth who is "Just Harry" to himself. And then, he embarks on a most beautiful adventure to the Hogwarts school.He meets Ron and Hermione, one an adorable mischief maker, the other a very tense and studious young lady.Together, the trio try to set things right in the school.It's the ultimate fantasy for young and old. When I knew the film was being made, I thought how could they make a film that would be up to the standard of such a perfect book. But they did! Sure they missed bits out but they captured the essence of the book brilliantly. One member of the cast was mis-cast for me but my children disagreed.I even found myself believing they were flying and not wondering "how are they doing that?" So 10 out 10 Warner Brothers. Bring on the next one! When I first saw this movie I was ten years old, the same age the characters where supposed to be. My older cousin and her boyfriend took me to the Mall to watch a movie. Back then I wasn't going very often to the cinema, due to the fact that my parents didn't have time and I wasn't old enough to go alone to any theater. The movie captivated my attention like nothing before and I became so interested in anything that had to do with this movie, and I heard that it was made after a book. I didn't had Internet back then, but I found the first book at a library and convinced my mother to buy it. That's how I became obsessed with reading and writing.I may say, "Harry Potter" affected me in a positive way, because after I finished reading all the published books back then, I wanted to read more books and I must thank J.K.Rowling for her genius, if it wasn't for her books, I might have been right now an average seventeen year old, at some party, drinking my brains out. This movie got me to the right path in life.I know, you probably don't care about my story, you readers only want to hear about what I thought of the movie, but I believe my story can influence you if you are a parent and thinking whether or not you should let your children watch this film. My advice is yes and I have presented my reason above.The story is simply magical and "Hogwarts" is a genius invention. The movie is done well, almost perfect. It's the closest to the book they can get and it's an amazing experience for any kid. Harry Potter movies are one of my favorite ones, and I can watch them several times. I watch it every time it's on TV, and there is one channel that shows all the series of this incredible movie every time after the new year. I also want to mention that even my family members like to watch it with me. My grandmother especially likes it. This fact indicates that this movie is interesting not only for children but also for elderly people and it's not weird for me. There are so many things going on in this movie, so many secrets and beautiful scenes. Plus a big thanks for the graphics of the movie, everything is very realistic. For example, the mermaids or the dinosaurs. Moreover, there is a massive animatronic creature in this movie- spider and after watching the movie google about it and found out that Rupert Grint, the actor who plays Ron Weasley, one of the main characters, is afraid of spiders just s much as his character is, and said it was easily the scariest scenes to film. I'm scared of spiders too, and I know how it feels when you see them. Thus, I really appreciate the job that this actor did. In my opinion, despite the fact that he had to play again a guy, who was scaring from spiders, it is again hard to play the role by looking at the creature that gives you goosebumps. Thus, this movie not only good in graphics, but also the cast. I watch this movie again in 2019, because i think it was an amazing movie n i miss the point of the movie when i watch it as a child. I only focusing on the magic thing.
Its good for a children to watch this movie i think, it tells not only about friendship, but also family, bravery and sincerity.
Watching this also makes me remember my childhood days, it bring back all memories i cherish the most.
really love it A legendary beginning to a legendary franchise. The story of the film is great. Each role fits perfectly with the actor. Has great CGI and visuals. Can't stress this enough... go watch it. In many ways the best of the franchise so far. I was free from any anticipation for this film being not overly impressed by the fantasy genre. This film redeems itself above other sorcery films with its old fashioned English ambiance being greater than arch and portentous fantasy.Unlike other fantasy films the directors face the challenge of a highly critical audience of children who are more familiar with the books that they are & waiting expectantly for their favorite part of the book and would tear the director to ices if he was there in their anger such omissions. Any changes in the film would be seen as desecrating the fantasy world that Rowling created. In the production of the first film this was a contention in preproduction. As a faithful rendering of the book squeezed into a two-and-a-half hour period, the movie is beautifully done as far as special effects go. The actors although experienced are let down by the younger cast not being trained and coming from a stage school background with the exception of the lead show the typical stiltedness of such training. Daniel Radcliffe has been accused of being too subdued in the title role but as he becomes older he character does become more sombre. Alos it allows the other characters oddities to shine more clearly in contrast to his quieter style. The Harry Potter film series are the best magical movies to date. The movies talk on Harry's parents, and their struggle with Voldemort, as well as touch on Harry's past, present and future as a wizard. The acting throughout all movies are phenomenal, with performances from Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson and Rupert Grint. No one could've played these roles better in my opinion. My personal favourite is Chamber of Secrets! I remember when i watched it first time.I saw everything in a magical worl and i couldn't get out of its influence :) I don't normally write reviews but I will for things I rate 10/10. Harry Potter and the Sorcerers/Philosophers Stone is the in my top 5 favorite movies. That's all I need to say. 10/10. Should have gotten best picture award(I'm referencing the HISHE video). I have recently been revisiting the Harry Potter franchise during the ongoing pandemic and I have been wondering whether these movie that I hadn't seen in a decade would have aged well or not. My conclusion is that most of them have aged particularly well and this is especially the case for the first two movies that I consider the best of the franchise. The producers' idea to hire veteran director Chris Columbus was certainly a decisive one in hindsight since he managed to transform a first novel with numerous lengths into an extremely entertaining film for the entire family.The movie has numerous other strengths that need to be pointed out. Even two decades later, the special effects still look stunning and do the great novel series justice. The visual effects are magical, the sound effects are epic and the lighting techniques increase the movie's multiple shifts in atmosphere.The locations have been chosen with care as well. Harry Potter's home looks as boring, desolate and exchangeable as it's described in the novel. The scene at the lighthouse oozes with atmosphere. King's Cross busy Platform 9 3/4 looks very colourful, detailed and imaginative. The extraordinary train ride to Hogwarts invites to dream yourself far away. The highlight is obviously Hogwarts and its surroundings as nearly every section in this gigantic castle comes around with creative details and imaginative surprises.The film certainly convinces with its detailed storytelling and diversified subplots. It takes all the time it needs to introduce us to numerous most entertaining classes at Hogwarts. The sections that show and explain Harry Potter's Quidditch career are so detailed that even someone who hasn't read the novel will understand how this fascinating wizarding sport works. The film carefully and credibly develops the friendship between lead characters Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. Everything is however wrapped up perfectly in an adventurous, entertaining and epic finale where the three protagonists have to face numerous challenges related to the main plot as an impostor is aiming to steal the mysterious Sorcerer's Stone for a most sinister purpose.The young actresses and actors are doing excellent jobs and are truly convincing in their roles. Daniel Radcliffe shines as confused and isolated but soon enough adventurous and imaginative young wizard going through dynamic changes. Rupert Grint excels as friendly but clumsy young wizard who you are going to appreciate right from the start. Emma Watson shines as self-confident, intellectual and slightly arrogant young wizard whose academic performances are incredibly inspiring. The adult actors have also been chosen with care. Richard Harris's performance as principal Albus Dumbledore is the best ever for this role as he convinces as wise, patient and kind mentor that you will like right from the start. My personal highlight is Alan Rickman as cold, gloomy and unpredictable professor who seems to be antagonist and protagonist all at once.In the end, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is not only the only movie that I prefer over its novel version in the franchise but also one of the two best movies in the inspiring fantasy film franchise that has left a significant mark on an entire generation of children and teenagers two decades ago. The film has aged quite well and should still impress children and teenagers as well as their parents all around the world nowadays. The movie has been executed with care in every single department and has lost nothing of its unique charm. It would go as far to state that it stands as one of the very best fantasy movies of the twenty-first century. It's hard to imagine just how influential the Harry Potter series has been on my life. It was released around the time I was born, and I can't really ever remember a time when it wasn't my favorite world to escape into. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is the first book I can remember becoming a fan of, and wanting to read it again straight away. I'm not even going to pretend that I can judge this without bringing over my fondness for the books.For all the fault this first movie has, it feels like a soon-to-be classic, with many aspects featured here becoming ubiquitous in popular culture. The score by John Williams is recognized worldwide as a magical and wondrous piece of music, conjuring up images of broomsticks, wands, and giant castles hidden in the mountains. Hogwarts Castle itself is now an enormously successful theme park in Florida, Osaka, and more on the way. King's Cross has become a tourist attraction, with hundreds of fans waiting in line to take a picture with the trolley at Platform 9 3/4 every day.The cast from the very beginning is stock full of British acting royalty, great actors sinking their teeth and relishing every bit of dialogue. The young actors do their best and it's fun to see them start off, knowing what lies ahead for them, both in the course of the series and afterwards as well.The opening sequences have a real sense of mystery and wonder, possibly enhanced by the knowledge of the truth about Harry's real identity. The introductions to characters and places are perfect, most notably: Diagon Alley, Alan Rickman as Snape, and our first glimpse of Hogwarts.The story is simple and mostly an excuse for world-building, but what a world to get lost in. In my head, Hogwarts wasn't so...practical, but it looks like a place a child of 11 would consider the most amazing place in the world. The creatures and rules and spells add to the fun.The film does feature shoddy CGI (the quidditch match is particularly bad) and at 2 and a half hours it is overlong. It's hard to ignore, though, the place in popular culture it has attained and the earnest sense of wonder and fun that it offers to everyone who gives it a chance. How wonderful a movie it is!The author of the book is J.K.Rowling. She wrote seven books which The Unite States Warner Brothers made into eight movies. Directed by Chris Columbus, produced by Heyday Films the released dates was 2002-2011. The total Running time is 1179 minutes. Great for all types of audiences. Daniel Jacob Radcliffe, Rupert Alexander and Emma Charlotte were cast for the films. The cast also includes Helena Bonham Carter, Kenneth Charles, Miranda Richardson. The film has made over 90 million at the box office. Most of the movies were set in U.K and some parts was set in Scotland. The location is true.After reading the book, then you watch the movie, you will find the movie is intriguing. If you want quick to know what happens in Harry Potter, you can choose to watch the movie first. This is a magic movie.I watched this movie at least six times. It is my childhood memory, It's worth the watch! Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is what a book adaptation should be. The only things left out of the movie were very minor. This tells the story of a boy whose parents were killed when he was young and been mistreated by his aunt and uncle. He receives a letter about a school named Hogwarts. There, in his first year with his friends Ron and Hermione, he must stop wrongdoing of a couple teachers. The cast was wonderfully casted. Daniel Radcliffe is fantastic and looks the part of Harry. Everyone else is perfect. As I mentioned above, the adaptation is great. The movie even used the same quotations as the books. The music is memorable. I liked John William's Hedwig Theme. The costumes are good-looking and so is everything else. This movie will leave a magical imprint on your minds and this is only the first film. I rate this magical adventure 10/10. Thank God this film (and the series) was made by a British production company and not by the idiots who run Hollyweird! I don't feel any compulsion towards reviewing this film because it is celluloid perfection in every imaginable aspect. The cast was perfect, the sets were perfect, and the dialog was perfect. If you disagree then read the book and continue on with being a purist. I won't care! What the hell guys... I've read the books like probably 20+ times and yes they aren't necessarily close to the movies but the movies were still fricking fantastic!! I'm a die hard harry potter fan and those who say that Daniel Radcliffe isn't a good actor is stupid i mean he's eleven for hecks sake!!! If you hate it that much leave your nasty snarky comments to yourself My favourite part was when the staircases changed (Simon age 7).We went as a family and we were all very impressed.  There is nothing wrong with the acting, it is uniformly good and neither is there anything duff about the special effects, in fact they are excellent and the result is a delight to watch which has a 'magical' atmosphere. I give it 10 out 10. I think I may sound like a stooge if I say this, but it is now that I have finally watched this movie. Throughout my life - school days, college, internet; I often used to see people going non-stop about Harry Potter (I think they are called Potterheads). Harry Potter this, Harry Potter that. So finally yesterday I decided to give it a try and oh my god, it's amazing! Why didn't I see it back when I had the chance to?It is kinda unbelieveable that such a nicely detailed CGI movie was released in 2001. I know the VFX had grown a lot better since Lord of the Rings trilogy was also made at the same time, but still I was not prepared for it. I was expecting it to be just some regular CGI that didn't age too well. Trust me, if you haven't watched the movie till now, it hasn't aged at all. It can very much still be the selling point of the movie.I had watched some parts of the movie, like the beginning where Harry's cousin was brought back home after he fell in the snake's cage and the Quidditch scene, but I didn't have any powerful memory of any other scene from the movie. In the scene where Voldemort says to the professor, "Kill him!" somehow I used to remember that scene to be the teacher first saying "What should I do?" to which Voldemort replies that. And I'm glad I didn't have any previous memory of this movie, because that way I was able to experience everything for the first time.This movie has the 2001 movie's vibe to it, where the story is very straightforward and the childish background music makes it seem very easy to understand. I haven't seen any other movie of the franchise, as I'm going to watch the next part after writing this review. But I hope it stays that way, since it's very easy to understand and thus I can watch the movie on my phone while doing my work on my laptop. I miss this kind of movies with lot of ideas about magic and magicians. I spent must of my childhood watching it and I really enjoyed it. The most interesting thing about "Harry Potter" is that all the movies are good. But it's still hard to choose the best one. What do you think? Nobody knows for sure. I've read many articles on the issue, and the best answer I can find is that "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" is the best "Harry Potter" movie. I disagree with that because that movie didn't involve Lord Voldemort. In fact, it's the only "Harry Potter" movie that was missing him which I found interesting. That movie had nothing to do with him even. I won't be surprised, though, if the first movie, "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", is the best movie. It's the one which started it all. It's an adventure, family and fantasy movie. The first movie happens to be one of my favourites. This is the movie where you're introduced with several characters: Albus Dumbledore, Draco Malfoy, Dudley Dursley, Fred Weasley, George Weasley, Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, Molly Weasley, Neville Longbottom, Ron Weasley, Rubeus Hagrid, Severus Snape, Vernon Dursley etc. There were so many of them. Each having a minor or major role. "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" is where "Harry Potter" finds out he's a wizard. He's famous for that scar on his forehead. "Harry Potter" is invited to study at Hogwarts which is a school that teaches magic and potion. I like the part at the beginning where "Harry Potter" lives with his cruel and mean aunt and uncle. Let's not forget the birthday boy who wants more presents. I found that hilarious. Dudley needs to learn to grow-up. The start set the tone. My favourite character is Albus Dumbledore who is the headmaster of "Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry". He's the most famous and powerful wizard of all time. Even Lord Voldemort, who is a dark wizard, is afraid of him. It would be some battle though between these two iconic wizards. You don't get to see it in this movie I'm afraid. In "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", it's "Harry Potter" first year at Hogwarts. He finds out that he's a famous wizard. He's also very wealthy. In America, the first movie is titled differently. It's called "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone". It's still the same thing. I also liked the book. It's short, and I remember my teacher reading the book to the entire class. I always wanted to see the first movie since. I seen the preview. I liked the plot. I was very surprised regarding the character - Severus Snape. He was innocent the entire time. I thought it was him causing trouble. I was wrong. He was protecting "Harry Potter" all this time. I like surprises. He's one of the major reasons why "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" was enjoyable. I seen all the overall ratings these "Harry Potter" movies received on IMDb, and the margins are very close. It must be that hard to figure out the best "Harry Potter" movie I guess. "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" is a good movie to watch for the Christmas season even though it's not technically a Christmas movie. I might be wrong on that one though. This is one of many adventures for the boy who lived. "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" is the start. This is the best harry potter film, it's great. it's so fun and i don't have much to say because i love it! Columbus did a fantastic job directing the two Potter movies for use fans since 2001 2002 and producing Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban. But I will always appreciate Chris Columbus directing on Harry Potter and Percy Jackson . I hope he does another Harry Potter movie or Percy Jackson movie cause he has a better imagination like Peter Jackson. The film editing was well done by sticking more to the book. Some are improvised well. After Avengers Infinity War, we waited for the Avengers Endgame. We wondered how the story would go on, how our heroes would turn back, what would be the end of Thanos. Many theories related to this have been put forward. Avengers Endgame was undoubtedly the most anticipated film of recent years. Normally, the higher the expectation, the higher the probability of disappointment. But this is not the case for Endgame. Whatever you're expecting, you find much more in the film. This means that the biggest concern about the film has disappeared.On the other hand, another comparison comes up. Is Endgame more successful than Infinity War? We can comfortably say it Avengers Infinity War is just the beginning of the story. Endgame was the finale of the story. So we shouldn't think of these two films as two separate stories. There is only one story divided into two parts.Avengers Endgame is, above all, a great homage to the ten-year history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The story highlights the original Avengers team. Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Hulk, Black Widow and Hawkeye are at the center of events. No character comes in front of them. Of course there are many characters that play an important role in the story outside the original Avengers team. Everyone's concern was that Captain Marvel, who was included in the Marvel world, overshadowed other heroes. We can say that this certainly did not happen. What is important in this struggle is not how strong you are, but how good you are. This comes to the fore in all areas. It gives good message about being a hero and a family.Of course, Avengers Endgame has some critical aspects. For example, is the three-hour period necessary in terms of the story? It can be discussed. The head of the story moves much slower than the rest. It also drags the heroes into an emotional predicament. Then the tempo is rising and the heavy scenes we are watching are getting more meaningful. The last 45 minutes of the movie is fully action packed. But the last 45 minutes goes so fast that you don't even realize it. Action and battle scenes are really successful. There is not even a slight distress about visual effects. There are also slight logic errors in the film, but in general the story is so successful that these details become meaningless and insignificant after a certain point.Lastly, Avengers Endgame doesn't have a movie end scene. Because after the film's final, there is no need for another scene. The Marvel legend Stan Lee appears with a small stage. But this is the last surprise scene in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Moreover, there is no clue about Marvel's future. This makes us wonder more about Spider-Man: Far from Home. 10/10 If you're going to watch this movie, avoid any spoilers, even spoiler free reviews.
Which is why I'm not going to say anything about the movie. Not even my opinion. All I'm going to say is:The crowd applauded 3 times during the movie, and stood up to clap their hands after. This I have never witnessed in a Dutch cinema. Dutch crowds aren't usually passionate about this. I checked the row where I was sitting, and people were crying. After the movie, I was seeing people with smudged mascara. That's all I have to say about the movie. Rating 10/10
Absolute perfection end game !! Good acting performance to all the characters. Great cgi's. Truly epic & perfect ending to a long journey of marvel movie. Go see it you wont regret it !! Perfection Marvel Endgame !! " ...the problem is, when you mess with time, time kinda tends to MESS BACK.. "
~TONY STARK, A.K.A 'IRONMAN', MARVEL'S " AVENGER'S : ENDGAME " .___________________________________________________" SO WHO CARES ?...if this "1ST-BIT" HERE sounds a bit CLICHE ? ? ? The fact is that this film Is, ( At The VERY LEAST ) ->-
( 1. )A LABOUR OF L💎VE .
( 2. )A TRUE, UNEQUIVOCAL WORK OF " HE💎RT " .
( 3. )A BEAUTIFUL & ENDURING M💎STERPIECE .I ABSOLUTELY ADORE pictures that are "THOROUGHLY" UNPREDICTABLE, & this Passionately-exquisite Creation FAR, FAR outweighed my Every-Hope in that particular respect, and ...Indeed..... so MANY, MANY, MORE .A WELL MEANING WORD OF ADVICE, THOUGH ->- "THIS IS ( NOT ⭐ -❕) A FAIRY TALE". BE ABSOLUTELY SURE to chuck your 'innocently-created FANTASIES' of what to expect... RIGHT AT THE CINEMA ENTRANCE, ( Or chances are, you will Almost-CERTAINLY, be DISAPPOINTED ) .ALSO, I "ESPECIALLY" urge you to Spare more than just a "Passing-thought" for CHRIS HEMSWORTH'S "Profoundly-comedic", & YES... O F . C O UR S E ->- ROBERT DOWNEY JUNIOR'S, "Utterly-Stellar & ENTIRELY OSCAR WORTHY ⭐❕ ( -AS IN "BEST ACTOR, & NO LESS- )".. "DRAMATIC"... PERFORMANCES. ( The Generally-SUPERB Collective-cast performance NOTWITHSTANDING )...Come to think of it, ( SADLY ), ANTAGONISTS' performances these days Often tend to get OVERLOOKED and/or TAKEN FOR-GRANTED; & JOSH BROLIN'S "INEVITABLE"-THANOS ->- MAY ->- most decidedly be NO EXCEPTION. I'm ( ALREADY ;) ) ROOTING FOR him to be Nominated for "BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR" for the 2020 OSCAR AWARDS .AND IN CLOSING : OH YES.. Consider Yourself Warned... this film is SO FUNNY..... you may just ->- "DIE LAUGHING". ( Consider yourself FULLY-WARNED, N O W ) .A HUMONGOUS, WHOLESALE 25 ( 😉 ❤ ) MARKS OUT OF 10 , HANDS DOWN ⭐ ❕❕" . Man! I thought Infinity War was off the hook, but this one...
A perfect compliment to a two part epic. It was what I thought it was going to be, a lot of talk, a lot of planning, but amazingly it was not boring. Not for one second!
Infinity War was the moment we were all waiting for and then they tell us they are going to split it into two films. End Game could have gone south with this choice, but it did not. It's always exciting, especally if you are a comic book fan or have been watching these movies for now eleven years.
Don't want to say too much, but shine a light on Robert Downey Jr. who got to perfect his Iron Man persona to the point where Hugh Jackman can't even surpass him. Captain American is giving all us FanBoys everything we ever wanted to see and Thor...underperforms with hilarious results (and hopefully will create 2019's most popular costume for a certain type of man). Loved Mark Rufflo in this film and Thanos baby, still the baddest villain around.
It's fun it's dramatic, it's like Lord of the Rings with one less movie. Three hours well worth the ticket.
Stan Lee would be proud! Nuff said! Walking in, given Marvel's latest publicity, I was expecting, well, I was expecting an absolute cringe fest, and thankfully I didn't get it. In fact, there were only a couple of absolute cringe moments and each dealt with Brie Larson, particularly her appearance in the final fight.Thankfully though, Marvel showed a lot of restraint with that and as a result the movie really belonged to the characters that we all have invested over a decade of love and loyalty in....and honestly that was a relief. There were times where the film looked like it wanted to go the other way, and put the OG Avengers in the backseat. So, credit for not doing that.It feels a lot more like Kill Bill 2 in atmosphere than a real Super-Hero movie, all the really fun big fights were reserved for the first film and what's left is a long closing act that is more concerned with tying up loose ends than delivering on over-the-top action. And it works for a send off film after a decade of investment.So what you have feels very much like an intimate and sentimental film made by old friends at send off...or a funeral...but in either case it is absolutely appropriate.Unfortunately, you have the enormously epic CGI battle at the end and I, for one, am kind of done with that trope. It's starting to bore me now, and, honestly, I would prefer something a little more authentic. But, that being said, the film at least called for it.We've seen battles like that before, Black Panther, Aquaman, Infinity War, Lord of the Rings, and, honestly those CGI armies lack any real intimacy. So the end is kind of a bore compared to the rest of the film.The highlight in the film would be Thor with Hulk coming in as a close second. They steal the show from the moment they are introduced and the trademark MCU humor that Black Panther and Captain Marvel utterly lacked. And the humor was a source of comfort after two films that made vague threats of taking themselves far too seriously for a superhero flick.The wrap-up was more than satisfying if not heart-wrenching at moments making it a great send off for a decade of time and money invested in the characters, however the legacy that the MCU is passing on seems in trouble nonetheless and we can only hope that it doesn't go the route that the MCU has been teasing and toying with and continues to deliver fun superhero movies and not the heavy-handed or deadly serious films they have threatened the audience with. Avengers: Endgame is above all the best Marvel superhero movie to date. This is also the best and epic conclusion to the 21 movies in the first 10 years of the MCU. This is the epic culmination. The best storytelling ever told. This is made by people who do, for people who do, and this movie itself, does, love the MCU. You can think of it as a TV show finale. After 21 episodes that are all feature length. And before you can even say "oh no those are all terrible", this immediately proves itself to be an exception to that rule. Where the equally masterful Infinity War was almost one long action climax, this is less about fights. Which doesn't mean it doesn't have any. Or that they're anything less than excellent. And this film is definitely never boring. This focuses on character exploration. Every member of the original Avengers team, and a handful individuals that aren't, all get significant depth. I remain one of the few people who argue that Age of Ultron did deliver that, albeit in small concentrated format. This easily tops that. Everyone is pushed into a situation new to them. The trailers hint at some of these, whilst leaving others as incredible surprises. Make sure you avoid spoilers before watching this.This picture moves fast and packs a lot into its not quite lean running time. In other words, it's directed by the Russo Brothers. The length is justified. I wouldn't cut anything from this. The emotional moments don't feel sappy. The countless callbacks and references don't feel like they're just there to make you feel good for paying attention to all that lead to this one. The acting shows just how well all of these performers understand the characters. And the screenplay does the same for the writers. The effects are astonishing, yet again getting us to care about individuals that we know are all CG. It uses the varied skills, equipment and the like, of the unique heroes and villains, creatively. This delivers deeply satisfying closure. It truly is a conclusion. It's not trying to get you back to the theatre for the next adventure. The few currently confirmed entries into this franchise don't need hyping, anyway. Spider-Man with Mysterio? Another Black Panther story? The unfairly fired James Gunn returning to round out the trilogy of the Guardians of the Galaxy? Solo Black widow, *finally*? More Dr Strange? Shang-Chi, The Eternals, Blade? Keep 'em coming.I recommend this to everyone who's taken this entire journey. And if you're someone who's skipped some, or held off on this series up to this point, this is an excellent reason to address that. Unless they're simply not to your liking. This is not going to change that. It's not meant to. 10/10 Unbelievable. For Marvel to pull this tour de force of a film is unreal. 21 films. 21 films culminating in the conclusion of endgame. The scope is incredible, I will only say it's definitely one of the best Marvel films out there, and there are many. I don't want to spoil anything. Watch it! The hardest thing to do is end something. The ending of a story, novel, or movie is probably the hardest thing to write. This is not the climax and falling action, but the resolution, where all the dangling threads are tied up and resolved. Very few writers can create one with supreme satisfaction - mostly because in this day and age writers want sequels and franchises. Avengers Endgame is the pinnacle of Marvel movies. It is a masterpiece of the super-hero genre. It gives closure, and resolution.
The movie picks up almost immediately after Thanos snapped half the world out of existence. The remaining Avengers, Iron Man (Tony Stark), War Machine (Don Cheedle), Captain America (Chris Evans), Black Widow (Scarlet Johansson), Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), and Rocket (Bradley Cooper) are trying to gather their wits after they had their asses handed to them.
Tony is on his way back to Earth from Titan. His only companion is Nebula (Karen Gillian). Fortunately, Captain Marvel (Brie Larson) comes to the rescue. Bringing them back to Earth, they are reunited ... for a moment. Tony wants nothing to do with them after Cap's betrayal. He goes back to Pepper.
The remaining heroes track down Thanos (Josh Brolin) and find the Infinity Stones have destroyed themselves, as well as him. Now, what do we do?
Five years later, a van in San Francisco has its computer activated by a mouse. It activates the shrinking device that left Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) stranded in the shrunken universe. He comes back - but the five year isolation was only five hours to the Ant Man. He traverses the nation to find the Avengers. When he learns of what happened, he has an idea. The microscopic universe has entry and exit points in time.
Yes, they can travel back in time and find the Infinity Stones, bring them back, and snap everyone back into existence. Hey, you have to realize that time travel was going to come into this sooner or later. The Avengers need Tony to figure out a way to take out the random effects, but he is tied too much to Pepper (Gwenyth Paltrow), and their daughter, Morgan.
Tony, though, cannot back out of a possibility of setting things right. He is onboard with the idea, so three teams travel back to different points. Tony, Bruce, Steve, and Scott (hey, my name's Steve Scott!) head to New York after the Avengers battle. Roadie, Nebula, Nadia, and Clint (Jeremy Renner) return to the stellar world where two other stones exist. Rocket and Thor return to Asgaarrd before its destruction to fetch a couple of others.
As they find the stones, they find themselves - as well as a slew of MCU characters that helped and hindered them on the way. Loki, Brumlow, Sitwell, Pierce (Robert Redford) all have their cameos as former HYDRA secret operatives. Of course, it would be a sin not to have Tom Hiddleston return as Loki. Tony and Steve go to another spot where Steve catches a glimpse of Peggy Carter (Haylee Atwell), and Tony gets to have some words with his father, Howard Stark (John Slattery).
Thor gets to see Jane again (Natalie Portman), as well as his mother, Frigga (Rene Russo). Rocket has to work hard and convince him to take the stones back. Of course, Thor cannot leave without one particular thing.
Meanwhile, Clint and Nadia have to retrieve the Soul Stone. They need a soul to get it. At the same time, Thanos, who is alive at this point, realizes the Nebula of the past is having glitches. He and Gamora (Zoe Saldana) are able to figure out what they are doing there. Realizing their plan, he has to stop them and make sure his plan comes through.
You can tell this all-star cast was handled well, providing story, action, laughs, and even tears. A few of these heroes sacrifice themselves for others. They get to reconcile themselves over past mistakes, regrets, and get to redeem themselves. They are reunited with loves ones lost five years ago when Thanos snapped his fingers. And they fight together against a foe for the first time since Avengers Age of Ultron. They were one team.
Someone could easily nit-pick this one, especially on the time travel. However, the ending brings so much satisfaction. Between the sacrifices, the second chances, the characters all have their resolutions tied up, with no post-credit scenes. Some of the character arcs are messy, but the movie provides an emotional satisfaction unheralded in motion picture history. Avengers Endgame gets a perfect score. A wonderful and amazing movie for all the fans.
So much emotions, so many nostalgic moments, and action, humor, drama! We get to see all the superheroes and some more loveable characters.
I feel sorry for those who try to find scientific logic in a movie about superheros. You really need to focus on what's important.
Just enjoy! I appreciate many desperate people want to seem "edgy" or "alternative" by defining themselves as "different" but really, you come off as nothing more than the representation of inadequacy. I'm not suggesting you need to love this movie or that you can't find fault, but what this and it's predecessor, Infinity War, achieved; not only in cinema, but storytelling as a whole, is laudable. This is not a stand-alone movie and requires some foreknowledge, but it's an accomplished endgame of a movie arc of over 10 years unlike any other in movie history This was movie was the perfect way to bring together everyone, let's us know how about many of the Avengers including how the years since the snap has affected them and it allows them the ability to resolve or revisit their past. Love seeing everyone united, loved seeing the A-Force. Laughing, surprises, tears. Just perfection. Just watched the movie again at home last night. I tought I would not react the same way I did in the theater, but I was wrong. When the avengers assemble my heart was pounding again. Came to think why and figures that for me, this felt the grand finale of a great series, or of a 50+ hours movie. The culmination of a master crafted history. I'm not a marvel or superhero fan, that is why my reaction surprised so much. Just, wow! Just like my headline says. Watch this masterpiece for the love of God! This and infinity war are on totally different levels to any other super hero film. And this goes one level better than infinity war, absolutely fantastic. I laughed , cried and was speechless. 3 hours well used. It was a perfect "ending" of the Avenger Movies.
I will watch it again and again and again. 10 points well deserved!!! This movie is the end of an era. I feel like I've been saying that a lot lately. First with The Walking Dead, now Marvel, and soon Star Wars too(though SW technically ended in 2005). It's sad that certain chapters of my favorite franchises are ending, but part of the journey is the end, right?I imagine that everything that could possibly be said about Endgame has already been said. It's an absolutely incredible finale to the MCU, and also lays down some set up for its near future, and possibly far future too. I could not have asked for anything better. However, there are a few things I'd change:1. "Tony Stark built this in a cave! With a box of scraps!" They should've had Tony use his intuition to fix the ship and get home on his own. Maybe he uses parts of Nebula to fix it temporarily. Could come in for a crash landing and have CM swoop in to help them land safely.2. Could've explored more of the repercussions of the snap. I love what they showed though, and I get the movie is already long enough as is, so this isn't a biggie.3. The female Avengers coming together to rescue Peter was a cringy and forced scene that takes you out of the movie. Instead, they could've focused on other aspects of the battle because it feels like it goes so quick.4. Hulk should've had a rematch with Thanos. Instead of giving Captain Marvel two fights with Thanos, after he throws her off the first time, let Hulk jump in for a rematch. This was a fight that was sorely missing and is Endgame's biggest missed opportunity. Given that Professor Hulk is Hulk and Banner merged, he'd be smarter so he could've put up a better fight.5. Natasha's funeral should've been alongside Tony's at the end.Given these changes, I think Endgame would've been even better. That being said, it's still one of my favorite movies ever as is. The cast were all fantastic, and the movie was action packed, but surprisingly story-driven, emotional, and epic. I'm glad that we got one last movie to send the original Avengers off, but I feel that the team up movies after this almost won't be worth it. Marvel struck magic with this original team of Avengers and it's hard to believe they'll pull it off again without 3 of them. However, there are still some solo ventures to look forward to: Black Widow, Spider-Man 3, Doctor Strange 2, Thor 4, and the TV shows on Disney+.My Rating: 10/10. It's just a masterpiece, everything is looking pretty good! Play Avengers: Endgame! It is fast and easy to view! A good way to spend your time. Be the best! I never have seen any movie in life that has such a great action and awesome fantasy , I am speechless and all I can say is bravo and will done. Wow, just Wow! This movie has it all and needs to be watched PERIOD!! I think film is entering a post-cliche phase, where tired tropes are no longer tired, but are now just accepted tools in a storyteller's toolbox. Certainly we don't need to enforce originality on all forms of art. I adore this film. The entire MCU is a breathtaking opera, and this is the ten-year grand finale. You *do* need to see all twenty-one previous films (in chronological order, hopefully, rather than release order) because taken on its own, "Endgame" would be a mishmash, with so many of its call-backs missed.I think film is also leaving the era of the auteur, and entering that of the committee. George Lucas may have been the final straw, as when Disney (the originators of the committee method, from what I can tell) picked up the mantle of that particular franchise, their natural choice to revert to committee decisions dovetailed with everyone's need to get franchises out of one person's control. The MCU was planned out ten years in advance, so that almost at once -- and certainly by Ultron -- "Endgame" was being envisioned. Seeing how all the disparate threads meet and find either their resolution or their own inspiring arc, that *in itself* is amazing. Knowing that, in the most crucial moment of the film, we get a familiar call-back to a much earlier part of the MCU, elevates the experience from one of possible bewilderment to outright joy. It's no wonder that other directors would defer this type of blockbuster to the Russos. I only wonder how anyone involved in the creative process could have kept these secrets to themselves for ten years. Knowing that this film makes its predecessor seem like a prelude, and all the other significant milestones in the franchise series seem like blips on a radar, it must have been nerve-wracking to know how all of this turns out and still feed us those "massive" revelations in the earlier films.When in the right context, a superlative experience. As good a film experience as you will find. Yes, if you don't gel with the film, it could strike you any number of odd ways, but most people are on board with it being a new classic. Not sure why so many people are so negative about this movie. The build up of 22 films to this couldn't have been better. I get goosebumps every time they come through the portals. Definitely was sad with Cap and Iron Man, but at some point you have to move on. I truly wanted this to be it, but knowing Feige and how well he's done I am excited for the future of the MCU. My only wish, I hope DC figures itself out. Truly a shame they are wasting the Justice League. It's not a competition, just do it right. My gosh! I laughed. I cried. I was at the edge of my seat. I was glued to my seat not knowing what to expect. I felt a wave of nostalgia ebb and flow. I cried some more.This movie was comprehensive and covered all its bases as far as closing the chapter on all the avengers movies. I also appreciated the balance between the human side of the heroes (showing how loosing everyone effected them) and the fight scenes.The final battle for the infinity stones left me in tears. I thought it was beautiful that captain America was able to wield thor's hammer. And when all the heroes started to materialize out of nowhere I thought I would scream with excitement!I have been a fan of the avengers since day one and heavily invested emotionally in every movie. I'm sad to see it end especially for iron man and captain America (my favorite avenger). I guess now I will wait to see what else marvel has in store for us. I am stunned by the 10+ years of the MCU and how they were able to bring it all together. Magnificent! However, I hate Captain Marvel. I shudder to wonder what will come of the MCU under her guidance and direction. Black Widow could have/ should have carried the torch. Please don't make any more Captain Marvel movies. I'm begging you. I saw this movie with my wife and I have to say this was even better than I ever thought possible!All these people that want to compare this to episode 4 are just the type of people I am sure that just can't be pleased no matter what you do for them. Wake up spammers with boring lives, This is STAR WARS driven by the best part of the force. I consider this a continuation of brilliance at its finest. You people that endlessly cry about this movie did actually see it, right? LOL Can't wait to see this story continue for years to come. This has made me an even bigger fan of Star Wars. I thought the acting was top notch, especially Harrison Ford, he stepped right back into that role perfectly.Enjoy an amazing movie for exactly what it is.........AMAZING! I know this, among many other reviews, will just find themselves lost in translation with thousands of others. But that wont deter me from conveying how simply awesome this movie was. It was truly a Star Wars movie. To have just enough fresh material meshed so fluidly with the old stuff everyone loves is a truly amazing feat.I've read countless reviews that say this movie has lost all heart and doesn't feel like a Star Wars movie and the answer to that is simply........wrong.From glorious dogfights to scene stealing droids to gritty lightsaber battles this movie has everything I want in a Star Wars film. And more! There are some real moments of raw emotion too that I think the Prequels tried to instill but just couldn't.The plot is perfection, the new characters had perfect chemistry with the old, the effects were even more mind blowing than the trailers led to me believe, etc etc etc Please don't even bother reading any laughable negative reviews, simply see this spectacle for yourself.10 A fantastic addition to the Star Wars series!Great story, excellent acting, brilliant action, and so on.The photography was sweeping and excellent. The characters were imaginative and fresh. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and would watch it again without hesitation.The plot was easily the best of the entire series and the cast were all outstanding in their parts.I truly look forward to the next installment and hope J. J. is at the helm. (Scratch that, he actually is!!!!) My expectations were very, very high for this movie.Starting with the opening scene, a typical Star Wars opening, I wondered how well it was done. I wondered how it would be different and yet new, rebooting some of the old and original without seeming stagnant.JJ delivered on the Star Trek reboot and he absolutely nailed this one as well.He made it his own movie, he engaged original characters by engaging the new and the old. He let the characters tell their own stories without pushing over the boundaries. The story flowed.John Williams does it again. Harrison Ford was spectacular. The newcomers were fun, engaging and "cheer" worthy.My only complaint is this: do I really have to wait 2 more years to see the next amazing one directed by Abrams?!Someone pass me the Xanax while I wait, please!!! I know biased fanboys of the painfully average, outdated original trilogy will cluelessly cry about this, but yes, The Force Awakens is the most well made film of the Star Wars saga. This film has all the goodness of the original movies, characters who are easily likable, incredible effects, John Williams' rousing musical score and a great time at the cinema, enjoyable with our families and friends. But there are things which are even better than the original movies. Interaction between the lead characters is so natural, you got to commend the writers and the director J J Abrams for their amazing work. Most blockbuster films today tend to focus on spectacle and visual effects enhanced action over tender human moments. This film balances action and human drama amazingly well. The new characters are extremely memorable, the new actors Daisy Ridley and John Boyega are wonderful in their roles, along with Oscar Isaac. BB8 is extremely adorable, dare I say even better than R2D2. Adam Driver as Kylo Ren is a worthy villain, with the best motion capture actor in the world Andy Serkis, doing what he does best, as Supreme Leader Snoke. The visual effects on display here are incredible, and unlike the prequels which were ruined by their CGish feel, this one relies on practical effects. Almost everything in this film looks real, the stormtroopers look real, because they are real mean in armor, kudos for J J Abrams for not using CGI even for closeup shots of troopers. J J Abrams is a better director than George Lucas, and that will be very clear when you see the film. This film deserves every award and acclaim it received. A film as widely anticipated and hyped as this can rarely ever be this good, and yet........it is! Ten out of Ten against the negative whiny fan-boys. This movie is really amazing, and MOST of the world LOVE this film. Box office!!!It is a fun Star Wars ride in every way. It COULD have been worse, but JJ did an amazing job pulling this off. Felt like Star Wars all the way. No one complained in the first few weeks, and then... let the haters go home and leave the rest of the world enjoying this movie Finn and Rey all the way!!!! I simply cannot comprehend how anyone would give this a bad review. It was, without a doubt brilliant. The directing was amazing, to the point where you're so immersed in the scenes, I actually felt giddy during some of the flight scenes, it feels like you're actually IN the ship. The special effects are tastefully done, and are a perfect follow on from its predecessors. Nostalgia rules in this thrilling film, we felt like applauding several times throughout, and got goosebumps in some amazing scenes. It was also surprisingly humorous, (in appropriate amounts), and the balance of new characters versus returning characters and story lines was brilliant. 10 out of 10 for me! I'm a veeeeery long-term Star Wars fan, since back in '77.The Force Awakens was absolutely brilliant - everyone in the IMAX cinema clapped and cheered at the end. And it was a mixed audience too, not just Star Wars nerds like myself.I would describe this movie as a Star Wars that's real and gritty - I felt immersed in every scene, and not once was the spell broken, unlike the tragic prequels.The acting was superb, cinematography was amazing, and I could never tell when CGI was being used! Story was excellent with some unexpected twists, music great as always, action sequences were breathtaking. Everyone in the cinema was quite emotional by the end. I don't know how some people are giving this a low rating, they must be paid trolls getting that big payola payday from someone. LOL just kidding, that's literally the single dumbest thing i've ever heard. XDLooking forward to watching this again and again!Thanks J.J. for coming through ; ) With this absolute epic, Star Wars.....is......back! JJ Abrams achieved a small miracle in creating a movie that respects its original material, brings in a ton of new characters, makes it appealing for new viewers and sets up a story to build a new Star Wars trilogy on. Without giving away too many spoilers, the story revolves around a scavenger (Rey), a renegade stormtrooper(Finn) and a fighter pilot(Poe) in their quest to defeat an enemy with the power to endanger the galaxy. To be honest, actual great acting has never been a strong point in any of the previous Star Wars movies. This trend has thankfully been broken, as the stellar cast give great performances throughout the whole movie. The newcomers Daisy Ridley and John Boyega, playing as Rey and Finn respectively, prove themselves more than capable of carrying the load in continuing the saga. They both show great chemistry together and give us extremely likable characters, with Rey bringing the heart of the film and Finn the abundant energy. Oscar Isaacs, who plays Poe, is the veteran among the young cast and pulls of a cool and smart-ass X-wing pilot. And finally, the old cast returns to give this film a true Star Wars feel to it. Harrison Ford returns as Han Solo and has not seemed to skip a beat since 1983, as he is as cheeky and bad-ass as ever. His witty banter with Chewbacca is a pleasure to watch, but Ford also brings a strong emotional performance this time too. Carrie Fisher as Leia also returns, in a rather small role, and delivers some sweet scenes with Han and the new cast. However, the most complex character with the best arc in this movie, is the antagonist Kylo Ren. Ren, played by Adam Driver, gives us an extremely intimidating villain with a troubled past we are eager to discover. Ultimately, he serves us more than a Darth Vader wannabe. JJ Abrams alongside Lawrence Kasdan wrote a fun and entertaining screenplay with plenty of emotional plot twists and content. Each main character has its own background and motivation, which develops over the duration of the film. A pleasant surprise to see is the humor used in the movie. The comedic relief in the film was used very effectively in developing chemistry and sympathy for the characters. It is also a sign that the movie does not take itself too seriously as the prequels did. The Force Awakens is filled with exhilarating action and moves with great pace during these scenes. Yet, Abrams knows to slow it down during scenes conveying intense emotion giving the audience time to process all that is thrown at them. These combined make it easy to understand the main characters' motivations, making the emotional investment so much better. As is typical of Star Wars, the movie is full of awe inspiring visual images and astonishing sound editing, creating new sounds for laser beams, light sabers, and alien noises. The cinematography is equally impressive, showing beautiful landscape shots of new planets reminiscent of the original trilogy. The cinematographer also shows us a diverse array of shots, giving heart- pounding POV shots inside the cockpit and nice long shots of the battlefield giving it a great scope while avoiding confusion caused by the numerous explosions. John Williams makes a welcome return to the Star Wars franchise with a bombastic new score, but also with nicely timed inserts of his famous original music to bring up emotional heartwarming feeling among the old-school fans. In conclusion, The Force Awakens is a return to greatness for the Star Wars franchise. This beautiful reunion of old characters combined with the introduction of promising new characters results in an emotional, adventure trip that left me excited for what is coming next. To quote Jimmy Kimmel, this movie was probably "the most anticipated sequel since the New Testament". So expect this movie to be under the most intense scrutiny by reviewers as they dissect the movie to its core to find the tiniest (I.E. laughably non-existent) flaws. In the end, The Force Awakens delivers as a fantastic Star Wars film and an incredibly worthy addition to the franchise. This new edition to the Star Wars franchise is arguably the best by  far. It combines the time-tested formula with the new and raw ideas  Disney brings to the table. From the moment the traditional text crawl  appears, this movie will keep you at the edge of your seat serving you  with action-packed scenes and unpredictable reveals that will surely  make you wanting for more.  One thing I particularly adored is how this new movie creativity uses  the Force. Disney has steered away from the boring 'push and pull'  concept and found ways you could never imagine the Force can be applied  and used on.  The presence of the old cast was monumental as it helped the old  audience transition to the new heroes  as they have similar (but also  diverse) qualities with their old counterparts. The ending, as  expected, is a major cliff-hanger. Expect to walk out of the cinema  dazed, amazed and confused as the movie, not only, answer the old  questions, but at the same time unfold new mysteries for the audience  to ponder on. Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a movie this generation  should really see. I genuinely recommend you see it on IMAX so you may  experience the Force in a way that will leave you lost in thought in  the days to come.  You-are-wel-come Star Wars The Force Awakens is a beautiful film. It's the Star Wars film that we've been waiting for for 30 years, the film that the prequels failed to deliver. It is full of gorgeous visuals, memorable characters, and genuinely funny lines but above all, it truly felt like how a Star Wars movie should feel. Wildly entertaining, at no point during the film did I feel removed from the action, or that I was waiting for the next scene to happen. The movie is very fast paced, with very few slow moments. That being said, the action flows together perfectly and somehow manages to never feel rushed. For me, by far the best part of The Force Awakens were the characters. And I don't mean Han, Luke, and Leia. While it was great to see the original three back in action, and Harrison Ford gave another brilliant performance as Han Solo, the ones that really stole the show were the new characters. The story centers around Rey, an independent, resourceful scavenger on the planet Jakku. Rey has clearly endured many hardships throughout her life and yet somehow, she remains hopeful about her future and maintains a strong optimistic attitude. As the movie progresses, we see Rey begin to discover her powers with the force and how to use them. But only towards the end of the film do we realize how powerful she truly is, and I am very excited to see what's in store for her in episodes 8 and 9. Part of what made Rey such a believable, effective character was the spectacular acting performance by Daisy Ridley. No other actor could have done a better job. The majority of the comic relief in this film comes from Finn, an ex storm trooper who encounters Rey in the desert after he crashes while trying to escape the First Order. It was fascinating to see a little inside the life of a storm trooper, something we never really saw in any of the previous films. Finn is equally as believable a character as Rey, and John Boyega's performance was spot on as well. Part of what made these two characters so great was the on screen chemistry between them, something that the prequels failed to deliver with Anakin and Padme.As for Kylo Ren, aka Ben Solo, it was awesome to see such a complex character that has so many layers as the villain. We learn more about Kylo Ren's back story and personality in this one film than we do about Darth Vader in almost all of the original trilogy. The light saber temper tantrums, the side punching, the conversations with Darth Vader's helmet, Kylo Ren is the perfect balance of emotional kid and pure bad-ass. Star Wars The Force Awakens has brought back everything that I loved about the original Star Wars while at the same time, adding an element of mystery that did not exist in the originals. The movie is pure fun to watch and is so entertaining that I didn't notice any of the issues until my second viewing. If a massive grin didn't spread across your face when Han and Chewy burst through the doors of the millennium falcon, or if you didn't get goosebumps when Finn ignited Anakin's light saber for the first time, then you were never a TRUE Star Wars fan to begin with.Facts and even more facts. You're welcome ; ) The original cast is back and fits in beautifully with the new crew. The CGI are great and the movie as a whole is A MASTERPIECE.This movie did a brilliant job of taking new actors with a new story (this is Star Wars for the new generation after all) and combined them with the original actors and clever references to the original trilogy. The dialogue was perfect for this movie (and very much in JJ Abrams' style) with just enough witty banter and clever one liners to keep you amused amidst all the serious action.And finally that brings me to the action. it was believable, and was perfectly reminiscent of the original trilogy. It is its own wonderful movie but is still definitively Star Wars. I recommend this to any fan of the franchise, any younger fans, fans of a good action and adventure movie, or fans of just incredible filmmaking period! J.J. Abrams has crafted a fantastic new episode of Star Wars in the classic style of the original trilogy, restoring competence, humor, convincing dialogue and acting, thrills, spills and chills. He has created new, likable characters that the audience can actually get behind, instead of be annoyed, disconnected and detached from, as in the widely-derided prequel trilogy. The film was (thankfully) crafted as the "anti-prequel." Don't believe the chorus of entitled nerds who set their own unrealistic personal expectations for the film and got mad when the film wasn't the perfect fulfillment of those demands. The film has been widely praised by professional critics as one of the best films of 2015. Abrams has brought Star Wars back, and has left Star Wars fans hungry for more!..............Ten X- ) I was lucky enough to see The Force Awakens on its release day and I'm glad to say that it was spectacular! The movie was well directed and a genuine Star Wars feel was evident throughout.Throughout the whole 2 and a half hour running time, I was treated to a masterpiece of visual effects as well as well as a compelling and convincing story which introduced the two new lead characters: Rey and Finn. I thought BB-8 was a humorous, cute character and can't wait to see more of him in the upcoming films. JJ Abrams did an amazing job creating easily the best film of the year.Out of all the Star Wars films, this is definitely the second best in the franchise (just BARELY behind The Empire Strikes Back) This movie is amazing, entertaining, and well crafted as a film in generalThe film is incredibly exciting with humor, action, references and a beautifully written plot. This movie will blow you away, as both a Star Wars fan and a movie fan. If you actually like Star Wars you will love this film, end of story.It is safe to say that J.J Abrams has fulfilled his mission in bringing back Star Wars to its former glory! Cannot wait for Episode 9!Rating: 10 out of 10 Before watching The Force Awakens, I was slightly skeptical. However, I can safely say I am now a HUGE fan of the Star Wars universe!The Force Awakens stands as a rock-solid foundation of a promising trilogy, which will easily surpass the original trilogy if this incredibly high standard of film making is carried forward.Clearly J.J. Abrams enjoyed every minute of work when directing this movie, and he expresses his love for the Star Wars franchise extremely well by respecting the original material and cleverly linking the trilogies and simultaneously building new, strong characters who rival even the classics such as Han or Luke. Overall, I would say that TFA is a must-see movie, not only for fans of the Star Wars franchise, but for anyone who has access to a television screen. J.J Abrams does an absolutely masterful job at showing his love and passion for Star Wars, and the finished products (Yay Episode 9!!!!) will all go down in history as some of the greatest films of any trilogy in history. This is a great movie. It's also an extremely popular and mainstream movie, and therefore is going to bring out raging nerds that will needlessly nitpick it to death in an attempt to look smart or edgy. There are legitimate criticisms you can hurl at this or any movie, but people that give it a 1 or 2 out of 10 shouldn't be taken remotely seriously, as they are completely ignoring what the movie did right, and putting a magnifying glass over the irrelevant level of minor flaws included. Normal Star Wars fans will find a lot to like hear. Great set pieces/locations, excellent costume design, flawed and relatable characters, hilarious banter/quips, dramatic and complex relationships, and a ton of space adventure fun!It's the best Star Wars film since Empire, hands down. Don't let the shrill minority fool you, Star Wars The Force Awakens is one of the greatest films ever set in a galaxy far, far away. J.J. Abrams and Lawrence Kasdan have accomplished what I thought to be impossible: they have resurrected the Star Wars franchise with more life and vigor than ever. From a beautiful story to crackling dialogue that doesn't take itself overly serious, this film is brimming with everything we ever loved about Star Wars. The acting is better than we've ever seen it, with our returning cast, specifically Harrison Ford churning out their best performances yet. My favorite part of the film, however, are the new players. All of the young cast, specifically Adam Driver and Daisy Ridley stun in their respective roles. This film plays as a love letter to fans, and while it's impossible to please everyone in the internet age, as a man who loved the original trilogy long before the prequels, I can assure you that if you consider yourself a real Star Wars fan, you will fall in love with this film. I implore you to see it multiple times. It's gotten better every single time. It's now tied with Empire as my favorite Star Wars film. This film will stand the test of time for generations to come. Thank you J.J. and Kasdan for this gem of a trilogy kickoff! I don't need to pathetically hyper analyze it to love it. It was brilliant from start to finish. Unlike the godawful Lord of the Rings films, which are completely unwatchable. I really loved the movie, can't wait to watch it again. I wasn't sure what JJ Abrams would do with the film but he has been unbelievably great for the franchise. It gets really emotional at times and is just an absolute pleasure to watch. It felt like it was 1980 again. It's great to see this franchise resurrected and it was a beautifully natural continuation that delivered in spades! #TYJJ Words cannot describe the perfection that is this film. JJ Abrams did a fantastic job, better than anything Lucas could do/ever has done. Solid cast, action, effects, everything. Go see this film, even if you're not a Star Wars fan, because you will become one. I'll definitely be seeing this multiple times, and I cannot wait to see the future of Star Wars in Episodes 8, 9 and the spin off movies. And thankfully, there isn't any Jar Jar Binks or young Anakin Skywalker. Instead we have interesting, diverse and excellently played characters. What a film.5/5 stars, 10/10, Best movie of 2015, Best Star Wars movie....by far : ) I purposely waited 24 hours before writing my review because I wanted to digest the film that long to truly take it in and reflect before I actually reviewed it. I wanted the euphoria of seeing the next chapter of the saga on the big screen to subside some so that I can make an objective review, but alas the euphoria has not subsided and the childlike excitement is still at an 11! This is plain and simply a great Star Wars film! In fact, I feel it is the second best offering of the franchise (behind 'The Empire Strikes Back'). From the opening crawl to the epic and somewhat moving final scene the movie kept you on the edge of your seat. Even now, 24 hours later, I'm still left in awe of what Abrams has done. He has ignited a passion in me that has lied dormant for a decade thanks to the dreadful prequel trilogy. After Episode III I vowed never to see another George Lucas Star Wars film ever again. The prequels were cheesy (and not in a good way) and lacked imagination. They borrowed heavily from the expanded universe (which flies in the face of his original assertion that he had planned out the prequels before Episode IV was even made) and spat in the face of Star Wars fans everywhere. Lucas is now (thankfully) out of the picture and in steps admitted Star Wars fan J.J. Abrams who is quickly establishing himself as this generations Steven Spielberg. Abrams intention was to reignite the franchise and call upon his own boyhood wonderment when seeing the original trilogy for the first time and try to recreate that with the sequel by meshing old and new to weave a new chapter in the saga. What Abrams has done so well here is he's managed to keep the older cast members relevant while also creating new characters who feel like they've always been part of the story. He's been able to expertly bridge the generation gap and bond the older cast members with the new ones to create a cohesive story that is not only enjoyable to watch, but really FEELS like a Star Wars film from the epic battle scenes, music, costumes, sets - every part of the film, even down to the bits and pieces that Rey scavenges oozes STAR WARS and it is fantastic. I won't delve into the plot for fear of spoiling it, but the film obviously revolves around a core of new characters in the Star Wars Universe - Rey, a young scavenger who lives on the desert planet of Jakku, Finn a former Stormtrooper who is desperate to escape the clutches of The First Order, Poe Dameron the top fighter pilot of the Resistance and his trusty droid BB-8, and Kylo Ren, a member of the First Order and a wannabe Sith who acts as the main antagonist of the film. There are other supporting cast including General Hux, a First Order General, Captain Phasma, the leader of the Stormtroopers, Maz Kanata, a pirate and collector of artifacts, and Supreme Leader Snoke who is the leader of the First Order. Several former characters are weaved into the film with Han Solo and Chewbacca seeing the majority of the screen time from that group. The connection between old and new is a constant theme in the film and it is pulled off masterfully. The film is an emotional roller-coaster from beginning to end and is a movie that I will always cherish thanks to it's re- ignition of my love for the franchise. There isn't much more that I can say other than if you are even remotely a fan of the Star Wars Universe you owe it to yourself to see this. Even if you are not, there is a lot to keep you entertained here and you never know, it may turn you into a fan of the franchise if you're not careful, regardless quit reading this and go see it! I have grown up with Star Wars. I was nine when I went to the original. Empire Strikes Back is my favourite film of all time and I don't care what the basement detractors say, I liked the prequels and they get an undeserved bad rap. They're movies, they're entertaining, get over it. The Force Awakens has everything you want in a Star Wars movie. The acting was good, as was the action and special effects. If you're a fan you owe it to yourself to go see it. If you're a hater you probably still will and then spend the rest of your time on the net complaining how George Lucas raped your childhood and JJ is a hack. Don't listen to the pathetic haters, go see it for yourself. You won't be disappointed!10/10 Well, what can I say. First, let me state I'm 42 years old and a massive Star Wars fan. And if there's one reason why this movie is so fantastic, it's that I saw the same wonder and magic in my daughter's eyes that I had when I was a young boy.They did it! They finally managed to bring the Star Wars universe to life. All the bad things from the prequels are gone, all the good parts from the originals are back. It's exciting, funny, spectacular, emotional and everything a Star Wars movie should be. What an achievement from the entire team of director, producers, cast and designers. So many things to love about this. I had been waiting for this for SO long, and god I'm so happy it lived up to my hopes for it.Can't wait to see what's coming! I love Star Wars, especially the original stuff, of course. The Force Awakens stays true to the original trilogy; with the start of the film on a Tatooine-like planet, Jakku, as per usual. It follows the thrilling journey of the brilliant Poe of the Resistance and Finn of past Storm trooper relation, at first, as you are thrown into the blistering excitement. But then there is a twist in the main hero being a girl. It works both simply for a change, but also in that it is pretty much a first in as big a film as Star Wars that the main character is a female. That wouldn't matter, though, if the character wasn't a likable hero, or if the acting wasn't any good. Fortunately, those boxes are ticked, as with every character in the film bar Snoke, who is an example of bad CGI, unfortunately. He doesn't play a very big part, though, and other than him the special effects are fantastic — with the use of more practical effects being a refreshing move from Lucasarts, and one that the film benefits from, as it doesn't look artificial like so many films do nowadays (The Hobbit, Star Wars prequels, Avengers, etc).Along with the great use of practical effects, there are fantastically designed costumes all over the joint, with great designs ranging from the new-look storm troopers to Kylo Ren and his super cool outfit.Going back to character, though, the move from Disney to advertise Finn as the main Jedi was clever, as it meant for the reveal of Rey as the Jedi to be much better than otherwise could have been possible. Finn, though, is a fantastic character, with John Boyega deserving more nominations than he's received for his charismatic performance. One other thing done well with The Force Awakens is the lack of slow story development which so marred the progress of the prequel films, and A New Hope, and also the decision to focus on characters to develop the story other than excess plot development means for better character development and means you actually like the characters, unlike Episodes I, II and III. Moreover, the return of light-heartedness and inclusion of comedy makes it an even more enjoyable watch; however, mixed with darker themes clearly inspired by the best parts of Episode III, there is more violence and concentration on action — with that providing excitement, and the comedy bringing extra enjoyment. Finn personifies the more light- hearted approach along with the brilliant BB8, and Kylo Ren is a fantastic vehicle for the darker side of the film, who I love – even though some people might think he's a bit of a snotty nosed dork. Kylo Ren is probably just as good a villain as Darth Maul in my opinion at least, but he's used much, much better, fortunately. Ah, yes. The Phantom Menace. Let's all remind ourselves of that excellent part of film history. Good for you and me, though, we can forget about that now, because we have the sequel trilogy, which could even be better than the original if they keep on getting things right like they did with this film.One more thing I'm grateful was done right was the score. A mixture of both classic tracks and new ones, it's fantastic in both providing towards all the drama and the overall feel of the film. Because, by using both old tracks and new ones it reminds you of the past (sparking your nostalgia) whilst also bringing something new, which the film does fantastically with every aspect; from the story to the cast to the sets to the action and to the (you guessed it) score. Other than being a tad ridiculous in some plot turns, and lacking quite the same grandness of scale in sets and cast that the original films did – but only just, mind you; it's pretty much perfect in what it has set out to do; providing excitement, enjoyment, drama, action and nostalgia in abundance. Enough for a boy like me to squeal.Verdict:The Force Awakens is the main product of Disney's buy out, and so I'm very happy Disney got involved if it meant this beast of a film was made. It was almost a dream of mine that there would be a sequel trilogy, and it has actually happened, so I was aptly excited. My excitement was repaid emphatically, as when I sat in the cinema fulfilling one of my most anticipated pipe dreams, I was blown away by this surprisingly light-hearted yet violent, action packed and particularly well crafted, yes, beast of a film.So I give it: 94/100. I don't really understand the negative reviews on here. People moaned that the prequels were nothing like the original trilogy and now they are moaning that this is too similar??? LOL Get a life, children!This was an absolutely wonderful movie. Ever since I was 4 years old I've attended star wars openings. And the force awakens was no different. Was it like the old movies? No, of course not. But it was a new take on an ever expanding universe. Everyone on here throwing up 1 or 2 stars are just butthurt. They complain about Disney or JJ Abrams directing it. But the truth is they did a fantastic job revitalizing an old series. It's our jobs as fans to make it the best series possible, so please for the love of god ignore all of these idiots and see the movie. You will not be disappointed! Epic Godzilla Action Movie From Beginning To End.Spectacular Production & Great Scenes Of Dragon Fights.Delightful Film That Will Cheer You Up.Satisfaction Guaranteed. Five years after Godzilla defeated King Ghidorah, Kong is monitored by Monarch within a giant dome on Skull Island. Kong is visited by Jia, the last Iwi native and Kong expert Ilene Andrews' adopted daughter, who is deaf and communicates with Kong via sign language.Bernie Hayes, an employee of Apex Cybernetics and host of a Titan conspiracy theory podcast, extracts data suggesting sinister activities at a Pensacola facility. However, Godzilla suddenly attacks the facility; during the rampage, Bernie stumbles on a massive device. Madison Russell, a fan of Bernie's podcast, enlists her friend Josh to investigate Godzilla's attacks. Apex CEO Walter Simmons recruits Nathan Lind, a Hollow Earth theorist, to guide a search for a power source into the Hollow Earth, the homeworld of the Titans. Nathan is initially hesitant as his brother died on an expedition to Hollow Earth due to a strong reverse-gravitational effect. He agrees after Walter reveals that Apex has developed HEAVs, specialized crafts able to withstand the pressure exerted by the gravity field.Nathan meets with Ilene and convinces her to let Kong guide them through the Hollow Earth via an outpost in Antarctica. Nathan, Ilene, and an Apex team led by Walter's daughter Maia board a modified barge escorted by the U. S. Navy that carries a sedated and restrained Kong. Godzilla attacks the convoy and defeats Kong, but retreats after the ships disable their power and trick him into thinking they are destroyed. To avoid alerting Godzilla, Kong is airlifted to the Hollow Earth entrance, and Jia convinces him to enter the tunnel while the team follows him in the HEAVs.Madison and Josh find Bernie, who joins their investigation. They sneak into the wrecked Apex base, discover a secret facility underground, and are inadvertently locked into an underground monorail transport to an Apex facility in Hong Kong, where they unwittingly stumble on a test of Mechagodzilla. It is telepathically controlled by Ren Serizawa, the son of the late Ishiro Serizawa, through the neural networks from a severed head of Ghidorah, but is hobbled by its power supply's limitations. Walter intends to harness the Hollow Earth's energy to overcome Mechagodzilla's limitations.Inside the Hollow Earth, Kong and the team find an ecosystem similar to Skull Island. They discover his species' ancestral throne room, where they find remains of an ancient war with Godzilla's kind and a glowing axe made from another Godzilla's dorsal plates. As they find the power source, the Apex team sends its signature back to their Hong Kong base despite Ilene's protests. Attracted by Mechagodzilla's activation, Godzilla arrives in Hong Kong, and sensing Kong, he directly drills a shaft to the throne room with his atomic breath. In the ensuing mayhem, Maia and the Apex team attempt to escape but their HEAV is crushed by Kong. Kong, Ilene, Jia, and Nathan ascend to Hong Kong, where Godzilla and Kong battle. Godzilla is initially overpowered by Kong, but Godzilla emerges victorious while Kong loses consciousness.Madison, Josh, and Bernie are caught by security and taken to Walter. Despite Ren's concerns over the power source's volatility, Walter orders him to activate Mechagodzilla. They lose control of Mechagodzilla, who kills Walter and electrocutes Ren, and then attacks Hong Kong. Godzilla and Mechagodzilla battle, but Godzilla is overwhelmed. Nathan revives Kong by destroying the HEAV, and Jia convinces him to help Godzilla. As Mechagodzilla overpowers both Titans, Josh short-circuits Mechagodzilla's controls with Bernie's flask of liquor, momentarily interrupting the mech. Godzilla supercharges Kong's axe with his atomic breath, allowing Kong to destroy Mechagodzilla. Madison, Bernie, and Josh reunite with Mark Russell, while Godzilla and Kong acknowledge each other before the two go their separate ways. Sometime later, Monarch has established an observation post in the Hollow Earth, where Kong now rules. Who cares about the plot? What we really want to see is the battle of the Titans and this movie delivered. Some stories don't need to be complex, this is one of them. As a fan of the old Godzilla and Kong movies, this was a goodie. Just buckle up and enjoy the ride! Enjoyed the movie, reminded me of the old movies, just with better effects. Take it for what it is. Action packed.Attention grabbing.Astonishing imagery.It is what it's suppose to be. I will open this review saying that 1. I'm biased, as I'm a lifelong Godzilla fan and 2. I actually knew spoilers FAR ahead of time for this movie.That being said, I thought this film ruled. It's by far my favorite movie in the Monsterverse, if not flat out my favorite movie period. The CGI and sound design for this film are phenomenal, there wasn't a single scene where I though "yeah, that CGI could use some touchups." Both monsters look incredible and are done absolute justice here. To make this more readable, I've split this review into parts.Kong:
Kong is most certainly the main character of the movie. The film starts with him, and once he's with Team Kong, there isn't really a scene that he's not in. It's absurd the amount of detail that goes into Kong's facial expressions. His reactions are honestly a highlight of the movie, I actively noticed myself searching his face to see what he was thinking. Kong is also most definitely the heart of the film, as even with myself being a Godzilla fan, I cared immensely for Kong and was emotionally with him for the ups and downs. Whether you are a fan of him or not, this film will have you loving Monke by the end.Godzilla:
While not having anywhere near the screentime as Kong, Godzilla still ruled this movie for me (bias obviously in play). His opening sequence screams classic Godzilla, and the way he looks and fights in this movie are absolutely brutal. This movie nailed giving Godzilla this foreboding atmosphere, anytime he's on screen it spells doom. I also have to say that he essentially stole the show at all the set pieces he was apart of.Humans:
Colored me surprised, but I actually didn't dislike the human characters in this movie. I went in fully expecting the character levels we got in King of the Monsters, but I genuinely cannot say that I hated anyone in this movie. Does that mean that they're incredibly fleshed out characters with Godfather levels of dialogue. Absolutely not, but where the last film had a lot of family drama, this one has a lot of humor and heart. The two main standouts to me are Tyree's character and Jia, which I think works as they're essentially the most important character for their respective team.Ending thoughts:
I was going to write more for this, but I decided to leave the review as a spoiler free one. Like I said, I loved this movie, it has a lot of action and seriously fast pace (both of which are a big thumbs up for me). If you're a fan of either of these characters, or even just looking for a fun time, this film is definitely worth a watch. Waited hella long for this movie to come out and it did not disappoint! Enjoyed the big monster fights, storyline was good, and ending felt satisfying. Watch with on a big screen and great sound speakers, if you can. FYI...no extra scene after the movie ends. OK, so maybe I am biased as have always been avid Godzilla fan but this movie was everything I expected. CGI and sound was amazing but would have been nice to hear some of the original Godzilla theme. Cannot fault this movie as it had the perfect ending and walked away with a huge smile on my face. Only downside is the time I have to wait to see it again. GODzilla Vs KINGkong . It's a feast to eyes for action lovers . It's the movie all the fans of Godzilla & King kong are waiting for . The script , direction and visual effects are done wonderfully . There is not even one dull moment in the film , unlike previous two Godzilla movies . There are some goosebumps moments which makes people scream . Millie brown , Brian , Julian made some funny moments .
This movie being released first in India , one week before USA release Is a smart move . Result of which most of the people in India can watch this epic in theaters . This is not a movie to be watched in OTT or pirated print or DVD . Experience this epic in
nearest theatres , take all precautions of covid . THIS MOVIE IS REALLY GOOD AND AMAZING. The visuals and fighting of the movie are so well done and beautiful. Hopefully Legendary makes more Godzilla and Kong movies, I would love for them to continue. Contain spoiler!!!!!I watched this movie on theater, this kind of movie only work to watch on theater not home, because we need to hear the sound fx and soundtrack to feels the amazing titan clash feels real.Sound fx is amazing and the cgi is awesome!Godzilla looks so scary here because he's hunting the apex predator, and kong looks so innocent and helpless but still brave af, im team godzilla but also feels sad when kong defeated.The story feels rushed , and kinda disappointed the other monster from the previous movie isn't showing up again , the mecha godzilla is crazy. Its menacing and his power lv is beyond godzilla. He can't be defeated with only brute strength, you need brain. And there's the reason kong is in the battle, with the weapon and help from godzilla he can defeat that crazy mecha godzilla.Sadly no clue for the continuity of the monsterverse.I hope its still continue . Is was a really good film they could have made the fight seen a lil longer though but overall its amazing. As and avid fan of the all the original Japanese films, I absolutely loved this film. It finally finds that proper Godzilla feel. People seem to love complaining about the nonsensical convoluted plot to this film, but personally I found the absurdity to be right in line with a Godzilla movie. To all those complaining, I have to assume they just don't understand how truly off the rails and wacky Godzilla really is. This film went entirely in the right direction by building this universe into something more fantasy driven and opening up the door to have future stories become much more bizarre and cosmic, aliens are coming, I can feel it. I was growing tired of the overly serious plot lines of the previous movies, constantly trying to force humans to be the main characters in stories that just completely get in the way and offer nothing of interest. Godzilla Vs. Kong on the other hand finally introduces personality to the kaiju. In all the previous movies everything was constantly from the perspective of these painfully boring stories of the humans, leaving the kaiju feeling like nothing more then generic monsters, with subtle implications that Godzilla may be more sentient then a mere force of destruction but never actually making godzilla a character. It's like watching a Thor movie from the perspective of a random group of asgardians chasing after some mcguffin while thor is in the background fighting. Finally this movie starts to break the logic of humans being the important part, the kaiju are the main characters here, the humans are the side plot, and THAT is what it's meant to be. I go into a Godzilla movie expecting to see larger then life monster beat the crap out of each other and smash stuff while the humans do some nonsensical science stuff to help a monster save the day from another monster, and this movie fully in all ways delivers on that. First talk about CGI.It's looks amazing especially when hollow world scenes came in. Beautiful visuals
GODZILLA:
Godzilla looks so terrifying. I got goosebumps every time i see Godzilla
KONG:
Kong get bigger in this. There is some emotional scenes with kong. And you know what. Kong got his WEAPON 😯 I LIKE IT
MUSIC:
Music is so on point. Has some jump scare 😆 One of the best movies of the year.. better story line than the past 2 Godzilla movies, and keeps you interested the whole way through. Having learned from the first two movies, this one nixed the human emotion and gave us what we wanted; two giant titans duking it out. The human element is a much needed pause in between the fighting, but they don't pretend to have an emotional story here. You don't want that. You want to watch Godzilla bite Kong's fist!The real emotion comes from the bond between human characters and titans, similar to the bond between Godzilla and Serizawa in KOTM.This movie is the equivalent to downing 10 bottles of Gatorade and then running from a wild cheetah. Adrenaline bonanza! "Well this is way my expectation, Godzilla vs. Kong is a movie that of course we expect to be another big fight that most of film do but they always end it with unsatisfying end, but this one is not, this is not only a fight but this is a blast!, finally they fix one thing that very impotant for a monster movie and that was lessing the human part and added more monster part so me as an audience doesn't bored at all, all of the perfomance was good, the cinematography, the music is extremely jarring and i love it, the model is perfect for all the monster especially Godzilla, Godzilla model from the first one always impressed me, Kong in here is a little bit different from the other one, in here Kong is a little bit friendly i can say but he is still the same Kong like the other one when he was fighting and even stronger, the final battle was totally incredible, i really enjoyed it, it was a really solid fight between this two king, just don't missed it, i really recommend watching this in theater because believe me is totally different experience when you watch this on the big screen with great sound than a little speaker or a headset, Overall Godzilla Vs. Kong was totally a blast!, i highly recommended" I love this movie Aweosome acting and love this movie this is one of my favourite movie and believe you will also love it.Love and peace Very good movie..just like the trailer..awesome movie with awesome story and awesome fights..it contains all things for a great movie. Awesome story and epic fights to see, with good coreography.Hope we can see more of Monster Verse! Holy crap this is what I wanted for a Godzilla film in years! This movie is so epic, entertaining, and heartwarming. Kong and the girl is sweet and cute, Godzilla is a complete badass, and also Mechagodzilla is just plain intimidating. Had high expectations for this film and man did it delivered. I hope the monsterverse keeps going after this one, I'm such a big Godzilla fan. Both Warner Bros. And us viewers seem to be on a roll. They already delivered the year's one of the most awaited (and longest) action blockbusters with Zack Snyder's Justice League, and have now delivered another eye-popping, heart-stopping, jaw-dropping action blockbuster, Godzilla vs. Kong. It's no spoiler that the film centers on the epic clash between the two eponymous giant creatures, and the result is a massively entertaining film which reminds us why cinema going used to be such a pleasant experience in the pre-COVID times.It has decent human characters as well, and they don't feel overshadowed or eat up the entire plot either. Plus, the visuals in this film are so incredibly gorgeous that you can literally pause at any moment to get a magical, otherworldly, surreal wallpaper. The pacing is also a major plus, as the film moves pretty quick and keeps the action coming, with destruction scenes looking as epic as they can. Director Adam Wingard has done a fabulous job with this film, and has managed to deliver what fans of escapist cinema really desire from their movies.The action is intense and the film's big draw, especially the final battle where I was left breathless and could easily imagine crowds of viewers cheering in cinemas at certain moments. The background score accompanying most of the sequences is good, and the visual effects are fantastic. All this makes me want to watch it once again and buy a Blu-ray copy when it becomes available in the future. Even without seeing the 2014 and 2019 Godzilla as well as the 2005 King Kong, I was able to understand the plot and enjoy it without being bored for even a second.Although the story is as simple as it can get, Godzilla vs Kong's success in captivating you with its all-out action spectacle is a reminder that cinema is first and foremost an escapist experience, and films that do this notion justice are lapped up more easily by majority of the viewers. No doubt this film too has passed the test with flying colors and has satisfied many fans craving this kind of popcorn-friendly fun. I now need to get back to see the previous films involving the two iconic characters, given that this one's watched and we're possibly not getting another like this for a long time. This is the best monsterverse movie in my opinion, movies specially made for monsterverse fan and if you are a fan of kong you will surely enjoy the movie from start to end, kong presence made every negatives in the movie forgettable, first half of the movie is lacking but after the end you will be fully satisfied, dont care about what critics saying and if you are a fan you will surely love the movie. Brilliant movie, honestly I loved it. 10 out of 10 for me. So many cynics on here who just can't appreciate a great action flick!! They all seem to think they have some expert knowledge on these two mythical giants!! Just appreciate the amazing CGI and fight sequences and stop trying to dissect a movie that provides some brilliant rounds of action!! I've grown up watching Kong and Godzilla from the 80's and you simply have to appreciate the cinematography/CGI and choreography of the battles between these two TITANS because it's in this era films like this can truly be appreciated with the technology available today, this film would have been so much more epic on the big screen or even IMAX just purely down to the scale of the main characters, highly recommended for families to watch.. :) a big thumbs up from me 👍🏽 For film fanatics like myself, Blade Runner 2049 is a great film for people to see, regardless if they've witnessed the original or not. On the other hand, if you've never seen the original Blade Runner and are just a casual moviegoer that have thought of the promotion for this film as being an action-packed thrill ride, then I'd have to warn to stay far away from this near three hour motion picture. It's very hard to review this film without getting into specific plot details, but that's exactly what makes this film worth the price of admission alone. For nearly every reason a film fan should be excited about a movie, here is why Blade Runner 2049 is a must see as soon as possible. Before dropping you into this world with Ryan Gosling's character, there is text at the beginning that will fill you in on the history of the events in the past, but even though that information is given to you, your experience just won't be the same without having viewed the first film multiple times and remembering the emotional core of it. Set out on a mission to find something of meaning to the overall story, Ryan Gosling's character (who will remain nameless for the sake of this review) uncovers mysteries and secrets from the past, inevitably involving Rick Deckard. Quite honestly, that's the plot in a nutshell and the specifics of the film will lead to ruining your experience, so let's get technical. If not for anything else, Blade Runner 2049 benefits from some of the best cinematography I've laid my eyes on in years. From the addition of the seamlessly blended visual effects, to the mind- blowing scenery constructed by the entire art department, I have nothing but praise for this film. Whether or not you find yourself enjoying your experience, the visuals alone should have you applauding, due to their incredibly detailed nature. I personally found the overall film to be magnificent, but when certain scenes were dialogue-free and asking you to gasp at the imagery, that's exactly what I was doing, as I feel many audiences members will. Again, without giving anything away, once Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) enters the picture, the way both films sort of interconnect was brilliant in my opinion. It does justice to any loose ends that fans may have wanted in the past, as well as create a new story to gawk at in the process. With a terrifically restrained performance by Ryan Gosling, you'll find yourself sucked into this world as a fly on the wall, as he uncovers these mysteries. With the addition of Harrison Ford giving one of his most sincere and memorable performances, as well as Ana de Armas in a role that really took me by surprise, this film was casted to the nines from beginning to end. Some may complain about Jared Leto and Dave Bautista not being included as much, but I felt as though the served the story quite nicely. In the end, this movie aims to impress Sci-Fi fans across the world, but I feel as though the people who will be looking back on this as a possible classic or at least one of the best sequels ever made, are those who've had the pleasure of indulging in the greatness that is 1982's Blade Runner. I don't say this about films very often, especially when talking about sequels, but I haven't been this immersed in a theatrical experience in quite some time. This is definitely a superior film than the original, it's one of the best films of 2017, and I'll be revisiting it very soon. Blade Runner 2049 is getting a lot of praise and awards consideration from critics and filmgoers across the world, and every bit of it is deserved. Aside from being very long, this is pretty much a perfect film if you don't try to nitpick how it connects and certain questions that aren't blatantly answered. If you know what type of film you're in for, or you've at least seen the original and enjoyed it, I can't recommend this movie enough. Denis Villeneuve, you magnificent world wonder, you did it again!I have seen this film three times in the cinema, in 3D, 2D and 4DX.And one of the things i have noticed with this film, is that it's not the time in the cinema that takes up my time, It's the hours upon hours in between spent thinking about the film, that is the real time consumer. This film left such a deep and profound impact, which i cannot escape. And I've gone back to the cinema twice to be "tortured", but it's worth it.It's a dark, mysterious, grim, hopeless, sad and lonely film, set in a possible near future where the human race is hanging by their fingertips on the edge of doom. So it's quite depressing. But it's so brilliantly put together, the closest master of cinema i think of that has done something similar, is Stanley Kubrick.Many Stanley Kubrick films were also "hated" by many when they first released. "2001: A Space Odyssey" for example, which had gorgeous visuals, but felt flat and hollow for many, even professional reviewers back then. But what Kubrick did best with his films, was to create afterthought. People left the cinema feeling confused and even depressed, but the movies planted a seed which then grew for years. The original Blade Runner also accomplished this. BR2049 is no exception, this movie will without doubt live on to be interpreted, analyzed and discussed for decades to come. The story continues from the original, but stands completely on it's own, it tells a new story that directly interlink with the original, but without trying to be a copy, it's a natural continuation in the same universe. You don't have to see the original Blade Runner first, though i do recommend it, see the final cut.BR2049 has some of the most gorgeous visuals i have ever seen, and the cinematography is out of this world, there is literally no excuse not to give Roger Deakins the Oscar this time. After 13 nominations he has now knocked the ball out of the park and is this year in his own league entirely. It's confusing to look at something so gorgeous, whilst painting a picture of such a sad and lost world. It sort of collides with your senses, your eyes say it's beautiful, your mind say it's depressing. Which senses are you going to believe? What does it mean? At least don't confuse feeling depressed as a sign that this movie is bad, it's nothing wrong feeling depressed, take it in, embrace it. Then you will know how it feels to be a replicant that's trapped in a caged mind.BR2049's story happens 30 years after the original, and there is three short films on Youtube i recommend you watch. These short films describes some of what happened in between 2019 and 2049. Watching them makes it slightly easier to understand some of the things going on. But the underlying theme is the same as it was in the original. What does it mean to be human? What does it mean to have memories? What is a soul? And so on.The world has gone darker in 2049, climate is spinning out of control, almost all animals and plants have died. People are desperate and lost, law enforcement can barely keep anything together, and only a small spark can set of total disaster, which is looming just around every corner. Niander Wallace has taken over Tyrell Corp and has by the time 2049 takes place designed millions of obedient replicants that does exactly what he tells them to do. But there is one thing Wallace has not been able to perfect, and that's what the main story is all about, and Wallace will do anything in his power to get his hands on the "technology", which will result in him becoming many hundred times richer and more powerful, the sole ruler of the entire universe. He is so far gone in his mind by 2049 he actually believes he is god himself, and he calls his replicants angels.And of course he also uses replicants to do his "dirty work". In 2049 we meet his right hand "girl" Luv (Brilliantly played by Sylvia Hoeks, if there is one actor in this movie that steal the show, it's her). Luv is a "handygirl" so to speak, that perform whatever task she is set to do, with no remorse. Or is that entirely true? I can't spoil anything, but look closely at Luv's character arc. All the other actors also do an outstanding job in this film, no bad performances, but i can't talk about all of them due to the word limit in these reviews.Be prepared going to see this film, it's depressing and heavy on your mind, and it demands your full attention. It's one of those rare films who dares to challenge the audience, and by doing so, taking a huge risk, and a 155 million dollar risk at that. The film isn't perfect, but it's close, and it shows the tremendous skills of Denis Villeneuve. And those few mistakes this movie have, are probably just happy little accidents as Rob Ross would have put it. This film is very much like a painting, every stroke of the brush matters, and every little detail is carefully crafted, it takes monumental skills to pull it of.I loved this film, it's the best film I've seen all year, It is a must see, a monumental triumph of a film that's just as good (possibly even better) as the original and one of the best sequels of all time!9.7/10 - MasterpieceAnd BTW Villeneuve's next movie might be Dune, imagine if he brings Deakins and the rest of this team to make that movie. Yeah, I'm going to leave you with that thought. This is basically porn. Let me start by saying that I am a huge Denis Villeneuve fan and absolutely love every movie he made, from his breakthrough drama 'Incendies' to the action thriller 'Sicario'. But when I learned that he was going to make a sequel to Ridley Scott's iconic Blade Runner I had mixed feelings. Would he be able to live up to the expectations and make a sequel that could measure itself with the original? For this reason, I went into the cinema thinking ''This will be a great movie, I am a Villeneuve fan so I have to like it'' but that was a mistake, for once I stopped expecting and just started experiencing the film, I was enchanted by all of its visual beauty. I was wrong to doubt Villeneuve; his 'Blade Runner 2049' even succeeds in transcending in some ways the original masterpiece, especially as a visual experience. The bleak dystopian future Scott so perfectly created is even more beautiful in Villeneuve's 2049, for which a lot of credit has to be given to the brilliant director of photography Roger Deakins, who has made one of his best works (which says a lot). Every shot is brilliant, I loved every single frame and I cannot imagine that he wouldn't get nominated and win an Oscar for this phenomenal work. But also a big thumbs up has to be given to the entire effects team, for Deakins didn't do it all on his own. Deakins isn't the only mastermind at work, for the score is also beautifully done. When I learned that composer Jóhann Jóhannsson (someone who has collaborated multiple times with Villeneuve and did most of the scores for his movies) got fired I was surprised; Jóhannsson has always delivered great work, but according to Villeneuve, his score ''wasn't the right one'' for this movie for it didn't ''resemble Vangelis soundtrack for Blade Runner'' quite enough. So he got replaced by probably the best man in the business nowadays; Hans Zimmer. And as we are used to with the German composer, this was once again sublime and a great homage to the original. Zimmer's 2049 score can be compared to his Dunkirk score, in a way that it unsettles us from the first chord and just as the Second World War movie, it keeps us on the edges of ours seats, especially during the last hour.As for the people who are actually situated in front of the camera, they all play their parts very well. I was especially happy that Ryan Gosling's agent K was indeed the leading man and he did a very good job. I was slightly concerned that it would mostly be about Harrison Ford's Deckard, but luckily that wasn't the case. Nevertheless, Ford gives one of his best performances in years and after all the iconic roles he played once again in recent years (Han Solo, Indiana Jones) this is by far the best. The smaller but important roles are also noteworthy; Robin Wright's Lieutenant Joshi makes a fierce and convincing police chief, while the villain duo Jared Leto's Neander Wallace as the evil head of a corporation at the top of the new world order and his frightening hit-woman Luv (Sylvia Hoeks) are also very impressive. Last but not least, Ana de Armas is also very good as Joi, K's girlfriend (even if she does remind me a lot of Scarlet Johansson in 'Her' and slightly of Alicia Vikander in 'Ex Machina', but maybe that's something Villeneuve did that on purpose and wanted to pay homage to these recent but also very good science-fiction movies).That said, Villeneuve will receive most of the credit, as he should. For unlike most of Hollywood's blockbusters nowadays, he doesn't simply deliver us a spectacle with some nice effects or a reboot of the original, but he picks up the threads where Scott left, which was a monumental task, for the original 'Blade Runner' is one of the most impressive and iconic movies ever made. 2049 continues on the same topics raised by the original, making the sequel worth the 35-year long wait; it goes further with what was proposed in the first installment, enriching one another. It is possible that one day a third installment could be made, but that is only if any director will ever find the courage to make another 'Blade Runner', for the bar is raised incredibly high. I believe that in time, 'Blade Runner 2049' will just as the original one, grow into a cult movie, and rightfully so, for it is its own movie, but, just as the original, a visually remarkable, achingly human sci-fi masterpiece. I am not going to say more about it, because the studio has been unusually insistent in its pleas to critics and the first movie viewers not to reveal any plot points, but I am glad they did. Even if I could go on and on about the movie and the difference between replicants and humans (or is there really much of a difference, after all?) the less you know the better, because 2049 feels at its best when it surprises (which is one of Villeneuve's greatest strengths). This is a movie best experienced on the biggest screen in your cinema; trust me, it will be worth your while. As for me, I will most likely try and make some free time in my schedule for the coming days, 'cause I want to go the cinema again, guess what I'm gonna watch... Blade Runner 2049 is the sequel to the 1982 sci-fi classic Blade Runner. Directed by Denis Villeneuve (Arrival, Sicario) and once again based on Philip K. Dick's novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?, it successfully recaptures just about everything excellent about the original and is a superb sequel to one of the greatest and most important science fiction films of all time.Thirty years after the events of the first film, LAPD Officer K (Ryan Gosling) works as a Blade Runner, retiring old rogue replicants (artificial humans) hiding out around the Los Angeles area. One day while on a job, K discovers a long buried secret in the yard of a replicant which leads him on a journey to track down former Blade Runner Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford), who has been missing for decades.Featuring amazing visuals and some of the most philosophical and thought-provoking themes since the original, Blade Runner 2049 is a masterpiece of science fiction and is possibly one of the greatest sequels ever made. I was transfixed the entire time, to the point where I felt that even blinking would cause me to miss something I wanted to see. The cast was brilliant as well, especially Ryan Gosling, who does a fantastic job carrying the film as its lead actor. However, perhaps best of all, is that seeing the original is not a requirement to fully understand everything that is going on, although it would probably still help to have done so beforehand. I'm almost certain that author Philip K. Dick would be proud of this film. I know I am.I rate it a very high 9.5/10 I am going to offend when I write how the original Blade Runner left me disappointed. By the end, there were too many unanswered questions for me not to feel anything but jaded. Blade Runner 2049 on the other hand, left me riveted. Ryan Gosling is not exactly synonymous with action films, though from the opening scene, he proves himself to be a powerful, heroic figure. Unlike the original, which toyed with the idea that Deckard was a replicant, 2049 adamantly admits to K's (Gosling) status almost immediately. Though I could criticise Blade Runner 2049 for its anti-climatic finish, it does three things brilliantly. First, the film answers the burning questions the original refused to dignify. Secondly, the film captures the essence of the original's universe. The world feels lived in; where technology and the metal skeletons of architecture blend; where clear demographics and political allegiances exist, an 'us versus them' feel emerging that mirrors the world we live in today. Thirdly, the film immerses the viewer instantly with not just the mystery of its story, but with its score. The sound is thunderous and impactful, exploding across the screen with tremendous effect, while the raw, visceral musical score accompanies this perfectly, serenading us with themes that don't just resemble, in part, the original, but a unique cyber punk style too.The effects are phenomenal, from the fluctuating holographic interfaces, to the flying cars; from the impressive explosions to the dystopian backwaters which surround the spurring metropolis; the effects satisfyingly developing an imperfect future. Although the effects are a necessity in Blade Runner 2049, never does the feature become over-reliant on them, the film's leads been the driving force of this cinematic achievement.The film's introduction sees K completing his manhunt of Sapper Morton (Dave Bautista), an older model replicant, who has found some semblance of peace. K however finds himself caught up in an even bigger investigation, the ramifications of which could be dire, his lieutenant, Joshi (portrayed effectively by Robin Wright), spurring her infallible asset on. It is here we are introduced to Jared Leto's Niander Wallace, the mastermind behind the new generation replicants. Despite been in only a few scenes, his calculated malice sends cold tones throughout the feature, and is further delivered upon by his assistant, Luv (Sylvia Hoecks), whose lack of decency for human life is frighteningly human.Much like the original, Blade Runner 2049 questions what makes us human, and why in the future we would attempt to differentiate ourselves from our creation, when they begin to adopt our traits. Though Gosling's K appears robotic in his movements at times, in his relationships, especially that with virtual intelligence Joi (the lovely Ana De Armas), we witness how human he truly is, their romance been as inventive as it is beautiful. The film takes itself very seriously when demonstrating the poignancy of machines sharing a connection, though the themes of slavery and child-labour, despite still been major topics today, are only briefly discussed.Acting greats like the always entertaining Lenny James, Hiam Abbas, and Edward James Olmos (reprising his role from the original) briefly appear, and despite portraying characters with barely enough screen time to be truly appreciated, their performances nonetheless propel the narrative forward. Furthermore, though Harrison Ford receives second billing, it is not until much later into the film that we are blessed by his on screen presence, his version of Deckard retaining the old 'shoot first ask questions later' routine of his character, yet being deeply melancholic and sympathetic. Blade Runner 2049 is at its core, a futuristic romance, about the importance of freedom, sacrifice and family; a film that gives me hope for the future of Hollywood. This feature is possibly the best film I have seen this year, Denis Vileneuve again proving himself to be an outstanding director. From an original 1982 theatrical showing to a Beta videotape, to a standard laserdisc, to a deluxe Criterion letterbox laserdisc, to a DVD, to a high-definition blu-ray, Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" has been viewed countless times in the original voice-over version, the European cut, the director's cut, and the final cut over the 35 years that followed its release. All those memories have not been lost in time, like tears in rain, but rather are indelible images from one of the greatest science fiction films. Thus, any thought of a sequel evokes mixed emotions. Despite the involvement of Ridley Scott, the results could be another disaster like "More American Graffiti," or an undistinguished but palatable followup like "2010," or a companion masterpiece like "The Godfather Part II." Fortunately, "Blade Runner" cultists can breathe a sigh of relief; while "Blade Runner 2049" may fall short of the unqualified masterpiece status of "The Godfather" sequel, at least on an initial viewing, the film enhances and builds upon, rather than diminishes, the original; however, only time will determine if "BR2049" will enjoy the same repeatability as the first film and join it as a timeless classic.Fresh from his outstanding work on "Arrival," director Denis Villeneuve helmed "BR2049" with a steady hand and attention to detail, which were likely guided or inspired by Ridley Scott. Set thirty years ahead of the original film, Roger Deakins's career-best cinematography captures a future that is colder and bleaker than that portrayed by Jordan Cronenweth's original work, which has a warmer tone. However, Deakins's cooler hues are appropriate for 2049 Los Angeles, where snow has replaced rain and holographs rule rather than neon. Warm or cool, the atmospherics in both films are equally dazzling. The aurals are as captivating as the visuals; the haunting music by Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch evokes the original Vangelis score without plagiarizing.The casting is also superb with Ryan Gosling spot on as K, the blade runner whose job, like Deckard's in the original film, is to retire renegade replicants. While the role may lack showy moments for an actor, Gosling's tall lean figure and enigmatic face create an image possibly more enduring than that of Harrison Ford in the original. Both Ford as an aging Rick Deckard and Edward James Olmos as a retired Gaff return to link the sequel to the first film. Among the newcomers, Robin Wright is well cast as Gosling's deadly serious, deathly pale Lieutenant Joshi of the LAPD. Ford and Olmos are not the only returnees, an origami figure and a small wood carving wordlessly connect the two Blade Runner films, and implanted memories, flying cars, outsized advertising, and transparent plastic raincoats also have encores."Blade Runner" cultists are best served seeing the sequel knowing little; the story unfolds as a policeman sent in pursuit of a mystery that expands upon threads in the original movie. Tthe film's length is arguably excessive, especially for those unfamiliar with the original, and "Blade Runner" novices may be left behind by a leisurely narrative that prizes visuals above action. However, "Blade Runner 2049" is that rarity of movie sequels, a film that enhances and elevates the original, yet stands on its own as a masterful film. The passage of time will determine if "Blade Runner 2049" and "Blade Runner" become the inseparably coupled films that "The Godfather" and "The Godfather Part II" have become, but all the elements are in place. At time of writing, Blade Runner 2049 looks like it might underwhelm at the box office. There are probably a few reasons for that: the R rating obviously keeps children and young people, and families away; a demographic in the 18-25 range is probably pretty unfamiliar with the original movie; and its 2 hr 43 min running time probably feeling taxing to a number of contemporary moviegoers who are used to an hour and a half.However, here are my responses to each of these points:  this is the kind of "thoughtful couples/date type movie" for when your kids are at their grandparents or babysitters; or it would make a great works night out to watch this if you're unfamiliar because you're pretty young with the classic original Blade Runner movie, you're admitting to missing out on a classic piece of cinema that you need to watch (up there with the original Star Wars; the Godfather; the Shawshank Redemption etc.) So do yourself a favour, and rent or buy it now, rather than watch the latest average to shoddy Maze Runner sequel;  if you're put off by a film's running time, then do you really have a love of cinema at its fullest and finest?Very important the last bit, because in my opinion, this is arguably the best sci-fi sequel since Terminator 2, way back in 1991. It respects, builds on and pays homage to the original film, without being constrained by it, whilst making us look again at the original film with a new eye. Without giving away any notable spoilers, the story continues and advances the conflict of replicants pitted against humans. Whether the divide between the two parties may be coming closer to an end is illustrated in a creative and thought provoking plot development (involving the characters of the original film), which I genuinely didn't expect. The characters here are fleshed out, conflicted, and portrayed as complex and realistic, give how Earth has so tragically ended up in the environment this franchise creates. Whilst most actors here give a sterling performance, with few off notes, I'm happy to note that in a film which needed him to carry the weight of the narrative and mythos, Ryan Gosling (not my favourite actor) is outstanding in an understated, often subtle performance that marks as one of the finest of his career. I'd also probably give Robin Wright credit for her turn as the prejudiced, conflicted and brutal Lt. Joshi; Harrison Ford (who plays a latter act part, but is nevertheless a key role) gives his best performance for a character in years as a now wizened Deckard. It's interesting that, compared to the pre advertising buildup of him, Jared Leto doesn't get as much screen time as you might expect – although he's competent in what time he does have.Of course Blade Runner stories are hugely about visuals: whilst much has been said for cinematographer Roger Deakins being Oscar nominated for this (he should be), the visual effects team really have done sterling work overall. The visual look is stunning and seamless – an understandable, logical and beautiful progression from the universe of the first film, that makes me hugely excited to own this at home on Blu Ray. It's one of the few films I would recommend seeing in 3D: the effect of it is subtle and not garish as can be in 3D, and it nicely enhances certain scenes, rather than distracts from them.So any quibbles at all? Thankfully, only a few: a brief cameo from a very well loved and intriguing character of the first film is sadly all we get from that character. The score is satisfactory, and services the visuals and plot well, but it can't really come close to the classic Vangelis original. In my mind, the only person who should have really been approached for this sequel is Vangelis himself, but maybe he turned it down. We don't know. The film also ends on an intriguing cliffhanger – one which is dependent on certain characters being available and happy in future to film a subsequent sequel. I'd have probably preferred the ending to be one that could make the film a stand-alone film, like the original, whilst allowing for the possibility of sequels.Still, these are minor quibbles overall. Hopefully it will make enough through box office receipts and home video and TV (remember, it's the latter two that led Blade Runner to become a cult hit over time, rather than the original box office receipts) to make a Villeneuve led sequel. If not him, the only other two people I can ever imagine doing that sequel might be Christopher Nolan or Ridley Scott. However, let this man at it again, he'd done a fantastic job here.In summary: a brilliant achievement, which hopefully opens the doorway for another film to make what might hopefully then be the best sci- fi trilogy in history – aping the Lord Of The Rings trilogy for fantasy, and the Dark Knight trilogy for the superhero comic book genre. If this gets ignored by the Oscars for the usual costume dramas, biopics, and rote drama films, there should be hell to pay. Beautiful image, very good acting, good story with powerful symbolism and bad music. That sums up the movie. For excessive verbosity and self-important attitude you can read other reviews below. Stayed true to the original in many ways and that's important for fans of the original BR. Remember that the original BR had a pretty cold reception in the early 80s. Who knows how this one will be perceived a decade from now. And yes, I do miss Vangelis; the movie really came to life when they played pieces of his original music. Zimmer just didn't seem to understand the project.Those who complain that the movie is long and slow clearly have the attention span of a 5-year-old and should probably stick to Fast & Furious.Blade Runner 2049 could have been more but it could have been a lot less too. Thankfully enough it wasn't. I'm not ecstatic, but not disappointed at all and I realize that my expectations have been incredibly high. I will go see it a second time for sure.EDIT Oct 13 after seeing the movie a second time (in 3D). I'd like to upgrade my rating from 8 to 10 if y'all don't mind. Blade Runner 2049 is a 150-million-dollar gift to a small but dedicated fan group of the original movie. Thank you for that gift. I don't think there's any sequel in the history of cinema that stays true to the original to the point where even the tiniest details - noticeable only by hardcore fans who've watched BR 1982 thirty times - are being transplanted into this new film. And, no, BR 2049 did not make Blade Runner mainstream as some complain here. On the contrary, it kept its secrets open only to the same group of initiates, with the possibility of others from the younger generation to join, if they have what it takes. As many of the reviews below testify this movie still remains a mystery to most people out there, whose ability to digest abstract ideas is unfortunately very low. This is an amazing piece of work. It has incredible artistry. As a visual exercise, it is breathtaking. I thought the original was way ahead of its time in creating a milieu, a dystopian world, full of disease and commercialism. Given the wonders of modern times, the world where this takes place is nonpareil. Ryan Gosling is out to eliminate the old replicants because there is a secret which needs to kept. The hierarchy is doing what it can to keep a world event from eliminating the awful world they have created. Goslin has memories, but they could have been implanted in him, so he is continually torn by dealing with details that may or may not be true. He needs to return to the place of his childhood. Harrison Ford reprises his original role of Deckard, now old and living in the ruins of Las Vegas. Evil is in control, but there is hope. The final scenes are incredible and puzzling, but it is a great challenge to the viewer. To be honest with the reader of this review, I had never seen the first Blade Runner however it had been near the top of my "must- watch" science fiction movie list in my head for a very long while now and I decided to watch this movie expecting an exciting sci-fi blockbuster with action-packed car chases rolling in all over the place. Surprisingly this film was not the "good action-packed popcorn fun for the whole family" that I was expecting and the film actually takes the slower, more patient and realistic approach with it's storytelling rather than a lot of car chases and rushed editing. This is a very similar film to the likes of A Fistful Of Dollars because the main character, Ryan Gosling, resembles the personality of Clint Eastwood's character in A Fistful Of Dollars, the musical score carries away the movie like A Fistful Of Dollars, the pacing remains slow however manages successfully to keep our interest like A Fistful Of Dollars and the film carries an incredibly dark, bleak tone much like A Fistful Of Dollars. I'm glad I saw this movie earlier than most people because then I can write a good review for this movie so that more people can consider watching it before the negative remarks start coming in. Before those come in, let me remind you that this movie is pure, bleak, raw and dark science-fiction to the core that goes with the dedication to telling a story rather than the dedication to kill as much people as possible. It goes with the more slow approach which some people may find a bad thing but others like me will find a good thing. But I think something all viewers will respect here in this movie is the intense cinematography that is common in a lot of other Denis Villeneuve movies and the fascinating special effects as well as the subtle performances by Ryan Gosling who understands the character he is playing and doesn't overdo it. Ryan Gosling's character is an interesting one because although he is emotionless and straight- forward we, as the viewers, can detect that there is more to this character and throughout the movie we slowly start to see a bit more of his own self. Blade Runner 2049 focuses mostly on the main character and if you are going to see this movie expecting Harrison Ford to have a lot of screen time that is similar to the length of Ryan Gosling's screen time, you're very wrong because Harrison Ford only plays a minor role in this movie which is, although important, not the main focus of the movie. Even if someone can view this movie as a science-fiction movie, someone can also view this movie as a character piece instead depending on their preference because of how much dedicated focus is on the main character.When the movie was finished and all was done, despite the reasonably long runtime I still felt that the movie should of been even longer. Because I don't like to be sentimental I gave myself thirty seconds and then I got up from my chair and walked out as the credits rolled despite me still being in a very deep emotional zone however I want you to know that the emotional zone was almost impossible to get out of. As I was walking out I still saw a person watching the credits in his chair and I understood that he was also in a very deep emotional state and people usually do that so that they look cool to their friends, but the person I saw really was in an emotional zone - I could tell. I could also tell that I wasn't the only one that enjoyed this movie in the room and I was relieved because I was a bit afraid that people wouldn't like it because of it's more slower approach than other science-fiction movies. I was incredibly glad that someone else understood the style of the movie.I'm not going to spoil any more of the movie but I will leave a last note to say that Blade Runner 2049 is an incredibly dark and intense movie that is probably one of the best science-fiction movies I've seen that has been made in the last five years so it very much is a masterpiece. If a futuristic version of A Fistful Of Dollars sounds bloody good to you, then you'd be killing yourself if you didn't pay this movie a visit at your nearest cinema. In my personal opinion, the film was most definitely a masterpiece and it has me even more excited for seeing the original starring Harrison Ford in the main role. This is my updated review as I feel I did not do the movie justice and I have also increased my score of the movie...
I was one of the lucky ones who got to see an early preview.... And the more that time passes by and the more the story of Blade Runner 2049 sinks in the more the gravity of the story hits me... First of all it really was not what I was expecting... I had watched many trailers and interviews and I feel like I had done quite a successful job in staying away from spoilers.... 
And....
Without spoiling it for anyone else and giving too much away.... Whatever you think you know about the film... well, forget it.... You're way off the mark... 
The best advice I can give though is however dark you think Blade Runner 2049 is.... It's darker than that.... It's much darker than the original... And the original was quite dark.... The cinematography is beautiful... it really is stunning... but the film itself.... did I mention it was dark??.. I think this is amplified (excuse the pun) by the movie's soundtrack... The work of Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch was for me... at times.... malevolent... And perhaps if the music wasn't so dark and hostile the movie itself wouldn't come across like that also... But then what do I know?... That's not to say the music is bad... It was for me.... like I said malevolent.... As for the movie itself... Again without giving too much away.... It's a story of loneliness.... A story of wanting nothing more than to be accepted... It's a story of desperate hope and anguish... Wanting for a better life.... Replicants being more human than humans, being more perfect than humans.... but not being human and wanting nothing more than to be human... even for all the faults the human race has and the perfection of the replicant race... Still the desperate hope and anguish of wanting to be human.... Are you keeping up??... And this whole time living in a dystopian world.... where the future of the human race is a lost cause and Mother Earth has never looked so heartbroken.... 
Speaking of heartbreak... again without spoiling the story... be prepared... the whole story is a story of heartbreak and literally at every turn Ryan Gosling is having his heart broken.... whether that be his relationships with others or his life in general... For me Ryan Gosling has a knack of playing the lonely leading role... and he has done this on a few occasions now.... both in the movies - "Drive" and "Only God Forgives".... which I hope he doesn't end up being typecast in... but saying that... I don't think there is an actor alive today who can play the role of being totally isolated from the rest of the world better than Ryan Gosling.
Blade Runner 2049 did have some nice surprises... which again... I won't spoil... 
In closing.... Ryan Gosling is excellent... It is Harrison Ford's best work for years.... This overall review may sound like I'm being negative about Blade Runner 2049... But I'm not... I'm really not...I should also mention the performances from the female leading acts in the show. Ana de Armas, Robin Wright and Sylvia Hoeks are all very, very good and each and every one of them. Including all the crew should be proud of such a beautiful sequel. As for where it stands next to the original... I never thought I'd hear myself saying this but I think as years pass by it will stand next to the original Blade Runner quite easily.... It's not the same movie as the original but it is as good as the original in its own right...
I think Ryan Gosling said it best in an interview
The film is incredible... it's.... haunting...
With this in mind a few days have passed now and I am still left with a feeling of being haunted by Blade Runner 2049.... 
So much so that I want to see it again and I will go and see it again... and again... and again....
Just like I did the original...
Blade Runner 2049 "is" incredible....
It's...
Haunting First let me just say that I am not going to spoil any of the plot points of this movie as the director has himself insisted not to and I urge the reviewers to come to respect his wish.Now let me just start by saying the original Blade Runner was one of the most influential sci-fi film to be ever made. Some people may not like it as it is very slow paced and deeply philosophical and I respect their opinion but you cannot deny its legacy. As it so happens Blade Runner 2049 might just fall on the same category. Directed by Denis Villeneuve who directed Incedies, Prisoners(another masterpiece), Arrival, Sicario and Enemy has outdone himself. This is seriously his best film to date. Even though this is a sequel to a movie he wasn't involved in whatsoever he has managed to expand its universe extremely elegantly and marked his directorial trademark in it. I won be surprised if he is put in the same bracket as Kubrick, Spielberg, Tarantino, Scorsese, Eastwood in the coming years. Talking about greatness we have director of photography propelled by Roger Deakins who already had his hands on Shawshawnk Redemption, No Country for Old Men, Skyfall, The Big Lebowski and Fargo to just name a few and to think he has never won an Oscar despite being nominated 13 times. Well this is about to change this year or you cannot ever take Academy seriously because I strongly believe this is his best work. The way he uses color palette is quite remarkable to watch and it might just be one of the best looking film to ever exist. Acting wise Harrison Ford gives one of his performance in a long time. You can just feel he loved working on this film(unlike that reboot on 2015). I have always been a fan of Ryan Gosling since Drive(another Neo-Noir masterpiece) and after watching this I am convinced that he is one of the best actor working today. Jared Leto gives a another stellar performance as expected from an Academy winner. Dave Bautista, Robin Wright, Ana de Armas all are impressive with their given role. Another thing that made the original Blade Runner so iconic was the soundtrack. And with this film it is no exception. Though this has Hans Zimmer Benjamin Wallfisch collaborating it feels a individual work like the first one. What else can I say? No praise is enough for what I just witnessed. This is one of those films that will inspire people to be filmmakers, that will make people realize why we go to cinemas and spent our hard earned cash, that will continue to put cinemas as art forms. Just go to the biggest theater possible and witness an piece of modern art put on by extremely visionary and talented people. You will not regret it. 10/10 Blade Runner 2049 is simply one of the best movies I've ever seen. This movies nails every key aspect of filmmaking from the direction, the performances, and the CINEMATOGRAPHY. Roger Deakins outdid himself in this film with some of the best shot in film I've ever seen. Ryan Gosling, as always, is fantastic, as well as Ane de Armas. You expect some to say that this movie was "too boring" or "not enough action" and I guess if you were expecting constant thrills, you could have been disappointed. And yes, this movie is LONG, running at almost 2 hours and 45 minutes, but there isn't a moment in this movie that felt unnecessary. However, this movie is amazing and you should see Blade Runner 2049 without a doubt.Blade Runner 2049 - 10/10 This review of Blade Runner 2049 is spoiler free ***** (5/5) WHEN RIDLEY SCOTT released the first Blade Runner back in 1982 it was unlike anything before it, it was essentially more than just a film with an impressively compelling performance from Harrison Ford, it was immediately noticed as a technological accomplishment filled to the brim with an impressive collection of special effects – the moving holographic billboards were enough to make your eyes pop, the flying cars which now are more of a fantasy than a reality and a combination humans and robots called replicants. It really achieved higher than any other sci-fi before and even after the time – which essentially is why today it goes down as a masterpiece and perhaps the best that cinema has ever been. However when French-Canadian director Denis Villeneuve announced that he was going to do a sequel long time fans were sceptical about it saying that it wouldn't be as good, it would give the predecessor a bad name and won't go down as well.Emphatically now at the long-awaited release of Blade Runner 2049 you can erase your fears as this is by far the best a sci-fi sequel has ever been. We open with Ryan Gosling's Officer KD6-3.7 a Blade Runner for the Los Angeles Police Department who's on a case to bring in any old replicants while on the case he unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos which could destroy everything they have come to know. Set in a world where the Earth is left in anarchy after an event which shook the world and brought the people of the city into fear shattering previous memories everything is left empty seemingly without repair. The film erupts from the opening reel as Villeneuve drags you into the often lonely life of Gosling's policeman who tries everything to repair his life back to the way it was, his character is complex yet cleverly thought out thanks to a script penned by Hampton Fancher and co-writer Michael Green they give his character a simple story but he's emotional too dealing with feelings way beyond his thoughts. And for any of you La La Landers out there Gosling is on top of his game much like Ford's performance in the film's predecessor he's incredible and brings a powerful dynamic to his story and essentially the film would be nothing without him.As an experience it's a must see especially in IMAX – it's loud ominous score quakes around the halls shattering your eardrums from the vibrations, the beautiful giant holographic billboards are enough to make your eyes pop just looking at the colour and the bright city lights and the sci-fi action is riveting and fast paced. Immediately after entering the live futuristic city of Los Angeles it's clear that Villeneuve is right at home here using the same directing techniques he's become accustomed with during Sicario, Prisoners or indeed Arrival using impressive close-ups, stunning long shots and eye-shattering panoramic shots. However at a runtime of 2 hours 43 minutes it's quite a long marathon that you will have to exercise for before stepping into the theatre yet that exercise is worth and is thoroughly paid off.Stylistically it is a Blade Runner film so for long-time fans the environment will be all too familiar and producer Scott who's happy to be back in this territory he makes every collection of images as real as possible bringing Villeneuve's imagination to life it really doesn't get any better than this. Happily when Ford's Rick Deckard comes onto the audience smiles from ear-to-ear. Story wise his character is a bit like Luke Skywalker from Star Wars: The Force Awakens he has been missing for thirty years and there is an extensive search for him. When found, Rick doesn't take to K at first he immediately thinks that K is trying to kill him. Here Ford now 75 years old looks a little worse for wear as if he's been lost aching for a little company which has been missing from his life and he brings this emotion into his character's grief giving him some emotional prowess which thanks to his stunning performance pays off.Happier still, the action is incredible there are only a few action scenes but each one is as brutal as the previous time round – Villeneuve introduces the action scenes as a cinematic thespian adding momentum to the white knuckle punches and a deafening ping from the two characters' blasters which surprisingly look as good as new. The action is relentless, fast-paced and utterly riveting from a wide-eyed opening fight scene with Dave Bautista's Sapper Morton, through electric chase scenes to a brutal final fight scene they are compelling and Villeneuve lets them play their toll painting a shiny gloss to the end credits. What Villeneuve has created in Blade Runner 2049 is an impressive, compelling and brilliant sci-fi sequel that shines with a glossy finish and will still look good with multiple viewings and is an experience that will last for decades to come.VERDICT: An impressive exercise of stunning colour, immersive CG images and incredible techniques Villeneuve's sequel isn't just a movie, it's a technological accomplishment, and is by far this year's best film. It's amazing after repeated viewings the lack of patience or inability moviegoers have to simply follow a plot. The lack of concentration throughout the cinema, the talking throughout and some of the comments I have read is downright disturbing. This movie is high art and some people need it spoon-feed to them. If you're not invested from the get-go, just go home.Blade Runner 2049 is not your typical movie and it was never meant to be. There are no superheroes or giant robots. Explosions are scarce and it's not funny either. It's about emotion and memories and like the original Blade Runner (1982). It poses the same Philip K Dick inspired questions about humanity - what does it mean to be human and are we just the sum of our memories? It now raises questions about artificial intelligence and real love.It is a sequel 35 years in the making to one of the most thoughtful and provocative movies ever. The original movie was a box office flop which later developed a cult following and and has since been hailed a masterpiece. Ridley Scott created a multilayered world which seduces you into a nostalgic like trance for a place which never really existed and a sequel to a film held in such high regard is rarely ever a good idea but Blade Runner 2049 is a rare exception. Think The Godfather Part II, Aliens and Terminator 2: Judgment Day before it.No spoilers. We follow Officer K (Ryan Gosling), a new character and a new breed of Blade Runner on the trail of an old model replicant but what he uncovers along the way is so much bigger and threatens to shift the balance of what is left of humanity.Director Denis Villeneuve (Sicario, Arrival) and his crew have crafted a beautiful looking film which pays homage to the original without trying to copy it at all. The same rain-soaked, neon-lit streets are present in L.A, only the Eco-system is even more shattered. Sustenance is scarce with protein farming a way of life and while there are obvious nods to the first movie 2049 relishes the opportunity to avoid the familiar and takes us outside the city limits.The cast in 2049 is excellent. Ryan Gosling carries the main story with ease, playing his detective character with an ice-cold calm until...Harrison Ford as Rick Deckard, the original Blade Runner delivers a highly emotional and raw performance which I found very surprising. Not because Ford is not capable as an actor but Deckard was played so dryly in the original, especially next to Rutger Hauer's Roy Batty. Clearly time and circumstance have clearly changed him here and it's a refreshing approach.The casting choices of side characters in limited roles such as Dave Bautista, Robin Wright and Ana De Armas in her very unique role were fantastic. Jared Leto gets only a few scenes as villainous creeper Niander Wallace, the corporate tycoon with a god complex but his best 'angel', Luv (Sylvia Hoek) gets plenty and rightfully so because she's excellent.If I I had to choose any negatives from 2049 it would be need to spoon-feed the audience in scenes by adding a small flashback here and there which I thought was unnecessary. The score was clearly not Vangelis who did the first movie and made up so much of the nostalgic atmosphere in it. While good I did miss the sadness, the piano keys and blues of Vangelis for a time but could tell the score was aiming for something different, more urgent, a sense of dread which was probably more appropriate anyway with 2049 being much larger. That's not to say there aren't hints of Vangelis because there most definitely is.It has been 35 years and the need for a sequel can be debated forever. Was it necessary? No. But was it good. Yes, really good. Is it a masterpiece? I would say that it's an extremely satisfying conclusion to Deckard's story and having seen it it's made the original even better.A movie like this does not come around very often. The world needs more movies like Blade Runner, 12 Monkeys, Ex Machina... and Blade Runner 2049. High praise.Best movie of the year! Remembering Ridley's masterpiece from 1982 coming into 2017 as new Blade Runner it had a potential that were in creation for 35 years and it was a magnificent picture that will shame even some of the best movies. Blade Runner 2049 tells a story of LAPD officer that is still picking up old Replicants and comes up to discovery of something greater. Words cant' describe feeling that Blade Runner constantly provides you with as it moves along expanding your understanding of Universe where it's placed. Director Denis Villeneuve (Sicario, Prisoners, Arrival) comes into this project as a refreshment and brings everything that is so special about his work into this movie with so powerful directing and bring's us to the edge. Alongside Roger Deakins as cinematographer with his ability to capture moments in such profound and beautiful way that will blow even hardest critiques away. Combination of them two and amazing screenplay that they were provided with created this new kind of movie that gives us new insight into film making and how good movies can be. From the start of year with such a great Logan that was dramatic enough to move us all but at the same time entertaining and now with this beautiful masterpiece that is Blade Runner 2049, movies started to adapt and evolve into a pictures that can in every moment be viewed as entertaining and imaginary as much as possible but with emotions and drama is just beautiful to watch. Without any doubt you may say that Blade Runner 2049 is the best movie of 2017 so far and there will be much trouble for movies to top this one. K/Joe (Ryan Gosling) was brought to play an amazing role and he gave an incredible performance proving himself to be a leading man that may lead to being one of the great actors of his class. Deckart (Harrison Ford) returned for his role and as usual he showed us that he can't be forgotten. As for music there is always Hans Zimmer with Benjamin Wallfisch that made a wonderful job in creating certain moods inside movie. You may say Blade Runner 2049 continues to be one of the movies that top it's predecessor and just take off into great universe that it may give. 4/4 Los Angeles, 2049. Thirty years have passed since Deckard and Rachael fled the city to make a life of their own. The futuristic cityscapes created by visionary director Ridley Scott were the perfect backdrop for one of the most influential science-fiction films of all time. While the creative team may have changed for Blade Runner 2049, the cityscapes remain for one of the best experiences I've had at the cinema in 2017.When K (Ryan Gosling), a young blade runner, uncovers a long-buried secret that could change the future for both humans and Replicants, he tracks down former blade runner Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) for answers.It's no secret that audiences didn't take to Blade Runner straight away upon its release in 1982, people not seeing the mark the film stamped in the genre of sci-fi or film history until the years after. Several versions of the film and over thirty years later, Denis Villeneuve brings us Blade Runner 2049, a direct sequel and continuation from Scott's final cut of his original film.Villeneuve, who I'd have to describe as a visionary, is one of the most exciting directors working today and he brings his A-game to Blade Runner 2049. It's always risky making a sequel after such a long time, especially for a film as renowned as Blade Runner however, from the very get go, it's clear that this film is being made by someone who is incredibly indebted to and respectful of the original.This is a beautifully crafted film, visually stunning and utterly engrossing in its narrative. I was worried about how they would take the story forward but knowing nothing about the plot and going in blind worked wonders because I was gripped from the opening shot to the very last. The runtime could have been an issue but when the film is of such a high quality, it ultimately flies by and finishes too soon if anything.The work from Roger Deakins on the film's cinematography is nothing short of masterful, surpassing Jordan Cronenweth's work on the original which is no easy task. Deakins has never won the Academy Award and if he doesn't for his work on Blade Runner 2049, I'll lose hope in him ever picking up the award. The music from Vangelis in Blade Runner was mesmerising and while both Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch ensure this film has an impressive soundtrack, it never comes close to topping Vangelis'. Coming to the performances, Blade Runner 2049 features a cast intent on making this as memorable as the original. Ryan Gosling leads the film with an impressive performance where the subtlety of facial expressions are as important as the delivery of lines, leading to arguably Gosling's best performance to date. The returning Harrison Ford is as gruff as you'd expect as a Deckard who's been in hiding for thirty years, his pivotal role in the film surprising yet incredibly worthwhile.The supporting roles, ranging from minor to major, are filled by plenty of capable actors, whether it be Jared Leto's mysterious turn as Niander Wallace or Robin Wright's authoritative showing as Lt. Joshi. The pleasant surprise was Ana de Armas, who I didn't think too much of as an actress prior to this film.Blade Runner 2049 is a heavy dose of pure science fiction that will leave a lasting impression on the genre for sure. With this and Arrival last year, Denis Villeneuve seems to be on a one man mission to make sci-fi great again. I recommend to saw the first one to enjoy more.The thing i love with that movie was the story telling, each time you just understand a key point, something,there is not false suspense seen miles away.this is a too much modern's movie curse when you feel the scenario is poorly edited.Also Everything is build around the theater experience. A pure art. amazing actors, amazing photography and a brilliant use of VFX's and sounds. It's kinda like after the first 3D where the movies are based on the visual, here in Blade Runner it's rock solid and this is the lights, colors and sounds are put in the front.This is why i love movies and this is the main reason to go to the theater. There is a lot of TRIBUTE of the first one and it took both new things and enhance what we saw in the first one. Like the editing process, slow paced. It's really good to take time, i realized i have a lot of souvenir of different shots, witch i usually don't on " traditional " 2 hours movies. And here you don't feel the classic final mass battle, of that kind of long length modern movies. this is just a deeper movie. For me the duration and the pace are well balançed, and rare to see. Also a tribute to the first movie.It is the star wars 7 should have been. i'm not a particular fan of the first Blade Runner from 1982 one because i saw it too young ( but in 2000's ) and i didn't catch the essence of the movie.Well i've been hit at the end of the movie, and that's matter, a perfect ending timing and editing trough all the movie. So huge, so simple and so beautifully. Actually this is my favorite sci fi movie of all time. Blade Runner 2049 - Arrival director Denis Villeneuve creates a lengthy,yet outstanding follow up to Ridley Scott's compelling sci- fi film noir.For those who have either never seen or, for a good while, haven't seen the original 1982 Blade Runner, it would behoove them to watch it and familiarize/ re-familiarize themselves with it. Sicario/Arrival helmer Denis Villeneuve has forged such a excellent, tightly connected sequel to Ridley Scott's enthralling, and futuristic sci-fi noir, that most elements will be foreign if you don't look back at what's happened before.Notwithstanding, after 35 years of near unbearable patience, the long awaited follow up to a film that has been called, the most compelling vision of the future ever created, has finally arrived. Blade Runner 2049 is thankfully, a direct sequel to it's illustrious predecessor, logically as well as creatively attached to the previous events of the early 80's innovative film.Thirty years following Rick Deckard's running off with Rachel, during the only hope filled, sunlit scene in the original Blade Runner, there obviously has been some considerable changes, in the City of Angels, and our world since then, whereas some have remained constant. Suitable title cards grant us a brief history so all can catch up with what has transpired, picking up in the 2020's up to the present year. This includes a devastating event called Blackout which completely paralyzes all of human society.Because of rebellious "flaws" in the Tyrell Corporations Nexus replicants, they eventually went bankrupt, and the company is taken over by blind industrialist Niandor Wallace (Jared Leto), riding in on a proverbial white horse to save the day. He is the brilliant creator of the new Nexus 9 model replicants who are remarkably more obedient than their dissident forebears - and still used for slave labor. His careful study of human history has reminded him that civilizations were built on the backs of slaves. Plus, as he soberly admits, he can only make so many.Naturally, some of the old Nexus 6, 7 and 8 skin jobs are still around, and as always, "retired" by Blade Runners like LAPD officer K (Ryan Gosling). During a retirement mission involving Guardians of the Galaxy's Dave Bautista as humble farmer Sapper Morton, he discovers a small metal box buried under the side of a tree by the replicant's house. Upon a thorough investigation he discovers information concerning a certain fellow Blade Runner and female Nexus 6 replicant from 30 years prior.The archaic data has such riveting implications, it eventually leads K to that certain fellow Blade Runner, namely Harrison Ford's Rick Deckard, to find concrete answers to something that could effect all of humanity- including replicants. Something no one, probably not even Dr. Tyrell, could have possibly conceived.Ridley Scott's Blade Runner (based on Philip K. Dick's "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep), was definitely unlike any other film most, if not some, had ever seen, especially the opening fade in of a dark foreboding Los Angeles showcasing a stark array of austere buildings, and flames of fire literally shooting from the tops of incredibly tall skyscrapers. Cinematographer Roger Deakins and production designer Dennis Gassner have perfect sc-fi noir chemistry in re- creating that same atmosphere,notwithstanding a few more hope filled, slightly subdued sunlit scenes to counterbalance the dark ones. Even Han Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch's sterling score is evocative of Greek composer Vangelis's haunting music that perfectly melded with the film's disquieting resonance.While it's agreeable to see a fresh young, face, aggressively carrying out his duties of what is still called a Blade Runner, even after 30 years, the most provocative mainstay is definitely the return of Harrison Ford. 2049 simply could not have been done without him. It takes awhile within the 2 hour, 40 minute plus running time to finally re-introduce him to fans. But it's well worth the avid anticipation. Ford's Rick Deckard provides sufficient closure to a story fans have been waiting for since 1982. The finest film I have ever seen.Yes, a masterpiece of canon, and style, and production. Spare and sensual, with an extraordinary central performance by Ryan Gosling, great plotting and dialogue in an examination of the nature of love, of memory and of identity. The best of science fiction in that it explores who we really are under almost inconceivable stresses.You can feel the love and effort poured into this movie in every second of film. The music evokes and expands on the original, returns us to this future we know so well from so long ago now.Remember: Science fiction has no ceiling.10 stars. So on first viewing I am delighted to say that this is a true sequel to the original yet able to stand alone. Unlike other franchise reboots this chooses to pay homage to the original and thankfully avoids the temptation of being unabashedly commercial. I am a big fan of the original. I might even give BR2049 a 10 on later viewings. It wasn't what I was expecting so I can say a big thumbs up to those critics (and YouTubers) who agreed not to publish any spoilers. I found myself admiring the blade runner 2049 visuals without finding them distracting or in any way self-serving. Bravo to both Denis and Roger for pulling that off. I have to say that this is a true Sci-fi movie, a movie that will satisfy die hard fans of Sci-fi books. Hampton Fancher has done a truly awesome job of creating story and a script which would stand up well next to the bibliography of Philip K Dick. At no stage did this movie feel like an imitation of the first. The cast is a great fit, the score is sublime, the pacing it similar but different, the cinematography outstanding, the story and script original, the whole feel seems just right. Am I alone in this appreciation? Probably not. Half the audience will have never have seen the original in the cinema and yet we all clapped in unison, old and young when the credits began to run. Thank you to all those involved in this project. Blade Runner 2049 expands upon the foundations of its predecessor, Blade Runner (1982). It tells a story of technology, progress and achievement and connects it to the overarching series theme of humanity and what it means to be human.And let me just say, this film looks unbelievably good. This is the absolutely the best cinematography I've ever seen. The world feels alive, crisp, and real, and some of the wide shots are simply breathtaking. Accompanied by solid performances from Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford and it's enthralling story about humanity's complex relationship with technology, Blade Runner 2049 is simply a must see film. LAPD officer K(Gosling, cynical on the surface) investigates an unusual case. No, sorry, that's all you're getting for plot. If you see someone getting into a lot of detail, avert your eyes. Go into this as blind as Niander(Leto, driven by his cause). Thank me later.This is 2 hours and 33 minutes long, which is not excessive considering how it uses its time. The pacing allows some scenes to go on for a while, however, it's always appropriate. Major props to whoever thought Denis Villeneuve would be right for this. He couldn't be more perfectly chosen. His use of symbolism, exploration of philosophy and compelling themes fit as a companion to the film Ridley Scott created, without merely redoing it(the hints are neat, if perhaps a tad too numerous). This expands upon the issues about Replicants in truly inspired ways(albeit I acknowledge that not all of them were thought up purely for this movie). The acting is sublime. If Joi(Armas, expressing so much with so much forced restraint, for reasons I won't reveal) doesn't break your heart, get an EKG stat, it's stopped beating already. This is not driven by action, rather, the gripping mystery.There is some bloody, even brutal, violence, nudity and disturbing material in this, used well. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys speculative sci-fi. 10/10 When I had heard the news that there was a sequel to Blade Runner in the works, I thought it was a ludicrous idea. But with a fantastic and proven director attached and with the original director producing I decided to give it a shot. Of course the trailer blew my friends and I away with its stunning visuals but I remained hesitant. Once I saw the movie I went in expecting disappointment. Fortunately I was terribly wrong to be so worried! The movie was perfect. It had a compelling plot, creative story-telling, and beautiful sets and CGI. Settings were unique and characters were interesting. The movie keeps your eyes glued to the screen and guessing til the very end. As the final scene of 'Bladerunner 2049' came to an end and the credits began to roll I found myself a bit shocked that nearly 3 hours had elapsed.I had spent the entirety of the run-time completely entranced into the world Denis Villeneuve and his crew had masterfully constructed. To be swept up in the imagination and realized vision of artists who take such care with every shot is a fine experience to have in the cinema. 'Bladerunner' 2049' seemingly transcends being a mere sequel and becomes a full fledged film in it's own right. A film that just happens to share a universe with another.While the story and themes of 'Bladerunner 2049' are familiar they are done with such finesse that we can't help but feel empathy for the characters as they struggle to find their humanity, or simply try to make a connection.There are small flaws in the film if you choose to go over it with a microscope, but the best way to watch 'Bladerunner 2049' is to let it wash over your senses and to just experience it.This is why we watch movies. I personally did not read the book prior to watching this movie. I did not go into the theater with preconceived ideas or expectations. With that being said, I was not disappointed at all. Most of the negative reviews this movie is getting is from raging nerds who say it's not as good as the book (are they ever)?) This is a great and entertaining movie, I absolutely recommend ignoring the raging nerds and go watch it. The movie is awsome i would like to make you the next movie please this is movie they can bring new things because is bazed in game Geeks rejoice. Spielberg is back to form!! I was privileged to see Ready Player One last night and I still can't stop smiling about it. It's very strange to feel this energised after a film and I've not felt like this since Avatar. I can honestly say with hand on heart that for me, that was the best cinematic experience I've had in years. Oh my God, it's a wonderful piece of filmmaking. Not only are there so many references to geek culture including films and TV shows we all love and hold dear but the overall story, pacing, character development, FX and score are simply perfect. Spielberg is in total command here and flexing his muscles. There's many imitators to his throne (remain nameless) but no one can touch him when he's doing what he does best. There's not one single scene in RP1 that felt flat or shouldn't be there and everything flows so perfectly the 2 hrs and 40 mins flies by. I'm still smiling over one scene that made me lose my mind. Lol. 
If you can find fault with RP1 you cannot be a film lover but please don't even try to find fault with it. Just go on and let this stunning and fun and loving piece of cinema wash over you. You'll be glad you did!!!! "Ready Player One" was first a sci-fi novel written by Ernest Cline, published in 2011. Warner Bros. saw so much potential in this novel, they bought the rights for its film version a full year before it was even published. Cline adapted his own book into a script, with the assistance of veteran screenwriter Zak Penn. With Steven Spielberg signing on to direct in 2015, this film had all the ingredients for a blockbuster film.It is 2045. Wade Watt was an orphaned young man who lived in the "Stacks," a dystopian slum neighborhood in Columbus, Ohio. Like everyone else at that time, Wade spent his days going inside the OASIS, a virtual world where people can do anything they desire. As his avatar Parzival, Wade wanted to win the game challenge left by the late OASIS inventor James Halliday -- where anyone who can win three keys leading to an Easter Egg hidden somewhere in the OASIS will inherit full ownership of the Halliday's invention. I first saw lead actor Tye Sheridan in 2015 in two thematically diverse films like "Scout's Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse" (MY REVIEW) and "Dark Places" (MY REVIEW). He then made a strong impression as the young Cyclops in "X-Men: Apocalypse" (2016). His role here as Wade Watts is bound to launch this young 21-year old actor into super-stardom. Although half of the time, we see him as his avatar Parzival, Sheridan ably carried the whole film on his shoulders in both the action and drama components of his role. His group of friends in the OASIS were a diverse bunch of very skilled video game geeks. Lena Waithe played Helen Harris, whose OASIS identity Aech was a musclebound male techie and Wade's best friend. Win Morisaki and Philip Zhao play Japanese gamers Toshiro and Akihide whose avatars were samurai Daito and ninja Shoto respectively. Olivia Cooke played Samantha Cook, a rebel activist in real life and Wade's cyber crush Art3mis virtually. Although the book does not have a follow-up, it does not seem impossible if we see this group again in a future sequel for further adventures of The High Five.Mark Rylance was not easily recognized in his unkempt long-haired geek make-up as the eccentric James Halliday, the timid genius who developed a virtual world to escape the loneliness of the real world. Simon Pegg played Halliday's only friend and business partner Ogden Morrow, who later became estranged due to their divergent philosophies. Veteran character actor Ben Mendehlson played the main antagonist character Nolan Sorrento, CEO of the Innovative Online Industries or IOI, manufacturers of virtual reality hardware. He hired an entire army of virtual warriors in order to win Halliday's Easter Egg in order for IOI to gain control of the whole OASIS. There was so much subtle tongue-in-cheek humor in his portrayal of a ruthless character. T.J. Miller stole scenes as virtual mercenary i-R0k whom Sorrento hired to do his virtual mayhem. This film was so much fun to watch with all the pop culture references that abound in it. You'd need repeated watching of this film to catch all those little juicy details hidden in the scenes and the dialogue. You will see King Kong, Mecha-Godzilla, Gundam, the Iron Giant in all their glory, and catch glimpses of the Batmobile, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Tony Manero's disco moves and many more. The musical soundtrack was steeped in 1980s pop songs, beginning with Van Halen's "Jump" from the opening scene, and citations of a-ha and Duran Duran. There were rich references to 1980s movies with mentions of names like John Hughes, Ferris Bueller and Buckaroo Banzai. Parzival's car is a DeLorean from "Back to the Future." There was entire elaborate segment dedicated to a tribute to the horror classic "The Shining" (Stanley Kubrick, 1980), in what is probably the most fun part of the whole film. Watching a film like this in 3D IMAX is very much worth the additional ticket expense. The computer-generated world of OASIS really came alive three-dimensionally for the audience as they are drawn in and immersed into what is practically what the characters were virtually seeing and experiencing in their heads. From the 1970s all the way to the 1990s, Steven Spielberg had given us some of the most engaging adventure films of all time both by young film fans and old -- "Jaws" (1974), "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" (1977), "Raiders of the Lost Ark" (1981), "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" (1982), "Jurassic Park" (1993). It is only now that Spielberg had again handled material that showed that he still had that magic touch when it comes to directing these types of films, making them connect with audiences of all generations. 10/10. Books to movies will always disappoint certain viewers, so I don't even know why people who read them watch them, because they are never happy. 
I LOVED this! As a gamer myself, I love seeing all the games come to life, but most of all, I love the story. I think it was great! I loved this movie! I will be seeing this again! NO SPOILERS - I promise.BEST VIDEO GAME THEMED FILM OF ALL TIME &
AN INSTANT CLASSIC FOREVERLet me first off state that I have not read the book prior to seeing this film. However, I enjoined the film sooo much that I am now interested in buying the book so that I can see the difference between it and the film adaption. This movie is full of nostalgia! You feel like Marty Mcfly in Back to the Future - going back in time, only in this case - a journey filled with absolute nostalgia of pop culture from the 80s and possible some early 90s. The entire time you can spot references or so called easter eggs throughout the entire film. You get that feeling of being a kid again and reliving your childhood (if you grew up in those times) on a roller coaster ride! The nostalgia is not just other things you see throughout the film but also from some of the lines the characters in the story use, their gestures, and even clothing apparel! Not to mention, the music!!! What a great choice and what better than using Van Halen's "Jump" in the trailer to let you know you're about to step back into 80s!The film displays beautiful vivid colors of non stop special effects and the action is very consistent without long dwelling scenes of nonsense found in other films. You feel like you're enjoying an absolute retro filled vibe through the movie yet it doesn't feel outdated at all - it feels modern and current with the times! It's like Tron meets Wreck it Ralph w/ a small touch of maybe say The Wizard!The film was an awesome refresher to all the recent most disappointing films in Hollywood, and that old school still has a great touch of simplicity but also powerful creativity that many film makers could learn from today, a message to film makers today - when you over complicate films or stories you tend to lose a lot of quality in the fun factor. The film is NOT overly cheesy and doesn't make you cringe or soo bad its good in examples of other films like "The Wizard", "Super Mario Bros", "Street Fighter", "Dead or Alive", "Pixels" or "Double Dragon" etc. No, this film got it right! The only thing I will say is that it did feel like they could have elaborated on some essential things that are missing from the book that people have mentioned but hey, the film is only roughly 2 hours, its not enough time to cram all of that. I could name hundreds of other films that have come out recently over the last couple years - including this year, that are absolutely terrible with plot holes, long dragging needless scenes and didn't make the best usage of a film's time. But this movie: READY PLAYER ONE did a great job in managing its time among scenes because they spent more time on the things that people wanted to see!!Not to mention, the film has a great message that its trying to get across and that is explained at the end.I enjoined the movie soo much that after seeing it the first time at a standard showing, I decided to watch it a second time in I-max! Yes it was worth paying more to see it again on the big screen!! I took my gf and she loved every bit of the film!Hope you guys found this review to be helpful!GO SEE IT!!! I must admit, I had my doubts, but RP1 is insanely good! 
I don't think I've ever had that much fun at a movie theatre, it truly was an experience. Bring your friends, or your kids, or anyone and enjoy that ride that is RP1!!!!!! Real classic movie for those gamers, that's exactly how I imagine the world is gonna be in the near future, everybody will be playing online games with VR devices. And we should be really careful because we might take less attention to our life in the real world. This movie is a must see for family. I first off never read the book, but I am part of the generation this movie is referencing toward. I had an Atari 2600, Intellivison and Colecovision. I was one of the geeks that would spend weekends playing D and D. I was into anime, cartoons and science fiction. But as with all of us, we all grow older with family and responsibilities. That said, I convinced my wife (who was never into Sci-fi or Fantasy movies) and my 12 yr daughter and 9 yr son to see this movie with no prior pre-conceptions. The result was that we absolutely loved it!In the movie the CGI graphics were amazing, my kids were glued to the screen watching all the action and effects. There were never any slow or boring parts in the CGI world. Caution: The part looking for the second key might be intense for younger kids (mine just closed their eyes). All the numerous characters and 80's references my wife and I found definitely gave us nostalgic smile and laughs during the movie.The seamless action and story of the characters in the real world was actually riveting and it felt the long movie run time went by fairly quick. I thought all the characters fitted well and not once did my family groan about a character.I know there has been some negative reviews by people who are comparing it to the book (just like the movie "Enders Game"). However, if you look at this movie as it is presented to the viewer, it is a fantastic movie! My family could not stop talking about it the last few days. I really enjoyed the ending with the final general message that Spielberg is relaying, where true life and happiness comes from. That powerful underlying message was something my kids took out of this movie, besides the absolute great storytelling.If you have kids, I strongly recommend you take them to see it! Maybe this is my firs time giving a comment on a movie, as a person who enjoy movies i just wanna say, thank you for everyone who break a sweat to make this movie, it's really satisfying, this movie is so epic, i love it so much. This has to be the most amazing movie that I've ever seen! Spielberg is an absolute genius. I haven't been so excited about a scifi movie in a long timeSpielberg just hit the Jackpot, its a visual journey through Pop Culture from the last 30 years. So many easter eggs that you have to watch it over and over again to get them all. The IMAX 3D version is worth the money and the story is very pleasent and credible (havent read the book)
Its a 140min of a journey trough all the things you love from the last 30 years, from Saturday Night Fever, to The Shining, to all the movie and computer games heroes.
Very well played by Tye Sheridan and Olivia Cooke are great in their parts.And Steven Spielberg is as young and fresh as a daisyTop my list with 10/10 Never read the book though, I will do so soon. But the movie was really entertaining and I loved every part of it. This a gr8 movie i have seen this movie several times in cinema ,especially fighting scene between mecha godzilla and iron giant, i hope they some movies on the rest of the characters like halo, iron giant , battle toad . This movie is awesome for anyone who likes action/adventure movies, 80s movies, Steven Spielberg, video games. The CGI was awesome and I'm not one to usually praise CGI for I miss the old ways of special effects. I get it! It's not a page for page recreation of the book, but that's what happens in adaptations.Cline wrote the book, and helped write the script. In college i learned that the most important part of adapting books to scripts is telling the linear narrative. How do we get Wade from point A to point B while keeping as many elements of the book without it being obtrusive on the narrative. In this respect, the film nails it in spades 
It's Spielberg at his most creative. He directs in a world full of possibilities and wonder that serve as eye candy while the story thrusts us into this dystopian Ohio. In the end, it's a fun, escapist film that reminds those of us of a certain age how great are childhoods were, with literally 1000's of pop culture references. But read the book along with seeing the movie, to round out the whole narrative. Both are excellent!! I thought the book was well written, and the story drew me in immediately. Given that there's too much detail in the book to fully convey in a movie, and that movies are rarely better than the book version of the story, I was pleasantly surprised by Spielberg and the writers' interpretation. Yes, there were many parts of the book omitted, and scenes added that were not in the book, but the end result was a highly entertaining movie! It was a great ride from start to end, and the core of the book is well represented in the movie. I urge everyone to see this movie and don't listen to others who are hyper-critical, it's well worth it! You need to know Pop Culture and have lived the 80's to fully understand the movie... but if you do, it's AMAZING! Brilliant film, great fun and would definitely watch again. Even if the concept doesn't appeal to you, give it a go, you won't regret it! I have recently seen the latest Spielberg movie, and it measures up to greats like E.T., Jaws, and Jurassic Park. Ready Player One is a movie about a virtual world called the OASIS whose creator, James Halliday (played by Mark Rylance) has died. In his will he creates a quest for control of the OASIS, which Parzival (played by Tye Sheridan) had devoted his life to winning. The quest is entirely 80s themed, and is absolutely great.
All of the actors did a great job playing their roles. One of the best was Mark Rylance. He did an exceptional job as James Halliday, and the somewhat crazy man he was. Simon Pegg, who played Ogden Morrow, did a great job being annoyed at the weird kid always wasting his time. 
I loved all the 80s references in the movie. The music was amazing, as well as all of the cameos. Although I was upset at how much it changed from the book, it was still just as good, if not better. The best scene was the final battle, by far. 
I think that the moral is overused, yet important. It teaches that reality is more important than a game. Although it is necessary, it doesn't need to be in every movie and book a child ever reads. But, unlike most movies and books, it is subtle with this moral, and it does a good job of saying it's message without full out calling video games evil, like most movies incorrectly say.
You will like this book if you were a teenager in the 80s, or even a teenager nowadays. It has a lot of 80s references, but almost every major reference can still be understood today because their about such well known things. All of the music is some of the most well-known 80s music ever, and all of the videogames are immortalized legends. It takes very little 80s or video game knowledge to understand this movie, but the more you have, the better. This movie is also rated PG-13, and I agree with that rating. This movie uses pop culture references raging from the past and present. These references were used in a way that not only made me feel nostalgic, but also emotional.This movie has a deep message about living in the present and not getting lost in virtual households. Towards the end of the film, Parzival beats the game and gets to speak to the REAL Halliday and not his avatar. He asks him, "why did you do all this?" to which he responds by saying that he had a hard time socializing and communicating in the real world so he made this game. Though he says that he did have a good and fun time, he also says that you need to take off the googles once in a while to eat, sleep and use the bathroom. He says "reality is tough, but its the only real thing we have" meaning that we should appreciate it.And once Parzival asks another question, he just says " Thanks for playing my game Parzival" and exits a door that ends the game. This was really touching as the journey made me realize the tough life that Halliday.Ready Player One did a great job in managing its time among scenes because they spent more time on the things that people wanted to see!! (references and such)
This is a great movie and it is trully worth the watch. It will not be a waste of your time and you will have an amazing experience.GO SEE IT!! I'm genuinely surprised by the low reviews that exist.
as someone who has not read the book, (tho i have ordered it), this film delighted me.
I am a consumer supporter for VR (own a Rift)
I also, well, enough about me.
We've had nothing to represent the VR industry since The Lawnmower Man, a film i enjoyed but would consider appalling after watching this.
This movie... was enchanting. 
I look forward to watching it in 3D through my HMD.
I genuinely don't know where to begin in my praise, enchanting seemed to say it all. 
Spielberg, has proven that his talent, skill and shine will exist until the day he dies. 
Thank you for bringing us this film. I confess I was afraid of this adaptation. Could Steven broadcast the games to the movies? Yes, it did and brought its essence from the 80's. Group of friends, great adventure, quality action, world-building and villain worthy of villain.If Steven continues, this may be one of the best franchises in years.And Disney, where's your Tron now? I rate this for Gundam! If u love Gundam or other games like stuff then just go watch! I read RPO way before the movie and when I heard it was going to become a film I was so excited. Then I began becoming disappointed after I heard that the first key where we start seeing character development between Z and Art was completely ripped out and re imagined. Still as a fan of the book I wanted to give the movie a shot. I'm glad I did because it was awesome. It was completely different from the book but because I read it, I already had the full character development, and tones set. I was able to enjoy a new story with the same character which made it so much fun! Right, Let it be known, this film is f****n quality! Genuinely, i watched it with no expectations- the cheeky marketing of it revealing very little worked perfectly in my instance. The opening 5/10mins meets characters, and almost tricks you into a false sense of calm and normality.When 'events proceed', the camcorder style filming instills a genuine realism to events, and the films definitely feeds off the mass concern and shock at global events/terrorist attacks/disasters, and the disjointed way news feeds through.I will say no more but this- watch this film. Don't go finding too much out, just watch, and get taken to a place most fiction movies aren't able to transport viewers to. Intense has been said a lot in other peeps reviews its exactly that. Proper Rocks.Out With all of the crazy viral marketing (that started way too early) some people were worried if it could live up to the hype. It COMPLETELY surpassed my expectations, and I went in expecting it to be good in the first place. Once things pick up and start rolling about 15 minutes in, I didn't relax until the credits started rolling. Yes, they give you a few brief moments to catch your breath, but even then you're still on edge, waiting for the next attack. I can't imagine this movie being executed in any way other than the hand held approach. They somehow managed to pull off SEVERAL absolutely beautiful shots/camera angles while still fitting into the hand held setting. The acting and dialog is so natural that it doesn't feel like they're acting a script...at ALL. It's incredibly intense, you're really pulled into the character's corners, and it's filmed wondrously. If you get motion sickness easily, you'll probably want to wait 'till this is out on DVD. Other than that...GO SEE THIS MOVIE. It's one of the greatest monster movies of all time. Actually...scratch that...it's THE greatest monster movie of all time. Cloverfield is nothing like your average Hollywood movie. Entirely filmed from the perspective of a (shaky) handy-cam, one would not expect a very visually attractive movie. This movie proves that this assumption would be so damn wrong. The story starts at a yuppie party, but then crap hits the fan. And when I mean crap hits the fan, it really does hit the fan hard. Cloverfield is a very intense movie and the first person view really makes you feel like you are in the middle of something that you would try to avoid in real life. It has been a long time ago that I sat through a movie with clenched fists and my jaw on the floor most of the time, but this movie managed to do so. Nevertheless the movie still has its funny moments, which are timed right, so it does not take away from the tension. I could say much more about this movie, but it is really something you should see for yourself. Get the tickets now! If you are gonna do shaky cam,This is the way to do it! This was
an absolutely thrilling and truly terrifying ride! Fantastic acting with realism that makes this movie Gripping and very Intense.
The monster ,especially at the end, is heartstopping in size and appearance, Whoa! I normally hate shaky cam stuff for its uaually reserved for movies with lame acting ,no plotline and bad effects but here, this movie takes that concept and makes it work..the effects are top notch and terrifying as is the sound mastering..The roars of the monster, the buildings crashing, metal creaking, the thuds and explosions are superb! Just a Wow! movie that deserves a look by any scifi fan.. okay, my dad came home from work the other day with four new DVD's, I legend, Alien vs predator,American gangster and clover field. We put on clover field, As being a thriller fan i was drawn right in it was great how the characters were introduced, and how you could go through there life without noticing that they were acting, Sure the start went for to long but it built up to a great story. I was so surprised when they just got attacked and i never saw it coming. It was just so good how the filming Made you feel like you were in the same place as they were and had you at the edge of your seats, Unlike my dad i loved the film and it kept me entertained for the whole 80 Mins i reckon it has to be one of the greatest thriller film ever! I went to see this movie at 12:01 A.M. on Friday morning, the first show, and thought the movie was great. Althoguh I will tell you that if you get motion sickness or easy headaches DO NOT see this film, and if you do move as far away from the screen as possible! My friend got a bad headache and we were halfway up in the biggest theater in at the place which probably holds about 300-400 people. I was not affected because I would just close my eyes for a moment if I felt like it was a lot of moving and it would help my eyes a lot. But I went into this film with no real knowledge of the film and no expectations. The marketing of this film was brilliant, and I believe they delivered a very good film with it! Now people are coming out and saying there was no plot or back story, and felt it was hard to relate or understand the characters, but what people aren't getting is that Cloverfield isn't supposed to be that kind of film. It is a film that we are supposed to watch as if we basically found or were shown footage from an attack on NYC by an unknown creature! I thought the film was effective and I truly felt as if I was with the characters while this all was happening and experiencing it with them, so it's not supposed to be a film with character development or a real plot or explanation. The film feels eerily similar to watching a 9/11 footage video, and when you watch those you feel for the people but don't need or expect a plot about them. Don't get me wrong their is a story within the film, but I'll just leave it at that. I thought the film was very innovative and almost ground breaking in the way it was shot and the feel you get from it! Great Job! Simply put, this movie was incredible. I'm not going to spend any time going into plot detail, or try to make an explanation for everything, because the best way to go into this film is not knowing anything at all. To me, it was a lot like 300 in the sense that this film has placed itself far away from everything else out there that's thrilling and filled with action. (don't take that comment literally, there's no spartan's in this movie, or huge holes for kicking people in... that said, 300 was totally awesome!) When I left the theater, Cloverfield had me waiting for the movie to keep taking place in real life. I felt like I had been right there all along, and that's the feel you get from the unique first person, free-hand camera angle you get the entire film. Now I'm telling you right now, I've seen tons of movies, I love movies, I even work at Blockbuster!!! (aka huge movie nerd) Go see this movie!!! If you're into action, thrillers, and looking for anything that will inspire or amaze, or even make you question (much like I Am Legend - another great film)... this movie is dauntingly realistic. I'm highly recommending it to you, and telling you, it really is worth it. Don't try and figure everything out, don't try to make an explanation for everything, just watch, and imagine, and this movie will have you at the end of your seat and you'll never get the chance to sit back and catch your breath. Go see it!!! This film had me tense throughout the whole film never have i had so much fun while watching a film it was great i give this 10 out of 10 stars although blare witch haters beware may cause motion sickness headaches anyways those who loved Godzilla and blare witch. this is a film for you !!!! great movie 10-10. And for those people that gave this film a 1 out of 10 you probably don't think that you just want to lower the films rating. This film also delivers more realism than other films can, it made me actually believe what happened in the film was true , because of the video camera type perspective probably. Definitely recommended for people aged 10+ Simply one of the best films ever made. Packed house at Pleasure Island. See it in Digital. Exciting while being well paced. Romantic while not being sappy. Tender while being tough. Just like the name Cloverfield, the movie conjures up uncertain, ill defined images and internal reactions. It is the perfect analogy for today's listless world.It was a pleasure to see a film which fully utilized the movie watching experience.Stay until the end credits for a mysterious clue and an amazing piece of music titled "Roar."If nothing else, the overture theme should be nominated for an Oscar. Cloverfield (2008).Chipper F. Xavier, Esq.After its shocking release 10 years prior, a repeat viewing of Cloverfield still manages to disgust and terrify. Unfortunately, many viewers do not recognize its genius. Imagine going to a famously hip New York nightclub on a Saturday evening and being shocked that there are heavy, 808-styled drumbeats interspersed throughout the catchy-but-vacuous lyrics as half-drunk people madly carouse about the parquet dance floor. A reasonable person would argue that you should have known what to expect. An open-minded person might even say, "... heck, that was different!" But only a 'hater' would exclaim: "That sucked!"Cloverfield, directed by Matt Reeves, written by Drew Goddard and produced by J.J. Abrams, is a shaky-camera, found footage horror film which begs the question: What would happen if a gigantic, intelligent, malevolent alien monster attacked New York City? In order to properly frame this fantastical event, the director filmed the movie using a hand-held camera to establish a sense of timely realism and cast relative unknowns as protagonists to force the audience to focus on what was happening within the camera frame. The result is partly unique, partly hilarious, very unexpected and 100% terrifying... But only if you, the viewer, allow a willing suspension of disbelief.Cloverfield works well because the field of view is grounded by normal twenty-somethings attending a going away party for a friend, brother and paramour, as viewed behind the lens of a handicam. When this banal celebration is interrupted by the surreal experience of unnatural disasters in a population-dense New York City, the fear is amplified and very real as the audience is taken along for a very bumpy ride.Some of the more original OMG-worthy moments include: 1) The head of the Statue Of Liberty flying through the air to land at the fleeing feet of pedestrians; 2) The giant, rampaging monster disgorging smaller babies from its body that fall to the ground and immediately begin attacking people; 3) The giant, rampaging monster carefully considering the cameraman before ruthlessly biting him in half.You don't have to like roller-coasters, haunted houses or Santa Claus to enjoy a good horror flick - but you are probably in the minority of the human population if you don't. Escapism only works if you give it permission - or else, you'll always be that person wondering why everyone but you is having such a great time. I thought that this was an EXCELLENT original film shot with a new style and really getting a lot out of the first person perspective. It adds to the realism of "this just happened" or "this really happened". Although the film got off to a slow start, the SFX and story more than make up for it. Once the movie got going, it really took off. One of the most interesting aspects to me is how they manage to keep the story moving very quickly, but fit so much in its rather short runtime. I honestly believe that if you are interested in any of the horror/ thriller/ action/ monster(?) genres you should see this movie, and even if you are not, it made 1-18-08 a fine day. Trust me- the film is a lot of fun. I wont spoil anything, but the last thing i would like to comment on is that the ending was not what it could have been, but nevertheless, 10/10 from me. Just got back from seeing it with a few friends and I must say, I was really surprised.If you like monster movies then this is the movie for you. This modern take on the old Godzilla film has you on the edge of your seat from start to finish. You may ask what it is. My only response to you is "God only knows." It was a really fun time. We yelled, we cried, we laughed (yes, there is a great deal of humor in it.) If you are planning to see it, there are some things which you must be prepared for. Namely, because this film is seen through the lens of a camcorder, the constant moving and jitteriness of the scenes may lead to motion sickness (a friend and I experienced this.) If you have a slightly weak stomach, bear in mind that because this is a monster movie, there will be some gross scenes. However, you will only hear things and see some blood spattering.With possible side effects aside, it is my belief that you will enjoy this movie just as much as I did. And one more thing: stay until AFTER the credits and listen very closely. at first i was upset that they decided to go the hand-held camera route, but once the action started, i thought it was nothing short of genius. this movie is perhaps the greatest pg-13 movie i have ever seen. it had non-stop action as well as phenomenal acting. while the concept was somewhat far-fetched, this movie made me believe that it is extremely possible. some people may laugh at that comment, but only because they are close-minded. if you stop and think about how big the ocean actually is, it is entirely possible that there could be "things" in there that have not yet been discovered. i usually won't give movies like this the time of day. however, i couldn't be happier that i did.GO SEE CLOVERFIELD!!! AND GO WITH AN OPEN MIND. This movie was awesome, first off, it was played out really well, I've been following it since the teaser before Transformers, first big movie of '08, and it earned it.We basically start out in Beth's apartment, the night after her and Rob slept with each other, and he convinces her to go to Coney Island with him, which is where the film cuts to the night of the party (as to say it started recording over it), and Jason is told to take testimonials by Lil, but he hands it to Hud, which has the camera from here till his demise.He goes around getting testimonials, but stops at Morlena to chat on purpose, then a small cumbersome fight with Rob and Beth start after she gets there (about the night they slept together but no one knows about it till Hud blabs to the whole party). It's a little after this that the monster attacks and the 5 minute preview that was released occurs, after this is a forced evacuation where we see the demise of both the Brooklyn bridge and Jason occurs, and Rob, Hud, Lil and Morlena decide to go find Beth whom is in her apartment.In the subway Morlena gets bit and they find a military place where they take Morlena away and she gets poked by them or something and grows big then explodes. After this they go to Beth's apartment and get her, and they go back to the military place and Lil is put on one helicopter and survives and Rob, Beth and Hud get put on another, which the monster attacks and brings down, a few moments after the crash they go to escape, but the monster looms over Hud and we see the monsters face fully, which is amazing, it then kills Hud, as after Beth grabs the camera, her and Rob hide under a bridge or something and Rob films the message and then they tell each other they love each other and then the military begins leveling NYC and then the camera cuts to Coney Island for the last few seconds of the movie.All together it was a really good movie, see it if you haven't. Plain and simple...you'll either love or hate this movie. No in between.I loved it! My girlfriend hated it and got really sick.DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE IF YOU HAVE MOTION SICKNESS!!!! If you can handle the shakiness then you'll really feel involved.It was fantastic. The special effects were amazing and the terror seemed so real. The scale of the monster seemed to change, but even that did not disturb my enjoyment of this film. I have heard the guy behind the camera referred to as an idiot, but the sold out audience and myself found him really funny. Well worth the hype.GO SEE IT! Oh. MY. GOD!!! CLOVERFIELD has everything: terror, laughs, pathos, sympathetic characters, a kick-ass Giger-like giant monster covered with what turns out to be even more destructive parasites, and location filming in NYC (and L.A., I'm told) with jaw-dropping F/X and one of the most chillingly apocalyptic endings since Hitchcock's THE BIRDS. What's not to love, at least for us creature feature fans? CLOVERFIELD plays like GODZILLA MEETS THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT sprinkled with a pinch of MIRACLE MILE, except that I found CLOVERFIELD's twentysomething protagonists far more sympathetic than THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT's self-centered overgrown brats. (The whole cast is likable, but Lizzy Caplan stands out as Marlena, who had the bad luck to be at the wrong party at the wrong time, waiting for friends to meet up with her.) The film cleverly presents its harrowing story as found footage taken from a camcorder discovered by the military in "the area formerly known as Central Park." The camcorder in question is wielded mostly by affable dimbulb Hud (T.J. Miller) at a farewell party thrown for his pal Rob (Michael Stahl-David) before he leaves to take a job in Japan (oh, the irony! :-)). The first 20 minutes or so play like one of those indie comedies about young adults getting their bearings. It's all fun and games until the Statue of Liberty's head crashes into midtown Manhattan. :-) Soon, Hud finds himself documenting Manhattan's destruction ("People are gonna want to know how it went down!") as he, Rob and others make their way across what's left of the collapsing, chaotic city to try to rescue Beth (Odette Yustman), the girl Rob loves, after hearing her tearful cell phone message that she's trapped under debris in her family's posh Columbus Circle apartment building. I know, being trapped in a posh apartment doesn't sound so bad, but trust me, Beth's upscale address doesn't seem so inviting by the time our beleaguered heroes reach her.The found-footage gimmick is used especially well. Seeing the events through the eyes of Hud and his roving camcorder strips everything down to its barest, scariest essentials in the movie's fleet-footed 84-minute running time. No scientists step in to explain the origins of the vicious beasts; the closest we get to an explanation are a few terse words from military personnel and glimpses of TVs in stores (often while said stores are being looted) showing news updates, talking about tankers being capsized and such. Since Hud has accidentally been recording over a tape of Rob and Beth spending a day on Coney Island, the little bits we occasionally see of the couple in happier days sneak in some backstory, as well as providing CLOVERFIELD with one of the most ironic-in-context last lines since the late Ulrich Mühe's "It's for me" at the end of THE LIVES OF OTHERS.I must say I don't understand all these movie critics who've blasted CLOVERFIELD for its film-making style (though Richard Roeper and the Chicago Tribune critic filling in for Roger Ebert loved it, and rightly so) and for its alleged insensitivity and exploitation due to the plot's parallels to the horrific events of September 11th, 2001. My family and I, born and raised in New York, still lived and worked in NYC on 9/11. While we were lucky enough not to have lost any friends or loved ones in the terrorist attacks, I can tell you the makers of CLOVERFIELD did a splendid job of capturing the feel of a disaster-stricken city and its terrified but determined citizens. People need to get a little perspective, if you ask me. For heaven's sake, Japanese filmmakers have spent decades responding to the destruction their country endured during World War II by making Godzilla movies and related creature features. With nearly 7 years having passed since 9/11, why shouldn't American filmmakers like CLOVERFIELD producer J.J. Abrams, writer Drew Goddard, and director Matt Reeves make a horror movie in which New York City is decimated by a giant monster who makes Godzilla look like a sweetheart, with nightmarish, surreal destruction and loss of life that outdoes even the horror of the World Trade Center attacks? I mean, at least in real life, the entire borough of Manhattan and its people weren't destroyed. In the meantime, those of you reading this who haven't seen CLOVERFIELD yet should drop everything and go see it now, now, NOW!!! ...Migraine and Motion-Sickness Sufferer Alert... It's been said that for some sensitive moviegoers, the deliberately shaky camera-work in certain scenes caused queasiness. To be fair, I can understand why. For me personally, the combination of the Shaky-Cam and the strobe-like effect of the malfunctioning lights in Beth's ruined hallway during the Columbus Circle rescue scene kept threatening to trigger my migraines. However, I don't consider that to be a flaw in the movie so much as a flaw in my brain. :-) Nevertheless, the Shaky-Cam cinematography is appropriate for the film's premise, so hey, caveat emptor! ...End Migraine and Motion-Sickness Sufferer Alert... I think id say this is one of the most intense films I've ever seen at the cinema - first film I've really seen since childhood that i actually found thrilling to watch. some people complain about the long intro with the party etc, but i thought, whilst it did get a little boring, that it was so worth it once the action kicked in as it suddenly made what the characters were experiencing, and their reactions to it, so much more shocking and sudden. the switch from relative normality to chaos really was done so well.another issue that seems constantly bought up in the negative reviews to this film is the lack of any explanation about the monster, or really anything thats happening. again though, whilst you are left with a marginally unfulfilled curiosity, i left the cinema with a feeling of satisfaction none the less - based on the knowledge that had anything been explained, it would have ruined the whole thing for me. some lame explanation about the monsters origin etc etc would remove all credibility in my eyes. credibility being something that probably comes quite hard to movies about huge monsters, i thought that leaving a great-unknown was the perfect solution.really thrilling film, and definitely one to see at the cinema or on a big TV as opposed to streaming...really decent movie in my eyes- This movie activated the imagination of 15-year-old me. It's about the feeling of adventure and scale, and making the viewer feel like they are in the world of the story. It's an experience. When this movie came out, that had never been done before. Perfect for what it is, exhilarating and memorable, one million out of ten. Cloverfield follows a group of friends having a going-away party when a monster begins to rampage through Manhattan, they dare to journey through the wreckage to save one of their own.Watching this movie again 10 years later it doesn't appear to be aging at all. The effects are top notch. The monsters are intense and frightening.
This film was made before found-footage was so horribly overdone. At the time it still felt fairly new.
In all honesty this might be the scariest monster movie I've ever seen.
The cast is believable. Everyone works together well and has believable chemistry.This film just manages to feel so realistic, it's amazing.
I definitely recommend. Personally it's my favorite found-footage film. Best. Movie. Ever. So realistic, so scary, and so amazing. 10 stars. I seriously don't think I'll ever see a scary movie as realistic as this one was. It was very satisfying, even though the POV was slightly dizzying. I wouldn't mind watching it again, and I can't wait until it comes out to buy. I really just can't get over how amazing it was! I've seen that some people don't think that it was that good that it didn't meet their expectations but I think that it met mine and then some! Seriously, it was a great movie, and I recommend it for anyone who doesn't mind monster movies, but I think that you should have someone there to hold on to, mostly because there are some "jumping" scenes. CLoverfield overall was a great movie fun party at the beginning and nonstop action, drama, suspense all through the rest of the film i loved the scene when the helicopter crashed and they look up and see the monster i froze in my seat. The movie was great action was great and at the end of the movie you find out the monster is in fact an alien whats that you say... alien well if you watched carefully after the explosion it goes back to a scene in Coney island and off in the distance in the far right hand corner you see a grey dot fall from the sky into the water. yes thats right i got chills and that made the movie for me i was glad they threw that little tid bit of info. When I first saw the trailer and the beginning of Transformers I turned to my brother and said "We've got plans for January 18th." And I just got back and it was worth the wait! Many people complain about the shaky camera movement making them sick, but it didn't bother me and I really believed it helped the movie feel more real. The great acting also extremely helped the overall mood of the film. Although I saw the statue of Liberty head fly in the trailer so many times, there was nothing like seeing the characters reaction to it after it happened.If you go into the movie expecting it to be all about the monster you WILL be disappointed. Although the monster looks crazy and great and does show up at various points of the film, it is not the star. The point of the movie is to show what a normal person would do faced with this situation and not what the army and president would do. Therefore, the characters obviously don't go looking for the monster.The movie has no real back story or explanations as to the origin of the monster, but it would make no sense if it did. This is just a video taped by four teenagers fighting to survive. So unless the monster had a big "Made in China" sticker on his back, how could they ever know.Overall the movie was amazing. Great characters, sound, special effects, and it's a roller coaster ride of emotion as the movie unfolds. This was worth the long wait, and I'm glad a movie as great as this can be made. This movie was the perfect monster movie. Very well done. The whole series is fantastic. I hope they conclude it To see this film at the Cinema was an experience to behold, something I won't forget for a long time. I have since bought the DVD and although my parents disliked the film because of it being "To short with a crappy ending", It is without argument that this is definitely a film to be reckoned with and easily one of the most cleverly filmed flicks of recent times.It's something just a little bit different, so allow me to review what I like about the film.The cleverly selected and anonymous cast. - This worked perfectly for the film, I did not recognise a single face for the duration, which allowed for serious plot changes and twists because there was no Main Character that couldn't die, because there were no famous actors that needed to see the film through.The CGI. - Another beautiful part of this film is the scenery which surrounds what is happening, the iconic decapitation of the statue or liberty was an awesome way of setting the tone. My only criticism would be the Monster it'self, looking slightly un-detailed in comparison to the rest of the film.The Idea - 10/10, What a way to attract a crowd, don't tell or explain anything, do some quiet shouting, make the people want to watch the film using curiosity, and it works so much better when you don't have a clue about the film, honestly, I was totally drawn in.The Ending - Again has had some bad reviews based on this, Personally, I don't think it could have ended better, finally, a film that doesn't end on a good or bad note, just silence. Cloverfield is the film equivalent of a roller-coaster ride, pure thrills. The story begins with a group of twenty somethings in New York celebrating the departing of one of their kind, Rob, who has accepted a job in Japan. Hud, a layabout with feelings for another girl at the party, is given the job of documenting the night on the home video camera. It is through what Hud films, that we see everything that happens throughout the night and as the party progresses we get a good feeling for each individual character and their respective romances and qualms with one another. Then the events take a turn for the worse when the city is rocked by ominous rumblings and subsequent power outages. Suddenly the city is under attack by 'something' and the friends find themselves running for their lives from a gigantic creature (and various smaller ones)that are wreaking havoc.Cloverfield is an exercise in 'what if' and as this, it works incredibly well. The Handy cam style creates level of immersion i have never felt with another film. The style results in the building of tension and fear, through the fleeting glimpses we see of the monster, a leg and a tail glimpsed only for a second are much more frightening than seeing the monster in all it's CGI glory (which, inevitably, we do.) From the get go Cloverfield grabs you're attention and doesn't let go until the credits roll (though you wish they didn't have to.) Handy Cam style may have it's enemies but here it has never worked better, creating untold levels of realism. A a creative, original feast for the eyes and nerves, this film will leave you buzzing and hungry for more, just DON'T watch it on a small television!!! Simply incredible. Never before have I seen a 3 hour movie that didn't seem like 3 hours. I read the Lord of the Rings very recently and I was surprised at how similar Peter Jackson's vision was to my own.Now about the omissions and alterations. I'm not a crazed fanatic who gets worked up over every little detail. I didn't mind Arwen's inflation and I'm actually glad Tom Bombadil was scrubbed (I felt Tom Bombadil was an unnecessary addition to the book). Despite these minor changes, the screenplay stays extremely close to the book and flows very very well (and the prologue was a nice touch).The acting was flawless. As I've read many many times in other reviews, McKellen doesn't play Gandalf, he IS Gandalf. Wood, Mortensen, Holm, Astin, everyone was fantastic. My hat's off to Sean Bean who delivers an excellent performance as Boromir, a character who's intentions are good but wrestles with the corrupting power of the Ring. Bean portrays it VERY well. Oh, and Andy Serkis does a PERFECT Gollum voice. It's EXACTLY as I imagined it myself.The special effects were incredible, the cave troll, the balrog, Gollum, and Sauron's Eye all looked amazing. I was also very impressed by the seamless shrinking of the vertically challenged characters.What's wrong with this movie? I have no idea... I thought everything was perfect. MY biggest gripe is having to wait an entire year to see The Two Towers! The first part of the Lord of the Rings trilogy, the Fellowship of the Rings opened the door to a whole new world for me. I'd never read any of Tolkien's books when I saw the film for the first time at the theatre and, now that I've read them, in retrospect I think being a neophyte to the mythology made my LOTR movie experience all the more miraculous.I loved The Two Towers and Return of the King almost as much as FOTR, but not quite, because seeing Fellowship for the first time was like taking a journey to a fabulous new place and meeting incredible new friends that you don't want to leave. I've never felt anything quite like what this epic evoked in me. It was akin to being a child again, with that tireless sense of wonder and enjoyment of each and every moment, maybe because as a child you are discovering your surroundings, and whatever age you are, when you watch the Fellowship of the Ring you are rendered in awe upon being introduced to the purity and beauty of Middle Earth and darkly enthralled by the majesty of Eisengard, Saruman, Sauron and all of their mighty malice. One of the things that makes this movie so special (and there are so many!) is that you fall in love not only with the "good" characters, but also with the "evil" ones. For example, Christopher Lee was amazing as Saruman, and I can't imagine the movie without him.Some films that might be comparable to the Lord of the Rings trilogy are: The Fifth Element, the Star Wars Trilogy parts IV, V and VI (forget the newer prequels), the Matrix trilogy (especially the first part), Interview with a Vampire, the Legend of Sleepy Hollow (with Johnny Depp), Logan's Run and The Island. They are all excellent movies and works of art that weave that movie magic that keeps you spellbound and entranced for the duration of their runtime.But after seeing The Fellowship of the Ring, I knew I had found the movie by which I would judge all other movies. Based on J.R.R. Tolkien's beloved books, Peter Jackson has set a new standard in the industry of cinema, one that I honestly think has not and won't be surpassed, at least not in my lifetime, not even by PJ himself.It is truly an instant classic that will stand the test of time and be loved by generations to come. God Bless Tolkien and Jackson and everyone involved in the conception and making of this film, for creating a world that is at my fingertips, only takes the touch of a button to go to whenever I want, and makes me forget everything else.The LOTR Trilogy is undoubtedly MY precious, the non plus ultra of all movies! ...but oh was I thankful for it!!! All through the movie I kept on having this big large smile sculpted into my face. For the record, I'm 25 years old, and I've read "The Lord of the Rings" in three times for the first time when I was six or seven years old. Ever since then, I read it at least once or twice a year - therefore you can count me as a fan, for I follow the same cult fan procedure with "The Hobbit" and "The Silmarillion" as well. Now onto the movie... Gosh, I saw it more than one time, and I keep wanting more of it. It just never gets boring! I really enjoyed the little stuff that is found throughout the movie for fans of the books (the map on Bilbo's table in his house comes to mind, it is exactly as the one in "The Hobbit" book that I own), and I also incredibly enjoyed the intro sequence with the re-telling of the battle against Sauron from the Silmarillion, never has an ultimate evil being been so well depicted on the screen. It truly is Sauron. Those who argue the movie cuts too many parts or that it changes the story too much are totally wrong. This movie could not have shown the whole first time in its entirety - keep in mind that the audiobook version of 'Fellowship of the Ring' lasts well over ten hours, making a movie this long would, well, make it way too long and besides, how would you financially sustain such a project? I've read a reviewer saying he'd make all three books with the time allowed for the first movie alone. I think it would be a very fast-forwarding experience of a movie with 'Alvin and the Chimpmunks' kind of voices, incredibly stupid to say the least.Ok, so there are changes in the movie - well, this is Jackson's vision of it. All of us have our own visions of the books, which may or may not be compatible with that of Jackson's, but I can safely assume that nobody can say they have a hundred percent the same vision of the story as Tolkien; that's the thing with books: each reader has a different vision of it. As for me, I was blown away. Never before have I felt so much at home in a movie, it is as if I had taken a walk in the town where I grew up, the Shire, Rivendell, Moria, Lorien, everything felt so much like home, I was moved. I cannot tell of another movie that had me shed tears just by seeing a landscape on screen.As for the changes, well, I found good reasons behind all of them, and let me tell you right away, I was happy that Arwen saved Frodo, yes, maybe coming from a fan it will look like absolute heresy, but I enjoyed the scene a lot. I did not enjoy it because it was supposedly politically-correct to do so, or that I find Liv Tyler to be absolutely attractive; it was just because I felt like even though it was a big change from the book, it was a very good one indeed, it makes you discover the power, determination, and courage of elves and the fact that even elven women, although great in their beauty and seemingly fragile in appearance do not have anything to envy to their male counterparts. And beside, as Arwen is to become a Queen later on, it was pretty good to see her have a great first appearance.The actors were great, they were a lot into their characters, and for the first time, I saw elves as they were, quick, agile, terrifyingly effective in battle - just look at how Legolas dealed with the hordes of enemies without a single hint of fear in his eyes - these are elves as they should be. Gimli was great too, I know people seem to think many characters were not developed enough, but by the actions you can learn a lot. With Gimli a lot can be learned about the dwarves, their pride, deep sense of honor and family, their mistrust of elves, their love for strong beer and a good fight against anything bigger, and their sheer hatred for orcs and the likes. Aragorn was totally the ranger character, the ending scene as he walked toward the horde of Uruk-Hai warriors was great, his attitude, his clothes, everything about him just cried "ranger". Boromir was very well depicted, desperate to save the people of Gondor, by any mean necessary, robbed of all hope, yet in the end he redeems himself by showing his true valour, deep down, he's willing to die to defeat evil, and when he recognizes his king in Aragorn, on his last breath, I felt like watching a hero die, it was moving. The hobbits were all great, Frodo is deeply sad and fatalist, and Sam is just the 'best friend' everyone would like to have, just as it should be. Finally, we have Gandalf, quite frankly, he looks mighty, Ian IS Gandalf. The faceoff against the Balrog in the Moria is a memorable sequence, and just shows how strong he really is, to be able to vanquish such a foe. I can't wait for his return.Quite frankly, I can't wait for the two other movies... In the meantime, I'll watch this one over and over again. This movie has everything that a good movie needs to have, and more. Plus, it just might bring more people to actually read books that have more pages than the average little 25¢ novel that has no value in it, which is great. Parents, maybe some scenes will frighten your kids, but this movie has almost NO blood (even though it has a good share of battle) and the foes are undeniably evil, plus it has good values in it - friendship, courage, responsiblity, sacrifice for a good cause, and the belief that anyone can help to change things. This is worthy of Tolkien, this is a movie that will go down in history as being one of the best ever, for sure. Here is one film that lived up to its hype, and by the time I saw it after it had arrived at the video stores, I had heard and read a ton of things about it, and seen all the awards it had received, and expected a lot. To my surprise, it did not disappoint.Now, several years later after having watched all three of these "Rings" films twice each, I still think this first movie of the trilogy is the best. It is a truly spectacular adventure story all the way through, probably the best ever put to film...and the first three hours of it is extra special. The following two films were very good, to be sure, but this first had a better mixture of the story. The second and third movies were almost entirely Frodo and his allies' long journey, but the first half of this movie also gives a good bit of interesting introductory material including a number of scenes at the Shire, before the long adventure starts. If you watch all three of these films consecutively the action wears you down by midway through the final episode and it almost becomes just too much That never gets a chance to happen with the "Fellowship" film.Anyway, "Fellowship," stunned me for the visuals alone. I can't recall any film that has so many jaw-dropping scenes, one after the other, for three straight hours. Some are beyond description, and I don't care if they are computer- generated. So what? The fact is they are awesome to view, both in beauty and in staggering action scenes that feature incredible-looking monsters and other mythical characters.The story covers all kinds of terrain, too, from the lush Shire of the Hobbits, to the harsh neighboring landscapes. Each couple of minutes, as in the two movies that followed, scenes radically change from calmness to action, adventure to romance, sweet lovable characters to hideous monsters, on and on and on. It's an incredible movie experience. I think it is important to remember that Peter Jackson took up this film not in order just to make a film of `The Lord of the Rings' but because he wanted to make a 'fantasy just like the `The Lord of the Rings'" as he himself put it.  After repeating that phrase on a number of occasions the question popped into his mind: "Well, why not the `The Lord of the Rings' itself?".  In doing this he, of course, set himself an enormous challenge: he had to make a really good `fantasy' film, one which would stand on its own and be true to what he had originally wanted to do but he would also, and here the task he had set himself was enormous, be true to the original book and to make a film which the legions of people who have loved this book would feel happy with.  In the latter task he was certainly not helped by the author or the book: Tolkein, it would seem, hated cinema.  The book itself is `HUGE': this was not going to be the kind of task that the James Ivory team set themselves, or Scorsese nor the kind of task facing Branagh with Hamlet; nor was it going to be like the puny task that faced Columbus with `Harry Potter' who had the bigger budget ($130 million for one film as compared with Peter Jackson with $300m for three).I have just seen the first `volume' and can say without hesitation that he has succeeded in both his goals.  It is not the book but a reading of the book which is inventive and fascinating.  It is the kind of experience that makes you want to go back and reread the whole thing in the light of the emphases that Jackson has brought to the story.  He focuses on the corrupting influence of the ring and, through this focus, the character of the chief protagonists of the story are revealed.  Clearly those most tempted by it are mortal men (Boromir and even, in one moment, Aragorn), those who already have power (Elrond - `The ring cannot stay here'; Galadriel; Gandalf and Saruman),  and, of course, those who would not normally desire it but who by accident become ring bearers - Gollum, Bilbo, Frodo.  I can see why, in this reading, Jackson decided to leave out the Bombadil episode.  Bombadil, like the Balrog, is beyond the ring but the latter is important to the unfolding of the story of the fates of all the characters, Bombadil isn't.It is a miracle of this reading of the first volume of the book that one can see where Jackson is going and one can get a feel of how the reading is going to unfold.  In a sense, Jackson's real trial - as far as those who know the books are concerned - will come with the second film in the series. He has lived up to our expectation by creating even bigger ones: how can he handle the story of the chase andrescue of Merry and Pippin, the storming of Isengard etc - stories which don't really add much to the core theme that is emerging.  Or is he now going to add the theme of the great contest of good versus evil to the unfolding reading?All of this points to the fact that the film, even though it is a feast of special effects, focuses on character.  And this also explains why Jackson chose the actors he did for their roles: they are not `big' names - no `Sean Connery', no `Alan Rickman', no `Brad Pitt', no `Sam Neill'etc.  He didn't want them getting in the way of the story of character.  Ian McKellan's talents, in particular, are used to tell a large proportion of the story: an enormous amount is conveyed simply through his facial expressions and even by the language of his body. The other miracle in all of this is Elijah Wood.  Like many others, when I first heard of Jackson's choice, I groaned: but Wood has been extraordinary.  He brings, as one friend said, a strange kind of androgyny to the role and this is just perfect. McKellan has already been knighted: give Wood the Oscar.And then there is Middle Earth: this is, as someone put it, another character in the story and the New Zealand landscape, digitally enhanced on occasion, lives up to its role too.Enough.  See this film!  Greatest film ever made?  How can one make a claim like that! Silly really; as silly as claiming that `The Lord of the Rings' is the greatest book ever written.  Can't one simply love a story, enjoy reading it a number of times amd lose oneself in it.  One CAN claim that it is the greatest work in its genre as is the film.10/10 I confess to say that I did not see the first two LOTR films in theaters. The fact of the matter was that my sister was 6 years old and scared easily, so my father wouldn't take her. So, my father went on his own to see them. I did, however get to see Return of the King in theaters. I was entranced. I was 12 years old at the time, and I didn't understand the story. But I was captivated. When Pippin sang his song, I was in tears. At the very end, I was sobbing. The sense of beauty it had...I couldn't even describe it. So, I watched the first two movies respectively with my father. And now I was within Middle-Earth. I read the books the same month that I saw all three films. Simultaneously, in fact. That is my admiration story.What can I say about this movie that won't fill a novel? Where do I start? I suppose with Peter Jackson. I was so struck to learn how these beautiful works of art, Tolkien's magnum opus, inspired him to want to take on such a daunting yet gratifying task. He saw more in those books than I had read from them, and I'm glad that a dedicated fan brought these jewels to screen. Thank you, Mr. Jackson! The cast? Absolutely beautiful. Their friendship is so apparent, so close, not faked as you see in many other movies. Not one actor in those three films were bad. Yes, you heard me. So those of you who said that the casting was terrible, let me say to you: "Not all those who wander are lost."Elijah Wood, who is a very gifted and bright young man, has such an incredible beauty (inside and out) to portray such a conflicted and fatalistic character. His own striking idealism, innocence, and understanding was such that you fell in love with Frodo at first sight, but not to the point where he seemed weak. Elijah is Frodo incarnate, and anyone else would have ruined the role.Sean Astin, another very bright young man, shows his warm wisdom as Samwise, as well as a courage the likes of which I have never seen before in any performance. He had such an aura of honesty and kindliness that it shone like a light on screen. His friendship with Frodo (Elijah respectively) is so obvious and true on-screen, and not a sappy, cheesy "Hollywood" special. Friendships that are too sappy (and fake) will kill a movie, but this one was so obviously real and strong that it touched we fans in such a deep way (for those who could appreciate it).I can't say everything I would like to about these movies. The marriage of deep friendship, dedication, and beautiful, realistic special effects creates an entrancing epic that will be hard to rival by any movie. Those who negatively rated these movies, did you actually pay any attention to the screen as you watched the movie? For those who have never seen these movies, please, do. The deep bonds shared by these actors, all of them, are so beautifully shown, and the cast clearly underwent a lot of stress (For those who own the Extended Versions of these movies, you might hear some horror stories from Astin, Wood, Mortensen, Serkis, and more, if you listen to the documentaries/commentaries), but it is clear that they love their roles, and it shines through in their voices, their faces, and especially their acting.I neglected to mention the efforts of the crew. Without them, over 5,000 people strong, these movies would not have been possible. They created Middle Earth in such way that it seemed possible to be a shadow of our past: a past world on Earth that faded away long before our time. Thanks be to them.Yes, there are differences from the books. There always are, in any adaptation. I saw that some people commented about how weak a character they thought Frodo seemed compared to the book, because several moments in which he looks Evil in the face were shortened/changed in the film version. That isn't true. Not at all. True heroism means not only defending others, but accepting aid from others. True heroism means that one accepts that they can't do everything alone, and accepts the aid of those willing to give it. THAT is true heroism. Frodo shows that in every light, even if it isn't always obvious. You can see with much more than your eyes...Overall, if these were the last movies I thought worthwhile enough to watch (I hope cinema doesn't become that bad), it would be fine by me. Thanks to all of the people who brought this to us, the LOTR fans. To my fellow fans, I say: "May it be a light for you in dark places, when all other lights go out." 10/10, and then some. I think I can watch this film a billion times and not get bored. Today I saw LOTR for the third time and I noticed a few details.When Frodo is stabbed with the blade from the dark rider and the hobbits and Aragorn are in the forrest u can see 3 huge stone trolls in the background. To understand who they are you have to read The hobbit. - When the fellowship is traveling over the mountains everyone is walking IN the snow, except for Legolas who is walking ON the snow. The is because Elves are so light.Well when I saw these details I realised that Peter Jackson was even a greater director then I thought. And for the people who think that there are too much 'ring-shots' (sounds like a word from a porn movie) in the movie: THE MOVIE IS CALLED THE LORD OF THE RINGS GODDAMMIT, THE RING IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IN THE ENTIRE MOVIE! Some say that the movie is too long. It may be long but I never ever get bored watching. This movie is just brilliant, mayB just as brilliant as the book. It is my firm belief that the standard versions of The Lord of the Rings should be jettisoned in favour of the extended editions universally. Sure, the near 4 hour runtime is a tad steep, but for an absolute masterpiece like this, it's work every second and the first act of undoubtedly the best trilogy in cinematic history! Star Wars has been dethroned.  Although George Lucas' movies are good in their own right (except for the juvenile elements he puts in to sell toys to finance the franchise), his scripts (which borrow heavily from J.R.R.Tolkien, mythology & religion) can't compare with the brilliance of the literary trilogy `The Lord of the Rings'.  Granted, Lucas took on a herculean task in writing & directing his story himself, but Tolkien's words, along with Peter Jackson's faithful adaptation & inspired vision, have created something no one man could equal. Of course, it helps that Jackson insisted on at least a 2 picture deal, & New Line Cinema was brave enough to foot the bill up front for 3 movies. They spent $180 million to film all 3 simultaneously.  With the New Zealand exchange rate, that equals $360 million ($90 million ea.), but since they used many of the same sets, and FX development costs were spread throughout, we're seeing $120-$150 million on the screen.  This will ensure consistency in plot, casting, tone, etc.In 3 hours, Jackson has crammed everything essential from the first novel & then some into the film, rewriting some scenes & dialogue with lesser characters for the leads, leaving out only what there wasn't enough time for.  Basically, you have two 90 min. movies running back to back.  There are no slow spots, just one climax after another.  From the opening 10 min. backstory where the Dark Lord Sauron is shown on the battlefield wiping out men & elves 10 at a time with each swing of his mace, I was blown away.  The romance between Aragorn, king in exile, and Arwen, daughter of the elf-lord, is played up for the "Titanic" quotient, but it's well done. The story, sets, costumes & FX are so rich, you'll have to see the film several times to absorb everything.  The unspoiled New Zealand locales are spectacular, providing a variety of environments to represent the different settings on the characters' journey.  The location sets are imaginative, detailed & weathered, adding to their believability, while the studio sets match them in meticulousness.  The costumes are at once familiar & strange, drawing on both the medievil & the fantastic, but more important, they're also functional & practical.  The music by Howard Shore is appropriately sweeping, Celtic & folky in keeping with the novel, although it lacks the memorable themes of John Williams or Jerry Goldsmith, but neither would commit a year or more to a 3 picture project.  The FX are as they should be, unobtrusive & unnoticed most of the time, there only to support the story not draw attention away from it as in most Hollywood movies which try to coverup illogical plots & bad acting. I'm particularly gratified by the casting of Viggo Mortenson as Aragorn which was a last minute stroke of luck when the actor first chosen for the part backed out due to differences with the director.  I've always thought Mortenson had an intensity & striking but not pretty-boy looks that could portray a flawed, dangerous hero instead of the villains Hollywood always picked him for.A stellar cast giving some of their best performances, visuals that deliver beyond what I imagined, a perfect mix of humor, passion & tragedy, and a feeling of grandeur, scope & impending doom.  Perhaps as an ensemble piece with so many characters & the inability to concentrate on any one, it can't be measured against some of the classic character study films, but even the casual moviegoer can grasp the ideas & not get lost  As far as I'm concerned, it's one of the greatest films of all time. Barely ever hearing of The Lord of the Rings, I went in to see this film in theaters the consecutive Friday it was released, to not only be flabbergasted at its greatness, but wanting more! Since then, I devoted myself to seeing the following two films on the first day of release -- a promise I kept.Peter Jackson's take on Tolkien's fantasy masterpiece not only carries a great deal of the text to full film fruition, but shows the power of film, and proving that nothing is impossible. Jackson's vision is continuous, and never seems to loose grasp of the story that is being told. Using the artistry of John Howe and Alan Lee, The Fellowship of the Ring gleams with a beautiful and dark atmosphere, a length of detail that makes it seem like everyone and everything has its own history, and full of wondrous images one could never imagine.The acting is superb. With a complex script, each actor has transformed these characters into 3-D people with deep back-story, and people that we feel compassion for. This is one extraordinary ensemble cast. Each actor IS that character, making it seem impossible to imagine anyone else fill that person's shoe in their stead. Viggo Mortensen IS Aragorn. Sir Ian McKellen IS Gandalf the Grey. Elijah Wood IS Frodo Baggins. One could weep with our heroes should one fall, or feel inspired when they achieve victory. A fantasy with this much emotion just seems surreal, but it's completely believable.Never losing pace, the writing and direction is flawless, making for one enthralling introduction into Middle-earth. The voice over prologue fills even the most uneducated audience member with all the necessary knowledge they need to know in order to understand our heroes' and villains' motives. Some things of course have been omitted for pacing reasons. While not present in the theatrical cut, we do see the passing of the Grey Elves, and get a brief tale of Beren and Luthien. The barrow-wights and their story is no where to be seen (as interesting as it is in the book, there really is no place for it in this film) and Tom Bombadil is absent as well, but thankfully to the ingeniousness of the writers, in the Extended Edition of The Two Towers a little homage is paid to the character. Omissions and changes are always part of adapting a book to film, and the ones made by Peter Jackson, Phillipa Boyens and Fran Walsh are justifiable in every way.The action scenes are spaced out thoroughly enough for breathing room, plot advancement, and ever-continuing character development. Each action scene is its own, be it the flight to the Fjords of Bruinen, the Mines of Moria, or the showdown at Amon Hen near the end of the film. All are greatly choreographed, each stunt member and actor is full of energy and ambition as they wield deadly weapons at each others' heads and limbs. It really is a sight to behold.The special effects are mesmerizing. The use of CGI, miniatures/bigatures, and even clever camera angles blend to make one ideal image after the other. The soaring images of Barad-dur or Orthanc seem real when in fact, they only stand so many feet high. The Argonath, two figures of enormous height standing before the Anduin River seem like 300 foot creations, when in fact they are about only several feet off the ground. Simply jaw-dropping imagery.Howard Shore's score for The Fellowship of the Ring is a beautiful, epic, and complex piece of work that makes one feel like they have been entranced. Even when some of the text seems omitted from the screen, it can be heard through the powerful instrumentation conducted and created by this composer. The use of leitmotifs to symbolize a country, race, or character is stunning.Overall, The Lord of the Rings - The Fellowship of the Ring is a visionary masterpiece, allowing the world to see what seems like actual history with fantastic elements, equaling the greatness of Hollywood's earlier classics. As the first of three, one who has not seen these films can await the next several hours of their lives to be changed for ever. 'The Lord of the Rings' is one of my favorite books, I have read it several times, and remember thinking the last time, about 3 years ago that if I made a film I'd want to make it of this, but wouldn't it be almost impossible. You can then imagine how strong my expectations were when I went to see the eagerly awaited first installment.This film impressed me hugely, more than anything else because of how true it was to my imagination, both in the characters as well as in the effects and setting- a sentiment I have heard consistently from other fans of the books. Elijah Wood brought across the character of Frodo with the kind of haunted, frail courage that Tolkien captures so well in the books. Nor could I find any fault at all with Ian McKellan's Gandalf, Viggo Mortensen's Aragorn, and Sean Bean's Boromir, all of whom I thought were portrayed excellently. I could pick out instances where I did think, 'no, that's not right', however their seldomness in number would only serve to illustrate the excellence of the overall portrayal. One thing that did stand out for me was Cate Blanchett's performance as Galadriel, the part itself became so perfunctory in the film that to me her alternation between benevolent seer, and figure of potential terror seemed little more than a slightly confusing detour with no real connection into the plot other than as a vehicle for a glimpse into the future. But that was it.I thought that the points where Jackson did deviate from the text were completely the correct ones to do so. Shortening the opening Shire scenes and cutting out the whole Tom Bombadil bit was great since frankly they bored me slightly in the book anyway. Also, expanding the role of Arwen was a sensible decision.However this film is by no means above criticism. The dialogue was in my opinion terrible and purely there to drive on the plot. Normally this would ruin a film for me (as in "The Matrix"), making it almost intolerable to view, however fortunately here it proves little more than a minor irritation. Also, the film seemed overall to be excessively plot-driven and at times a mad dash from one action scene to another, the characters, for all their truth to the book did seem flat and sometimes little more than stereotypical fantasy characters. This is perhaps my major quarrel with the film- I would have liked these characters to have come alive as people in a way that was made impossible by the sparseness of the script and the rollercoaster nature of the plot. In general the whole film lacked the depth of context that I think distinguishes Tolkien from other fantasy writers. However to have achieved this would have required a very different movie, and you can't fault an action film for being an action film.This movie is undoubtedly not for everyone. A lot of people just don't get fantasy- other than Lord of the Rings, I don't particularly either. However in my opinion Jackson really has made an incredible achievement- his and Tolkien's vision carried through suberbly by a breathtaking setting and stunning special effects, as well as by a cast clearly as enthralled as he was. He has taken on a huge task, and is dealing with it with breathtaking success. Check for other user comments. LOTR is without a doubt, the best movie I've ever seen. I don't care what the Academy says because without a doubt, it was the best film of 2001 (obviously... i said it was the best movie I've ever seen). It deserved the Academy Award 10 times more than A Beautiful Mind did. I mean look at the difference between ratings. LOTR: #3 ABM: #126 See a difference? LOTR will go on to be an unforgotten movie as what Star Wars is. In twenty years ABM won't even be on the top 250 list, while LOTR will still be in the top 50. SO LOTR fans just remember. Academy doesn't mean sh*t. Time says it all. Peter Jackson set out to make movies which the author of the Lord of the Rings trilogy, J.R.R. Tolkien would have endorsed. All three were resounding successes, though because of the film medium they necessarily varied from Tolkien's story-line. Purists may have issues with Jackson's theatrical license, but as someone who has read Tolkien's books several times and seen the films 4-5 times each, I never felt that Jackson went too far or compromised Tolkien's story, the mythology he developed or the wonderful characters he brought to life. Many have said what Jackson did could not be done. He has not only proved the nay-sayers wrong, but lovingly crafted a set of films which will, for many decades to come, stand out as a great achievement. This is the first of three reviews I am publishing on IMDb for these films. I am labeling them Parts 1, 2, and 3 just in case anybody wants to read them in order. The reviews will be self-contained, but will also be enhanced by a chronological reading. My reviews will focus on the extended edition DVDs, though my comments are also relevant to the theatrical releases.The Fellowship of the Ring introduces the key characters and the broad story arc of the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Wizard Gandalf the Grey travels to a small town for small people (Hobbits)to help celebrate Bilbo Baggins' birthday. The very elderly Baggins doesn't look a day over 45, and soon it becomes apparent why. Since the great adventure of his life, a quest he was sent on by Gandalf himself, he has possessed the most powerful object in all of Middle Earth  The One Ring. This ring is evil incarnate, with an insatiable lust for power, it taints every creature who possesses it and tries to work its way back to its creator  Dark Lord Sauron. Bilbo uses the ring to disappear, as he intends to spend his senescence with his friends the Elves in Rivendell. But activating the ring, he draws the attention of Lord Sauron from thousands of miles away in the land of Mordor. Realizing what has occurred, Gandalf scrambles to determine a course of action and recruits Bilbo's nephew Frodo and his loyal gardener Samwise to bear the ring to the Council of Elrond in Rivendell. Thusly, the seeds of the fellowship are planted in the soil of the Shire.At this point, we are about 1/6th of the way through The Fellowship. Fairly soon thereafter, it becomes clear who will compose the fellowship, and who and what these people are. Though the succeeding films are not entitled "Fellowship", they follow the adventures of the surviving central characters. Characterization is done just as Tolkien did it in the original novel  by example not discourse. For example, we are given hints to the identity of Strider (Mortenson) earlier on in the movie than in the novel, but the actual significance of this remains ambiguous until about midway through. Strong characterization is key to the success of the entire trilogy. To summarize, Peter Jackson, his team and cast  NAIL the characterization. The casting and acting is perfect. It is very difficult to resist the temptation to single out Mortenson and McKellen for carrying their difficult roles so well (Strider/Aragorn and Gandalf), but why risk diminishing the contributions of the rest of the cast? Nobody mis-steps, and it is clear from the beginning that the entire cast was thoroughly and completed engaged with the task before them.Tolkien believed that no film would ever do his work justice, and until this trilogy, he was correct.Peter Jackson and his team have managed to do exactly what they set out to. As Jackson himself has said in reference to the film trilogy, they set out to 'make Tolkien's film.' Jackson successfully drew out elements of all three books, expanding and contracting, rearranging, and sometimes adding whole subplots which are hinted at in the books, but not well explained, in order to adopt the grand story to the film medium. Arwen (Liv Tyler), daughter of Elrond and Elven lover of Aragorn, for example, is introduced early in the films and plays a role in the films which is much more equal to her significance than it was in the books.The Howard Shore score is lovely, and its simple themes are used to great effect throughout all three movies. The musical collaborations improvising on Shore's basic themes are great, and, though they feature some prominent performers  are never weighed down by star-power.Jackson made all three movies simultaneously. This technique allowed for perfect continuity, and permitted much greater flexibility in editing and post-production work than would normally be allowed. Knowing that he would need to establish and support his own fellowship to make this production work, he also knew that success would make the production legendary. So, he documented the creation of the films beautifully. Two complete DVDs full of documentary pieces are included in all three Special Edition Packages in the trilogy. Many are likely to be bored by the details in these documentaries, but those interested in the creative process behind the films will be provided with a more comprehensive view than I can remember ever seeing in any similar DVD package. The Fellowship of the Rings is as true a representation of Tolkien's novel as can be imagined. Although some aspects of the stories in the novel were adapted to the screen, the essentials, the characters, and the overall story are not just recognizable, but ENHANCED by the film. What results is a film that is not just entertaining, but an enormous fulfillment of an undying wish of millions of fans around the world.Very highly recommended. Growing up, my dad would always tell me his favorite books were The Lord of the Rings volumes.  But I was never interested in fantasies, so I didn't really care.  Then I found out that Peter Jackman was making the movies so I told my dad.  He became really excited.  But still, I didn't care.  Until one night in November, when they showed the LOTR special on TV.  I was able to catch only the first ten, fifteen minutes and instantly, I wanted to see the movie.  I had never read the books.  My dad took me and my family to see the movie.  I was a bit excited and curious to see how they would do it. Mind you, I knew next to nothing about this story.I sat through the entire three hours in Middle Earth and fell in love with it. Through parts, I would clutch on my brother's arm, tense and hoping that everyone will make it through a lot of the sticky situations they were in. I fell in love with Legolas and his graceful Elf self.  The minute the movie began, I was drawn in.  The special effects were terrific.  I felt like I was there.  I wanted (and still do) to live in Rivendell among the Elves. The backdrops for the movies was fantastic.  Sir Ian McKellan's quote about how New Zealand is Middle Earth is so true.I was very impressed with the casting.  I'm a huge movie buff so I have seen plenty of movies and I won't be lying when I say that LOTR has the best casting ever.  Every person, the mains and the extras, WAS the character they played.  The make-up was incredible.  The orcs creeped me out.  The Elves entranced me.  The Hobbits brought a smile to my face.  Elrond, Hugo Weaving, is the perfect Elf King, firm and commanding, yet with love for his people and respect for Frodo.  I could go on and on, but I won't.I loved the fact how PJ was able to make the Hobbits look small in every single scene.  I would LOVE to know HOW in the world they did that.  I love how the Elves are so graceful and look ethereal.I know that the movie is three hours long and people balk at that.  I took a friend of mine who hasn't seen the movie because it was three hours long. He loved it.  He was engrossed and he had never read the book either. This movie is one of the, if not THE, finest piece of work I have seen.  I eagerly await "The Two Towers" and "The Return of the King".  I definitely recommend this movie for everyone to see at least once.  I have seen it four times and will see it yet again soon.  I can never get bored of this movie. Go.  See it.I leave you with a quote from Gandalf: "All we have to decide is what to do with the time that we are given" This film is a triumph in almost every aspect.  I had never read the books upon seeing the film and was a little sceptical about what many people were claiming that it would change the way films were made.  Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring has become my favorite movie of all time.  And I have seen a lot of freaking movies.Every aspect of the film works.  The cast works their respective roles to perfection with Ian McKellen(Gandalf), Elijah Wood(Frodo), Viggo Mortensen(Aragorn), Sean Bean(Boromir), and Sean Astin(Sam) being the standouts.  From the epic prologue of the film you realize that there is a great, epic journey ahead of you.  And along the way you meet and care for every single character in the film.Director Peter Jackson has really crafted a beautiful piece of work that will be remembered for ages.  It's a perfect balance of action and great character moments.  Character development is not sacrificed for more action like so many other films of its like.  There are many moments of the film that make you realize this is more than just your typical fantasy film, moments that transcend filmmaking and have a profound effect on you. The last 30 minutes are particularly powerful and moving.Basically, this film is an epic, incredible experience.  A film that will be looked at years down the road as a great piece of filmmaking.  If you're a fan of good fantasy, or if you're just a fan of great movies, you'll love this film, plain and simple. Sixty years ago, the Hobbit Bilbo Baggins came into possession of a magic ring. When he decides to leave his home in the Shire and retire, he finds it curiously difficult to leave the ring behind. Disturbed, the wizard Gandalf investigates and discovers that Bilbo's trinket is actually the One Ring of legend, which the Dark Lord Sauron needs to complete his return to power. Bilbo's cousin Frodo has to take the Ring on a long and arduous journey across Middle-earth to the volcano known as Mount Doom, deep within Sauron's land of Mordor, the only place where it can be destroyed.Back in 1999, when Peter Jackson began filming The Lord of the Rings, there was an expectation of failure. A thousand-page-long book adapted into three three-hour movies by a director whose biggest previous movie had been a minor ghost comedy starring Michael J. Fox? And on a budget of only $90 million apiece at a time when $200 million+ budgets for such epic films were becoming more commonplace? It seemed like a recipe for disaster.Against the odds, Jackson pulled it off. The trilogy as a whole is a remarkable work, translating Tolkien's vision onto the screen with - for the most part - respect and integrity. There are missteps, mistakes and some ill-conceived changes, but these are mostly restricted to the second and third films in the sequence. The Fellowship of the Ring, on the other hand, is moved from page to screen with enviable skill.The main key to the film's success is the casting. Elijah Wood may be a lot younger than Frodo in the novel, but he sells Frodo's mix of book- learned wisdom with a lack of practical experience with wide-eyed enthusiasm. Representing the old guard, veteran actors Ian McKellen, Ian Holm and Christopher Lee bring their roles of Gandalf, Bilbo and Saruman to life with presence and gravitas. The actors are pretty much all excellent, even Cate Blanchett as she struggles with a curiously-written interpretation of Galadriel. Marton Csokas is probably the film's weakest acting link as Celeborn, but given he has about twenty seconds of screen time, this is not a major issue. I must also admit to not being altogether convinced by Viggo Mortensen as Aragorn the King, but as Strider the Ranger in this first film he is superb.In terms of scripting and changes from the books, some key sequences are missing. Tom Bombadil is gone (which is a wise move), as are the barrow- wights (which is more regrettable) and other elements are compressed (the journey from the Shire to Bree, which covers dozens of pages in the book, happens instantly on-screen) or eliminated altogether (Fatty Bolger, the 'Fifth Hobbit', is exorcised from events). Other events that happened in the book off-page or only in flashback occur here in their correct chronological order, such as Saruman's confrontation with Gandalf at Isengard.For the most past these changes are well-judged, even if some fan- favourite moments are left out. For a three-hour movie the pacing is generally excellent, with a good mix of exposition, character-building moments and action set pieces. The movie's effects are impressive, with CGI being held back and used only when absolutely necessary, with miniatures often employed to give physical locations a sense of presence and weight. Whilst clearly resulting from budgetary restrictions, this prevents the film getting buried under fake-looking CGI and means it still has more convincing effects than the recent first Hobbit movie, which feels a little silly.It's difficult to pick a stand-out moment from the film. The Black Riders pursuing the Hobbits is an evocative moment, as is the confrontation on Weathertop and the flooding at the Fords of Bruinen. The outstanding sequence is probably the descent through Moria, which features both excellent character moments (such as Gandalf's conversation with Frodo when they discover that Gollum is pursuing them), humour (Pippin's encounter with a skeleton on a well), action (the battle with the cave troll in the chamber of Mazarbul) and tragic horror (Gandalf's last stand on the bridge of Khazad-dumb). The whole sequence is a joy to watch.The film missteps a little near the end: the trip to Lorien, where the Fellowship regroups after Moria, made sense in the book but in the film it dangerously comes close to killing the pace of the movie altogether. This is not helped by the somewhat bizarre characterisation of Galadriel. Jackson is to be commended for trying to make the longueur work, but ultimately it feels like it's delaying the film's climax too much at the moment it should be ramping up towards it. Fortunately, in the cinematic edition it's a fairly brief sequence. Events culminate in the epic battle on Amon Hen, with Sean Bean delivering a stand-out performance during Boromir's last stand and Sean Astin's Sam getting his first notable moments in the film's cliffhanger ending.The movie's success is furthered by some truly remarkable production design and the quite astonishing soundtrack by Howard Shore, which must rank as one of the finest movie soundtracks of all time.The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring remains, thirteen years on, one the finest fantasy movies ever made. The writing, acting and effects work all combine and work in tandem with one another to produce something very special, something that Peter Jackson has struggled to replicate ever since. There is very little that can be said about The Lord of the Rings that hasn't been said already many times over. But what can be re-iterated is that The Fellowship of the Ring is an outstanding piece of film-making.Where do you start when reviewing a film the size of Lord of the Rings? J.R.R. Tolkein's seminal masterwork, long considered unfilmable, has made it on to the screen thanks to visionary director Peter Jackson. The Fellowship of the Ring is the first of the three books of the trilogy. Everyone has their favourite of the three, and this one is probably mine. Unrivalled in its size and scale by virtually any other film, with new groundbreaking special and digital effects, a stunning musical score, universally superb acting and most importantly a superb story.The Fellowship of the Ring is the first part of the epic trilogy that tells of the quest of a hobbit to destroy an evil ring of power. He is aided in his quest by his friends and other companions who accompany him and protect him on his journey. Many threats face him on his long journey, both from the world around him and from his companions, who could be tempted by the power of the ring he has set out to destroy. It is a tale of magic and fantasy, swords and sorcery, but it is not simply for teens who enjoy dungeons and dragons games. It is accessible to everyone. By turns exciting, frightening, funny and sad, it is a true masterpiece in terms of storytelling, encompassing the full spectrum of emotions.The acting is superb from the entire cast, and it is unfathomable as to how the Academy overlooked the acting entirely for all three films when dishing out awards and nominations. However the performances from Ian McKellan, Viggo Mortensen, Sean Astin, Elijah Wood and Sean Bean are all so good it would have possibly been greatly unfair to single any one out for an award.The film also contains some groundbreaking computer-generated special effects, and some positively genius scale work. Due to hobbits being only about 3 feet tall, some clever scale work was needed in order to ensure that John Rhys-Davies, a dwarf in the film but over 6 feet tall in real life, did in fact look the height of a dwarf. This was done through clever use of forced perspectives, scale doubles, giant sets and blue screen filming. However, the most impressive use of computer effects lies later in the trilogy, with the appearance of Gollum  cinema's first live-action character who is completely computer generated. The music is also beautiful, and Howard Shore has created possibly the most iconic and memorable score since John Williams' Star Wars.Peter Jackson has, until Lord of the Rings, been seen as a director outside of the mainstream, but his superb, career-defining work on the Lord of the Rings trilogy has seen him well and truly propelled him to the forefront of Hollywood. He has re-defined the epic film with unparalleled success, and created films that will definitely stand the test of time, to one day be thought of with the same reverence as the Star Wars and Godfather trilogies.A major milestone in cinema history, the trilogy would eventually gain seventeen Oscars between the three films. Lord of the Rings is a master class in storytelling, and essential viewing. I knew from the first time I saw the preview that this was a movie that I wanted to see. Now, I have never picked up a Tolkien book, and the only story I ever knew was the Hobbit, and that was from the animated movie. Now, let me make my observations of some of the reviews listed here, and I must say that everyone is entitled to an opinion, and here is mine.  If you don't like this movie, pronouncing it as boring and too long, then you obviously don't have the patience to watch a great movie, more like you love the hacked off 88 min movie that has no real script to speak of, and only took 2 months to film.  Which is fine, because I like those movies as well,but also I personally love a movie that took a lot of work, and is also very spectacular as a result.  Titanic comes to mind, for one.  I want substance in a movie, and LotR delivers.  It is a true work of art, unlike (someone mentioned "Fight Club" ???? A classic?! I think not).  If you only thought of it as boring, then you were only looking for action and no story, in which case the latest Van Damme movie would have fulfilled your expectations.What I truly loved about this movie wasn't just the scenery, but the acting as well.  Each part was brought to life perfectly, and the actors had great chemistry together.  I especially loved Ian as Gandalf, and I must also give a great nod to Christopher Lee, who has always made a great villain.  The action was well placed and suspenseful, and everything looked as I would expect a fantasy world to look like.  Overall a very well made movie.  If you hate it, then maybe it's over your head. WOW!! First off, those who complain about the film...ARE YOU NUTS?!?! Films are merely forms of entertainment remember? And this film was very entertaining. The special effects were EXCELLENT!! I have to admit; I fell in love with a couple of actors after watching this movie. Hugo Weaving - always a favourite - made a delicious elf, as did Orlando Bloom. YUMMY!! Ian McKellen was lovely as Gandalf the Grey - GOOD MOVE! And Christopher Lee was really creepy as Saruman the White, but then again, isn't he always?Now to those who say that this movie has no plot, are you people blind? The plot is right there!! I'll spell it out for you. *Old hobbit (Bilbo) has evil ring, bequeaths it to young hobbit nephew (Frodo) *Frodo and 3 hobbit friends (Merry, Pippin and Samwise) directed by wizard Gandalf to embark on a journey to Rivendale (home of yummy elves) to give ring to elves for safekeeping. Unfortunately, no go. *4 hobbits continue journey with other members of fellowship of ring (Gandalf, Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli and Sauron) *Encounter danger *One dies *Journey to be continued in next movie Very basic, and I've probably left out a lot, but there you go.I really enjoyed this movie like you wouldn't believe - how DID "A Beautiful Mind" beat it? (Mind you, Russell Crowe is a pretty solid actor.) As a fantasy movie it rivals "Harry Potter", I loved it that much. (And I LOVED "Harry Potter" - especially Alan Rickman as Professor Severus Snape) All I have left to say is: 2 thumbs up; 10/10; ***** out of *****. I've never been a fan of the sword and sorcery genre . I'm surprised film companies decide to make rubbish like THE BEASTMASTER, HAWK THE SLAYER and RED SONJA but I am aware of the popularity of JRR Tolkien's massive novel LORD OF THE RINGS and of it's popularity , I remember in a survey carried out by a very well known British fantasy/SF magazine in 1987 Tolkien's book was voted the greatest fantasy novel of all time ( THE STAND by Stephen King was a long way second ) , but it's a novel that has always struck me as being read by anoraks who - like fans of STAR TREK and STAR WARS - insist on reading subtexts that are just not there . When the THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RINGS shot to number one in the IMDb top 250 films I put the popularity down to obsessed anorakish fans who were going to vote the film a classic no matter what . Stranger still I found groups as diverse as neo Nazis to gays to enviromentalists proclaiming " This is our film " so when I finally sat down to watch TFOTR I was expecting only some average entertainment for a non sad person with no political axe to grind . After seeing the film I had to admit THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING is a masterpiece .Much of the credit must go to the producers . I 've no idea of the politics about bringing the story to the silver screen but I can imagine the Hollywood bigwigs sitting around the commitee table saying " Give us Tom , give us Nicole , get Harrison , get Leonardo . No limeys . Limeys are slimy . No limey accents . We're Americans , this is our baby " to which the producers gave a firm and resounding " No " . Good for them because the Hollywood treatment would have ruined this film. The cast comprised of well known - but not megastar - actors and unknowns are uniformally excellent even the normally hammy Lee and Rhys Davis and the bland Tyler are good . Also great to see so many Brits playing good guys and having the American actors adopting non specific British accents .The cast do a good jobThe other production values are outstanding . Pride of place goes to Andrew Lesnie's cinematography where the camera sweeps down from the sky into the Orcs underground lair and the camera also shows off the stunning New Zealand landscapes . I'd always believed Scotland had the greatest scenery on Earth but I'm willing to change my mind . The FX are good throughout though perhaps the matte backgrounds and CGI are less impressive in places but they're still a lot better than we've been used to recently . The Orc make up is wonderful and helps them become classic cinema monsters . The only bad point about the Orcs is - Like the stormtroopers in STAR WARS - they're too easy to kill .There are some minor flaws to THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RINGS but this is probably down to Tolkien's source novel rather than the film makers . A couple of times the heroes seem set to suffer a resounding defeat when something not obvious at first like flammable villains or a giant eagle saves the day . I guess this is cancelled out by the dangers and adversaries also appearing from nowhere and there's little female perspective in the story for the women in the audience to relate to but come on girls you've got Viggo Mortensen and Sean Bean acting all hunky and macho so you can't complain.I see the IMDb reviewers have started a backlash against FOTR like they did with TITANIC and GLADIATOR . They're right about the gawd awful rubbish that is TITANIC but they're wrong about GLADIATOR which is a very good film and even further wrong about THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING which is a cinematic masterpiece. Ignore their criticisms . Any film that is praised by people as diverse as fans of the book , people who have never read the book , enviromentalists and cynics like myself is worth your time watching . I'm really looking forward to THE TWO TOWERS Nearly 20 ish years and this film still bangs,Absolute banger,Pure cinimatic masterpiece For those of you like myself who are fans of the books of the same name,you will not be disappointed by this movie. Unlike the animated versions that have previously been made where much of the story was condensed either for budgetary constraints or time limits, the Fellowship of the Ring while it does take a few shortcuts, there are very few. It is very exciting getting to see places that up until now have been purely figments of my imagination portrayed by someones elses imagination on the silver screen. I felt myself holding my breath waiting to see the various locations of middle earth and how others have dreamed of them. The movie does a breathtaking job in transporting the viewer to this other world and does so with magic good enough to be from the hand of Gandalf himself. Yes, there are places where for dramatic reasons or to prevent a lengthy historical context that certain events from the book were either shortened, modified or changed. These changes however do not change the storyline itself and makes for a very entertaining movie. I do feel however that if you are one of the uninitiated, it would serve you to either read the book before going, or immediately after the film pick up a copy and read it as it will provide more breadth to the story than what an almost three hour film can portray. In addition, there are several scenes in the book that while not central to the main story, add more to the lore of middle earth and help to explain some of the history leading up to the time of the story. The characterizations in the film were very well done and the choices of the actors to play the hobbits were perfect. While I was somewhat anxious to have Elijah Wood as Frodo and Sean Astin as Samwise, after seeing how well they were portrayed on film left me no doubt that these actors did a very admirable job bringing the characters to life. The majority of the cast has some English accent which was my main concern. Both the principle American actors portrayed a passable English type accent themselves which helped prevent them standing out on their own. How the filmmakers made several average height men such as Wood and Astin, and probably more so John Rhys Davies as Gimli appear much smaller than their Elvish or human companions is spellbinding. Special effects in this movie while at first don't really seem to be that obvious eventually take on a more obvious tone as the fellowship moves further into the adventure. As one would expect from a magical world, many things which we take for granted from reading the books are very difficult to accurately portray in a live action presentation. The filmmakers not only did a good job, they surpassed by far my expectations and truly made the experience an enjoyable and fulfilling one. As with any film where there will be sequels coming out, the ending left me longing for December 2002 to follow our adventurers further on their quest.I will caution parents who are thinking of taking their children to see this movie that it is not a movie made or intended for children. Much Parental Guidance and forethought should be taken before taking children under 12 to this film. Aside from a film which lasts almost three hours in length where much of the dialogue while important to the story is not well suited to entertain small children. In addition, several of the creatures created for the film will probably terrify younger audiences. If you want to take your children to see this film, I might caution you to view it without them first and then decide to take them on your own judgement. Hey, if you do see it first without them, you can see it again right? I plan on seeing it more than once anyway. All in all, this is a well developed motion picture where a great deal of thought went into it's development and execution. I am thankful to the filmmakers for having the courage to tackle such a well known, well loved story with an audience that has a very well organized preconceived notion of how they view the world of Tolkien. The filmmakers did the book justice and that is the bottom line unlike Bakshi's version of 1978 which was a disappointment at best and unfinished as it's final release turned out to be. I absolutely love this movie, partly because the acting is really good, but also for the CGI effects and the good storyline. I watched the extended version and realized that it isn't boring like some people think because some people I know think that FOTR is quite a lengthy movie because of all the talking, but in my opinion, if there's not talking, there's no story! If they just jumped to the fighting scenes without any of the introduction, then you won't know where the movie started from. I love the scenes where they get to fight, whether Orcs or Nazgul, the fighting scenes are still the climax of the movie.Another good movie to see after FOTR is TTT, of course. It is the second part of this great trilogy and there are more climatic scenes. Most probably, you'll enjoy that more than FOTR but don't shun this movie just because it's a bit lengthy.Overall, it's a great movie to see and it is really worth spending the money to buy/rent the extended/special DVD to watch too. Definitely a 10 out of 10 on my scale! Actually, in my opinion, 10/10 doesn't even come close! There's a very obvious problem when transferring any book to the big screen, namely that some of us may already have seen it. It's not that the story holds no surprises (save for the occasional controversies that surround the fate of characters like Hannibal Lecter), it's just that many of us have already read the book, and thus we've already directed our own version of the story. We've already seen it in our mind's eye. And this is the problem that plagues The Fellowship of The Ring. You'll see a lot of reviews here proclaiming it as nothing short of the second coming of cinema, and a few that dare to knock its serious shortcomings. Let me clear this up right now. The first issue that many may raise is that this is not a faithful adaptation of the book. Quite right, while taking pains to ensure that they stayed faithful to the novel, Jackson et al have not simply been able to lift their screenplay directly from its pages without a few necessary changes. There is a great deal of mindfulness in the film about the portion of the audience (and it will be large) who are unfamiliar with the novels.Accordingly a great deal more emphasis has been placed upon pacing and storytelling more appropriate to a classic film narrative. Hence we need to see Gandalf's protracted bid to escape the clutches of Isenguard interspersed with the Hobbit's journey to Rivendell. It simply isn't appropriate to expect an audience to bear with the Hobbits' journey, no matter how good the actors are or how enthralling the story is, for upwards of an hour without constant reminders of the films other protagonists OR the threat of the evil they face. Having Gandalf just turn up at Rivendell and tell his story via CGI-filled flashbacks simply wouldn't have had the necessary effect. Secondly, the omission and reworking of characters. Yes, it was sad that Bakshi felt his animation didn't need Tom Bombadill, and given that he features strongly in Tolkien's other works this has to be frowned upon by the die-hard fanatics, but introducing diverting, but ultimately pointless episodes into the list of the challenges the Hobbits face is hardly going to keep you riveted to your seat is it? I mean, a man who stops the Hobbits being eaten, very slowly, by a tree with his power of song is just quite frankly ludicrous in this day and age. The film is already stretching the audience's suspension of disbelief as far as it can go. Hence the chaff of Bombadill is cut. He isn't relevant to the rest of the story so he can be done without. It's sad for Tolkien fans for him not to be there but there's only so much celluloid available, even with a film this long. And yes, Arwen Undomiel never saved Frodo from the Dark Riders, but please, remember your girlfriend needs to have something to sink her teeth into as well, not just midgets and men with beards looking mean or scared as they fight monsters. So, for gender representation and a bid to prevent half the potential market (please remember that like all film, this is a product to be packaged and sold) her character gets a drastic overhaul. Go sister! There are numerous other issues relevant to the faithfulness of the adaptation from novel to screenplay but please, let's be content with what we've got here. It's a hard task to do all this well and Jackson, along with the rest of the boys and girls at Wingnut and WETA, should be commended for what they have achieved. That said there are some definite flaws in the film, even those that can't be overlooked by justifying the needs to relate to the popcorn and nachos audience. Firstly, we've got the Fellowship itself. Now, Merry and Pippin, while not really being established as Frodo's friends and thus not having the same kind of bond with him as they do in the novel are moderately well integrated. However, at the arrival of Boromir, Gimili and Legolas we just get left in the dark. None of these three characters, all representing important races, cultures and locations of the world of Middle Earth are given no more than token arrival-shots to introduce them, and little or no back-story as to how they came to be where they are or why they feel compelled to join Frodo's quest. Offering their various weapons is noble, and it sounds fantastic in the trailer, but when we finally get down to it we just don't know who they are or what they're about. Accordingly we don't ever really have time to care about any of these three, save for Legolas whose fighting proficiency alone makes him stand out. Sadly, Sean Bean is allowed little more than to switch from foreboding bad guy to friendly companion and back again (thus betraying his characters ultimate fate from the first time he opens his mouth) and John Rhys Davis is left with little more to do than scowl and look short. It doesn't help that both these characters seem to get a pretty raw deal for screen time, especially Gimli, who is barely in the film at all. We won't even begin to go into the seemingly superficial relationship we see between Sam and Frodo. All of this is indeed a shame. The film's greatest strength after its story are its strong characters. However, whereas in the book they have the space to develop and flesh themselves out here they have little more to do than look in awe at Gandalf, perhaps not with a humble air so much as a wonder that he's being allowed to soak up all the screen time. And yes, what you've heard is true; the fight sequences are shockingly bad. Well, perhaps that IS an overstatement. The fight sequences aren't exactly bad, they're riddled with good ideas and clever moves, but the camerawork and editing is so erratic that you'll have a hard time picking out anything to inspire awe or respect. The problem here is that the benchmarks for on screen fighting have all been established nowadays by The Matrix, Crouching Tiger and The Phantom Menace, and all of these films use lengthy shots to allow us to soak up the fight imaginative fight choreography, rather than have us crane our necks and dart about the screen with our eyeballs trying to glimpse it like a rare bird or nipple-flash at a premiere. Now, these, yet again, are only a few of the problems. There's the geography of Middle Earth, some ropey special effects moments and the clumsy ending to deal with. But you can read the books and see the film for yourself; I've already typed enough about all that here. BUT, now that I've just spent the main chunk of this review telling you about the shortcomings of The Fellowship of the Rings as both a movie and an adaptation let me tell you, it is good, exceptionally good. There is no denying that the storyline itself, acting, effects, props, sets and so on and so forth are all spot on. Visually the film is a triumph and WETA has now, without question placed itself ahead of Industrial Light and Magic in terms of industry leading special effects. There are bags of style to proceedings, with some sequences displaying the sheer amount of vision of the whole team to bring somewhat vague sections of the novel to life.All parts are played to perfection by the cast, and the casting is literally some of the best and most appropriate seen in years, none of this who-hot-and-who's-not Jerry Bruckheimer trash, it's a case of the best possible person for the part at every stage of the film. We'll give particular credit to Sir Ian Mckellan, Christopher Lee, Ian Holm and Elijah Wood again here. No doubt they've had scores of favourable and loving reviews already but these performances truly are worth mentioning just once again. The film is a masterpiece from start to finish. Yes, it does take perseverance, no it's not entirely faithful to Tolkien's work and there are some serious flaws, but in a year that has been so barren of even five decent mainstream movies I think it's safe to say that no matter when this film had been released it would have outshone its competitors. Minor SpoilersI finally got to see the Lord of the Rings a few days ago in the theatre and I must I was very thrilled see a huge movie of this stature. For months I wanted to see this because of several reasons but the biggest one of them was Christopher Lee! I knew he was going to be awesome in this movie which he was.This cast was great and it was a treat seeing Ian Holm in it aswell.I knew LOTR was going to be one of the greatest movies ever and I just love the scenery in this movie and the special effects were flawless and it has great music by Howard Shore. There was so much in the three hour movie that I can`t explain it all but I will say it has great battles and sword fights,and seeing the variety of character is neat like wizards,trolls,dwarfs,hobbits,elvs,and among other creatures and a awesome prolouge.This in MY opinion ranks up in the greatest of films and this is on MY favorites list now just not fantasy movies like Willow and Legend but other of MY favorites like other great films such The Mummy/The Mummy Returns,Planet of the Apes (2001),Jurassic Park trilogy,Star Wars (all four of them),Gladiator,Terminator 2,Predator,and others.I just can`t wait for the sequels to come.Be sure to get all of the LOTR action figures by Toy Biz and they look great! I was very happy to see this film and I hope everyone gets a chance to see this epic! Guardians of the Galaxy is a pleasantly surprising SyFy thriller for this generation. The film stars Chris Pratt as Peter aka Star-Lord, Zoe Saldana as Gamora, Bradley Cooper as the voice of Rocket, Vin Diesel as the voice of Groot, and Dave Bautista as Drax. This all-star cast does an amazing job bringing these characters to life. If you like any of the Marvel Avengers movies you will love the humor and action of this family-friendly film.
Peter is a human from planet Earth that has a bounty on his head when Rocket, a talking raccoon that was developed in a lab, and Grout a walking tree come along and try to capture him to collect the bounty on him. In the meantime, Gamora comes along trying to steal the Orb that Peter has in his possession. This group of misfits that end up crossing paths, all at the same time, end up being put into prison where they meet Drax. Drax lost his family at the hands of Gamora's gang, therefore Drax wants revenge and to kill her. This group of enemies ends up having to rely on each other to escape prison. In the beginning, they are trying to kill one another or use each other for personal gain. In order to ensure their personal gain, they end up having to try and keep one another alive. By protecting each other they begin to create a bond.
I feel that the music along with the special effects that were used for this film is what makes it great. The music speaks to what is happening in the film and the emotions that the character is feeling at that time. They were consistent and the use of the music shows the time frame in which Peter left Earth.
The differences in the feeling during the scenes are also shown in the lighting and special effects. The lighting and special effects during the fight scenes show quicker cuts, as opposed to the times during the film when the characters are more relaxed, in which the director pans across the scene moving with the characters.
The director and the all-star cast pull the audience in and do an excellent job bringing the characters to life while leaving them asking what could be next for this group of friends. If you like humor in your SyFy films you will love this cinematic sensation. This film is perfect entertainment. Sheer bliss from end to end.
Watch it, laugh out loud and enjoy. I don't know how marvel did that but man this movie was something, TBH I wasn't sure if that movie will success because It sounded like silly for me when I heard about talking raccoon and tree, suddenly they became one of my favorite characters in the MCU , Sorry marvel I was wrong. This movie was so good it had incredible acting and a great plot. This movie is so awesome if you have not seen it watch it! It is a very fun and entertaining film. The story and screenplay is amazing. The direction by James Gunn is awesome. The CGI and visual effects of the film are outstanding. The film is one of the best MCU films humor wise. The performances of the cast are great. All the main characters are very likable. Definitely a must watch even if you aren't a superhero movie lover. Guardians of the Galaxy is nothing short of an amazing movie. If there's anything I can say, it's that it is the best superhero movie I have seen. Not only does it have the impressive set pieces and enough action to last you a lifetime, it has an emotional core and you actually get to care about each and every single character. Overall this movie is filled with all the required thrills and spills and is a first class action movie. It also has a great mixture of comedic value and a deal of seriousness. The film's unlikely hero is Quill (Chris Pratt), an eccentric gunfighter in the Han Solo mould who we meet stealing a metal orb coveted by the evil warlord Ronan. When he dispatches his top assassin, the green- skinned Gamora (Zoe Saldana), to recover the artifact, the pair find themselves locked up, along with the galaxy's most unlikely bounty hunters – a gun-toting raccoon (Bradley Cooper) and his sidekick (Vin Diesel) who just happens to be a walking tree. All the actors do a great job at portraying there characters, they feel real beings. You get to know about them and their struggles and you become attached to them. Every character in the movie got their time to shine, especially Rocket Raccoon who is voiced perfectly by Bradley Cooper. Everyone is pitch perfect in their roles even Batista! For those that want specifics: effects were top notch, acting was excellent, story lines were compelling, the comedy was perfect 99.5% of the time and surprise there were a lot of one line typical superhero zingers that worked really well. What really can't be stressed enough is just how insanely fun and entertaining Guardians of the Galaxy is for literally its entire two-hour-plus run-time. I still have a hard time wrestling with who was my favorite actor in this. all in all, the film is brilliantly well done, action scenes are engrossing and genuinely done, you genuinely worry about certain characters and I for one was thrilled with it. Go see this. Just let yourself be taken in! A sad beginning morphed into the most joyous of movies and the soundtrack is brilliant.Just let yourself enjoy I entitle my review A New Hope as I walk out of the cinema feeling like I have just watched the Star Wars of our generation!As a huge Marvel fan (both comics and film) I was delighted to hear this film was getting made with the perfect choice of Guardians and what a perfect cast to play them. The biggest surprise for me was Dave Bautista who I thought was only cast for his size but his delivery was spot on for Drax. Chris Pratt was hilarious whilst still excellent at delivering some of the films most emotional scenes.CGI in this film was super, there's nothing I hate more than too much CGI in a film but it was so good in Guardians that I was completely lost in it. Never have a seen space look so good, the battles were incredible and Groot and Rocket never looked out of place (aside from being a tree and raccoon).Gunn is the perfect director for this, his tone, his balance of comedy, action and emotion blended perfectly and directing GOTG would have been no easy job. DC are still trying hard to get Justice League going, Marvel just made a film with a talking tree and Raccoon and it was AWESOME!!!Not a bad performance all round and comic fans will be happy with certain nods and winks scattered throughout. Probably my top Marvel film yet, it has the fresh new feeling the first Iron Man had with all the action and humour of The Avengers. 10 stars from me, even if your not a comic book or sci-fi fan, this movie has something for everyone. This movie was everything I wanted from scifi movie Nothing I can add to this amazing work of art, to me no scifi compares, it blows away star wars...sorry!! The cast is magical, the story phenomenal, the special effects and the 3d un paralleled, this will become a classic film right at the top!! The comedy is mixed in perfectly, we've watched this film at least 20 times, 3 times in the theater and the rest at home in brilliant 3d bluray!!! It gets better everytime we see it. Thank you to the cast and crew for a huge feel good , lose yourself for 2 hours work of art!!!!! This movie is one of my favorite movies of marvel, it is funny and thrilling. Great expectations before the film, definitely, and they really paid off. Guardians of the Galaxy is one of the best Marvel films to date, and a really good sci-fi at that too. The film is strong on so many levels, outstanding characters, great worlds, is emotional and humorous.Peter Quill, or Star Lord as he likes to call himself, is a quick-witted man of Earth thrown into the far reaches of galaxy, who has stolen an artifact that everyone seems to want. By accident he stumbles upon four other characters, Gamora the assassin, Drax the Destroyer, Rocket the enhanced raccoon and Groot the humanoid tree, and the five of them form an unlikely team. The characters are really well presented, their emotional core is strong and back stories engaging. In short, they're interesting and easy to like. All of them have great moments and keep us wanting for more and more. Rocket, in particular, steals the show with his anger management problems and bright one-liners. It was great to see a group of people each with their own agenda come together, this dynamic worked really well. Star-Lord carried a lot of this weight, and was very sympathetic.The film doesn't take itself very seriously, which was refreshing to see after also great yet darker themes of Thor and Captain America 2's. Guardians has a lot of laughs, witty dialogue, characters rub off on each other (and the audience), writing is perfect. The film is so entertaining, non-stop adventure but also knows when to balance with more dramatic themes. Scenery and worlds are spectacular, visual effects top notch. As a reader of the Guardians comics it was great to see some smaller motifs thrown in that may not be necessarily caught by regular viewers, but which the comic book readers will definitely be thankful for too.All in all, Guardians of the Galaxy was an awesome watch. Amazing characters, vivid cinematography, great dialogue, lots of humor, soundtrack was nice, story exciting. This wonderful adventure and its captivating characters will be in mind for a long time. (Rating: 12A, 121 mins) Written by Zen Terrelonge Starring – Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Bradley Cooper, Dave Bautista, Vin DieselIf you've seen the trailers for Guardians of the Galaxy, you'd be within your rights to think Marvel Studio execs have been hitting the bottle hard or taking LSD.The film revolves around a group of dysfunctional but goodhearted criminals – think Robin Hood's Merry Men of the future – comprising human thief Peter Quill aka Star-Lord (Pratt), green assassin Gamora (Saldana), talking raccoon Rocket (Cooper), knife-wielding Drax the Destroyer (Bautista), and walking tree Groot (Diesel).Like the Avengers, the Guardians get off to a false start but soon unite over a common cause, namely, the galaxy being obliterated by genocidal maniac, Ronan – not Keating – the Accuser.Ah yes, the old, let's-exterminate-everyone-for-the-mistakes-of-their-forefathers ploy.But unlike Avengers Assemble, Guardians of the Galaxy oozes offbeat originality and frankly, it's the most unique and delightful film Marvel has created to date.It's a hell of an achievement given the extensive movie library the company is building up and when you consider the characters aren't household names like 'big three' Iron Man, Thor and Captain America, but Marvel seems well aware of that fact with the final production risky to say the least.The film opens in 1988, which is when Quill is abducted from Earth, and 26 years later we see he's become a crooked intergalactic outlaw with a taste for all things shiny, valuable and not his.Given the distinct decade in which he was taken, his cassette player and mixtape of 70s and 80s tracks are laced throughout the film, which creates a quirky yet grounded quality in the midst of all of the dazzling interstellar warfare that takes place along the way.In addition to the soundtrack, jokes and comedy have never been more of a feature in a Marvel film – perhaps Iron Man 3 was the closest – as gags are thrown into the unlikeliest of scenarios to lessen the tension, and I would imagine, to really differentiate itself from Avengers Assemble, Star Wars and Star Trek, which by comparison are left looking very sombre.That said, if you were going to compare Pratt's Quill to someone, the character is quite reminiscent of Chris Pine's Captain James Kirk – smart, womanising, reckless leaders, who eventually find their feet.The editing is supreme and makes each bit of dialogue super-sharp and tight, so when the infamous five are bickering or talking generally, the repartee all feels really clean and natural without being awkward or forced.Thor can be stubborn, Iron Man can be arrogant and Captain America is considered too stiff, but all of the Guardians bring even more wildly different qualities to the table and offer some diversity that doesn't ever grate or bore, which wouldn't have been possible without such excellent casting.Meanwhile, the film is very much in the here and now, with Quill's backstory the only one that truly gets a look-in, which creates a sense of intrigue about his colleagues who only have their pasts hinted at, meaning sequel fodder.There's just no way of knowing where you're going and tonally the movie delivers a piece of everything and it's done big and without hesitation.Guardians may have been a gamble, but I'm Grooting for it to Rocket to the top.10/10 I know, I know. This will incontrovertibly attract a lot of hate from die-hard Dark Knight fans, but guess what? I'm one of those who thinks Nolan is the epitome of how to make a perfect superhero spectacle. Or at least, I was until tonight. This film will blow your mind. Quite literally, it is jam-packed with edge-of-your-seat action thrills and pure comedic gold. Don't be expecting a moody companion piece like that of Nolan's trilogy, or Man of Steel. It keeps more in touch with Avengers, although it's a lot funnier and really builds upon the upcoming Infinity Gauntlet arc. The actors are incredible, matching the character developments, the dialogue and action sequences are spectacular and the visual effects should surely earn a nod come Oscar time, as I'd personally put them on par with those seen in the recent Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. The run length compliments the well-scripted pacing of the movie itself, whilst plenty of interesting secondary characters litter Guardians with an ensemble cast that has exceeded anything yet seen in the Marvel/DC movie worlds. I don't pertain to the DC versus Marvel argument, but this masterpiece alone has certainly put Marvel on the front foot in terms of cinema outings, far surpassing the very enjoyable Man of Steel and, I believe, edging out Nolan's trilogy and then some. I thoroughly recommend this for any with a borderline sci-fi/superhero love, and advise you to remain for the tantalising post-credits scene, although many of the non-comic fans might not get the references. Easily a perfect ten out of ten for me. Guardians of the Galaxy touched my heart. Both movies are exceptional in their own way. They're apart from marvel superhero movies. What I mean is even if it wasn't a marvel movie I'd recommend that to everybody who loves to have a good time while watching a movie of that quality. At first I was skeptical about superhero movies with galaxy adventures, but when I was forced to watch it to prepare for avenger movies I was surprised. It catches you from the first seconds when Quill starts to dance to the the classical pop hit ' come and get your love '.Usually it's my habit to talk about the cinematography and the acting which was a great experience. A very quality motion picture movie. The plot is so magical all of them have so much in common and you feel for them cause all of them had calamities. The character developing is wonderful. I don't wanna spoil to much so I don't go farther into detail.A little note for my personal self: I'm also happy for Dave Bautista, cause I grew up as a teenager watching him at WWE. To see him breakthrough with this role is amazing. I'm so proud of him. He fits his role so perfect.The plot is awesome and entertaining and never loses its pace. It also connects directly to the following big movies ( if you know what I mean ).Can't tell anything bad about the costumes and makeup or shall I say makeover ?! So good !!The music is totally my taste. I love different kind of musics and I grew up with pop and rock. So to see them bring up some classic pop hits back is wonderful. It automatically puts you onto a positive vibe. That's my experience. Always got love for these kinda movies. I watched both movies for the second time yesterday. I had a feeling to share a review cause this movie deserves more awards and appreciation. I wish they had won an Oscar for at least one category like cinematography, costumes or best soundtrack.I can't wait for Volume III ! They should really call themselves the best film of 2014, because that is what it is! Anyway as you can probably tell, this is my review for the new Marvel movie Guardians of the Galaxy. They're like the B-Rate Avengers and on a different planet. Xandar to be exact. Anywho's, the plot. The Plot: A human adventurer teams up with a band of alien misfits to save the galaxy.Now, first I wanna say this. The soundtrack was freaking awesome. You have songs from Hooked on a Feeling by Blue Swede, I Want You Back by The Jackson 5, and many awesome songs like that, these songs were on Peter Quill's mix tape. Next, the opening scene. Wow. One of the most emotional opening scenes in Marvel film history. Not gonna spoil it, but all I'm saying is that it has one of the most epic transitions from scene to film studio logo ever seen. I mean, the music is swelling, and then the Marvel Studios logo theme (thats a bit different) begins, and after it finishes, it starts up the awesomeness that is Guardians of the Galaxy.Now, onto the actors. First, Chris Pratt as Peter Quill a.k.a. Starlord. A big badass who has one of the best mixtapes I've ever heard and who is one of the most badass characters in the Marvel films. We also have Zoe Saldana playing a green woman named Gamora. And knowing Zoe Saldana, she's awesome in almost every role. And this one is no exception. She absolutely kills it as Gamora. Her fighting skills are awesome as always. Now, the next actor has to be one of the most muscled badasses in this film. His name is Dave Bautista a.k.a. Drax the Destroyer. He was a freaking badass fighter in this one! I know I keep saying badass, but there aren't anymore words to describe these characters. The final two characters I have to mention are also badass. First we have Groot. Voiced and sometimes played by Vin Diesel. He was really good as Groot, even though the only thing he could ever say was I Am Groot. And last but not least, I have to mention the badass that is Bradley Cooper as Rocket Racoon. Oh... my... god he was freaking awesome!! He had some witty one liners after every action. He was a very cocky character I must say. I'm serious, everything he says, he always has a witty remark to everything that goes on!The bad guy. Ronan the Accuser played by Lee Pace. People say that he wasn't as good as they hoped. But I gotta say, he was a massive menacing awesome villain. The backstory of Ronan includes him having a bit of a feud with Drax, because as heard in the trailer, Ronan killed Drax's family, and thus the feud was born. Drax, while focusing on being a Guardian of the Galaxy, has a major score to settle with Ronan. And for a fellow IMDBian smnam, I'm gonna talk about a certain character that goes by the name of The Collector. Played by Benicio Del Toro, he may only have about 1 or 2 scenes, but he is quite good in this. After his minor role in the end credits of THOR: The Dark World, in GotG, you see more of him and why he's called The Collector. He has a ton of stuff in his collection, including cosmonaut dog, and another item that is seen at the very end of the credits, I'm not gonna tell you. It's a surprise.Right, enough about the film before I give too much away, let's get onto the final score.The film was badass, director James Gunn did a fantastic job on bringing the B-Rate Avengers to life, the actors who played the Guardians were awesome, so I am giving this my biggest rating yet. Bigger than the rating I gave Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, Godzilla and How To Train Your Dragon 2 combined. I am giving the badass of awesomeness film, a 1000/10!!!Telling you now, this year has been a badass year of film. We've had awesome films like The LEGO Movie, Godzilla, Maleficent, X-Men: Days of Future Past, 22 Jump Street, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, and now we have Guardians of the Galaxy. And it was awesome!!Hope you like my longest review I've ever written, I am Shane-O, and I approve this message.P.S. Stay for the end credits. You'll be in for the funniest and greatest end credit scenes in Marvel movie history. That's all I'm saying. I absolutely love this movie. This was one of the MCUs biggest risks yet. Taking a talking raccoon and a tree and pairing them up with a group of misfits seems like a wacky idea but boy did it payoff. The comedy is balanced throughout the movie brilliantly and the acting is top notch. The plot also works really well in this movie. As funny as this movie is it can even get emotional when it needs to be without coming across as goofy. I highly recommend this film for anyone! This was a great movie...
But what does this have to do with the marvel people? When I first saw this, I enjoyed the scene where Peter meets Rocket and Groot along with Gamora. The fight was cool. Then, they meet Drax. In the end, I thought Groot died, but found out they had to plant him. Now he is baby Groot! This movie was great! WORTH IT!! FUNNY AND AWESOME!! One of the greatest Marvel movies, if not the greatest! Guardians of the Galaxy cleverly mixes comedy and superhero action and makes something extremely awesome, the relationships/friendships between all of these characters feels real, and Groot, oh my god! I drew so much fan art for Groot, he is the greatest character in the entire movie and I absolutely love him. Chris Pratt also delivers an excellent performance as Star Lord and his mask is pretty cool as well. Overall, I have barely any issues with this movie that are severe, all of the characters have great depth and amazing performances. I cannot wait to see what James Gunn does with 'The Suicide Squad' in 2021, because it looks like he really knows what he is doing with the superhero genre.Guardians of the Galaxy is one of the greatest films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and possibly one of the greatest of the decade. This movie looks extremely good on the big screen and blu-ray, if you come across the blu-ray for this film, I highly recommend that you buy it because the effects are very impressive and some of the best I have seen in any other movie that has come out this decade. I will put out my greatest superhero films of the decade list out on IMDB very soon, expect Deadpool to be number one, because... SPOILERS: it is.Grade: A+ I remember like it was yesterday when watching guardians of the galaxy I was 9 years old when the movie came out I was honestly really excited for the movie even though I was not familiar with the superhero's and I do have to admit I think guardians is better than avengers there's something about guardians I like better than the avengers is how the guardians met each other now let's get into movie first of all the movie has a fantastic soundtrack like with opening of Star lord dancing and how guardians met each other and when I heard they were making a movie like the avengers I was hyped my favorite character out the characters had to be rocket raccoon because he is funny for example when gamora cut one of groot's arm groot was sad and then rocket said it grow back you stupid idiot quit whining the cgi is wonderful and the special effects are amazing eventually the characters get into prison and the characters are trying to get out this when the movie gets interesting when the team are discussing a plan to get out the prison but then groot remove the battery and then they fight the security for the prison Also forget to mention Ronan in the movie but he is a excellent villian like when Star lord is fighting him in the final scene of the movie and the saddest part of the movie is that griot sacrificed himself for the team which is a pretty sad death it happens at the end of the movie honestly guardians of the galaxy is also one of my favorite 5 mcu movies and my favorite movie of 2014 so if you love the avengers you going to love the guardians of the galaxy it's a great movie trust me. Warning for spoiler guys.I've never heard of this title before, neither read the comics and I was clueless about this when I watched the trailer. It looked like just some sort of space wars battling out like galaga and it was nothing special to me, until I went to the cinema and watched it. And after 2 hrs, I left the place totally mind blown and laughing and giggling with their lines, especially with "I am Groot" which I kept repeating with my nephew. Such fun times!The movie immediately caught my attention with it's opening. It was very emotional, really made me focus on the connection of the first character, and then just after the abduction here comes the most amazing intro of Marvel that is the most coolest intro in all of MCU movies. It moves towards Peter Quill now dancing and singing and it was like that moment is so fun that if I had this movie on DVD, I'd watch that dance a hundred times together with that song of Red Bone! The following scenarios would be epic and I must say the scene in the prison where they all met together is the best place for them to meet. It felt so cool that all 5 of them would work together on a similar cause despite them having different principles and perspective on their own.From then on everything was just interesting and fun. It never subsides and all of the characters were fun, emotional, interesting and enjoyable to watch. The plot and story is so amazingly cool to hook me up and there was no boring part, all pure action, laugh, awesomeness and touching scenes. Rocket, Groot and Drax are the most fun characters in the movie, especially Groot and Peter Quill winning the funniest acts that made the whole audience in that place laughed for like 15 seconds straight and clapped their hands in pure majestic resounding loudness.Rocket and Groot are one amazing tandem. I never recognized Bradley Cooper's voice actually. Their lines were epic and it digs deep into my mind. This movie is the only movie to establish and rig those movie lines inside my mind without forgetting them. They've kept on repeating inside my mind like I just won the lottery with magic numbers. The CGI of these 2 characters is flawless and just fit the mood of the whole movie.Peter Quill, Gamora and Drax really brought it up to top notch with their insane acting skills. Chris Pratt nailed the character and I felt that amusement again when I first watched Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark/Iron Man. He's now a movie blockbuster superstar I guarantee it, together with Zoe and Dave. Dave being one of the most funniest wrestler turned actor I've ever seen. He hooked the audiences with his line that "Nothing goes over his head", epic, just Epic.From start to finish this movie grabbed my butt rock steady on my seat with amusement and amazement. Definitely the best movie of Marvel in par with Avengers. Congratulations to the new stars of this movie, Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Dave Bautista, Bradley Cooper and Vin Diesel and to the wonderful works of Director James Gunn and company, thank you for this memorable and amazing movie of the decade! Well if the universe has the corner stone of idiots this is it. Guardians of the galaxy comprised of five dolts who come together in the face of total annihilation from what is known as the Infinifty stone. A relic of ancient past where its properties are made up of the building blocks that created the universe itself. It could be used to create or to destroy. Between planets is a man named Quill who at a younger age was abducted from earth by an alien trash race lead by Yondu Udonta (Micheal Rooker) after his mother died from severe cancer.Some fifteen years later he becomes a relic hunter and not always by legal means. During his last trek to an abandoned planet he comes across this stone housed in an orb but is confronted by a league of trackers lead by Korath (Djimon Hounsou) who works for Ronan (Lee Pace). Ronan is by no means a nice guy. In fact he only wants the stone for revenge against another race who used the stones power to alter the natural means of creation but was destroyed in doing so. Taking ronan's people with them he vowed revenge at any cost.Now with quill's group is Drax (Dave Bautista) Gamora (Zoe Saldana) Groot (Voiced By Vin Diesel) and last is the over emotional Rocket (Bradley Cooper) who looks like a raccoon. Together they put aside their differences... that is to stop trying to kill each other and put an end to ronan from destroying the entire universe in the process. In many ways this movie holds a great deal of emotions from beginning to end. Passionate, anger, betrayal, the kind of self centred pessimism one looks for in another in order to get their point across no matter the cost.It is a big universe where many alien life forms dwell including Quill's own father who had kept his identity a secret from his family. Quill only learnt his entire being is half Terran, and half earth. Knowing this he decides to change over a new leaf to become a guardian with his new found friends and try to get along without throwing a fit. I had a great time watching this with the new characters, new action, and wonderful retro music that just somehow fit to quill's character. What I also found interesting is seeing how the other half lives out there in the deepest parts of space. Come to think of it they are not all that dissimilar from anyone else.Each has a family, dreams, goals, even opportunities which presents themselves evil or not. I give it ten stars for originality, music, special effects, and wonderful actors including an Oscar winner Benicio Del Toro who plays the pawn master that appraises the stone's value. Guardians of the galaxy is much better than Galaxy Quest for its story line, and optimistic characters. You couldn't take your eyes off of any alien in this film it is that well made. Highly recommended to all ages above 14. Excellent addition to the summer. Watched this today at the iMAX Manchester. I love watching movies at the cinema, and have felt slightly cheated on a few recent movies that disappointed and appeared to be more of a cash cow: Taken 2 springs to mind, but there are others. The premise to this film excited me, as did the cast involved: a Marvel movie with a raccoon, a tree-shaping humanoid and adorable bodyguard, the amazing Chris Pratt (watch it and be enchanted/amazed by his stellar performance), Vin Diesel as 'Groot' who you will *love* by the end (trust me) and the surprisingly excellent David Bautista, whose comic delivery is sublime. The action is well throttled and not OTT. The perfection lies between the tangible chemistry between the main players and the razor sharp comedic script - it just works, trust me. The icing on the cake is the soundtrack throughout, it was well judged and impeccable. We all left the cinema dabbing tears of laughter from one of the final 'Groot' scenes. Honestly, this movie ticked all the boxes and more - best movie ever. Guardians of the Galaxy is one of the least known comic books of Marvel. The only reason why the whole world, aside of the fans of the source material, are going to see this because it's a Marvel production, but we should all admit that apart from the comic geek world, nobody knew who Rocket Racoon and Groot were before the film was announced, nobody heard of Starlord before Chris Pratt was attached to the project, and most people hardly knew what it is actually about. While many are still seeking for a Doctor Strange or an Ant-Man movie, we should first get to know something that haven't got enough attention before. And wondrously, these filmmakers introduce this mythology with huge love not only to its own, but also to the fantasy/adventure genre and its old classic form, which easily delivers the sheer fun. But even in the realm of explosions and zany worlds, the best parts of the journey ended up being the scenes with the characters interacting and often to engage a set of great humor and drama. That is already too much to ask for a ridiculously fun blockbuster.It is certainly a space adventure, it already offers a lot of strange alien designs and intergalactic action, but the big stuff aren't the only highlight of the movie. The film would mostly focus on its characters, nearly all of them may be aliens, but their pathos and personalities are down-to-earth. How the team was formed is the same way how The Avengers did. They aren't nice to each other, but they had to get along so they may save the world... or galaxy. But here their motivations are either for revenge or money instead of heroic pride. How they introduced themselves may be a little too over explained through their conversations. The exposition is so relied on the dialogue, but what keeps it from being exhausting is when those talks lead to a naturally clever punchline. The film is just best when the heroes are developing their sudden friendship, turning themselves from cold hearted thugs into a likable band of misfits. The film also has a big love for the seventies music, and it smartly uses it for Peter Quill's last earthly thing he'll ever possess in his otherworldly life.These parts with the characters make the action the secondary appeal of the film, but that doesn't always mean it's a bad thing. This is basically going back to the past blockbusters when rooting for the characters was more important than trying to advance the technical/style abilities. But then, it doesn't have any problem with the action, except sometimes the space battles can be hard to follow but again whenever there's a humor in it, the consistency goes back on track. It's simple fun, sometimes nostalgic piece of adventure that doesn't have to be over-serious to be outright compelling, but it also does have some drama, while it doesn't entirely embraces its sadness, it at least gives some hints behind the characters and manifests the heart and brutality of their backstories eventually. The actors are excellent indeed as they give plenty of shining and charismatic personalities to their awesome characters.The plot may not be too sharp or its villains may not be so memorable, but Guardians of the Galaxy still reaches its goal of lovingly introduces its universe to the ones who've never heard of it. Since everyone is aware that superhero movies are made for the mass more than its fans (let's have to be honest about this), this idea may not always be taken seriously, especially when comic book movies have gone to its dark and gritty era and yet this one offers us stuff like a talking tree and a gunslinging raccoon, but here it is: Guardians of the Galaxy, the movie that isn't meant to exist ending up being one of the greatest films that Marvel ever produced since Iron Man. Is it a bold choice for them? Probably, but it's really not hard having self-awareness. The triumph of the film is reliving the classic, somewhat campy space opera and marking its characters as its real deal, even when they are not as familiar as many of Marvel's heroes. In the end, it's just pure fun, the flaws are there but at some point it doesn't matter. Every moment of the film has the excitement and laugh that anyone would seek for a blockbuster, taking place in a fascinating new world that we are yet to fully explore. 