While the idea behind the movie is sorta-kinda unique (Smart House, anyone?), the actual romantic plot line was so poorly executed I couldn't even believe it.I tried to sympathize with Samantha, really I did; at first her character seemed very promising. But it turned into the most stereotypical, bland romance ever. The number of times Samantha and Theodore sighed only to have the other ask "What's wrong?" followed by "Nothing, I'm fine" was way too painful. The interactions between the two of them were so plain and boring and predictable that I found myself not caring about either of these characters at all.By the end of the film, when Samantha decided to leave, I wasn't even upset, or interested, or anything. It didn't feel as though anything significant had changed or happened.I'm sorry but two hours of watching Theodore talk to Samantha/himself was really hard to enjoy.Don't even get me started on the sex/cyber scenes. I understand what they were going for. But again, just about everything in this movie was so awkwardly executed, that simply knowing what they were intending to portray was not enough.TL;DR I just don't know what to say. The previews for this film made it look really interesting, something that might get you thinking... but ultimately it was a depressing movie all around, honestly a waste of potential, this could have been something great; instead it became a weird and melodramatic story. They could have replaced the AI Samantha with a real human being and in the end not much would have been different. I'm not sure why this film has been getting the praise it has, it was cheesy, it was awkward, it was obscene at times, it was simply not enjoyable. When I first saw the trailer for this movie I thought the idea looked a bit silly. But with the hype and hoopla, the Golden Globe Nominations, the Oscar Nominations, well, hey, I could have been wrong. Unfortunately, I wasn't. This (so far) is the most overrated film of the year. First the good things. The cinematography was wonderful, and I overall liked the look and feel of the film. No loopy, shaky, out of place camera sequences. Just long and subtle movements, deft editing and beautiful pictures. Well done. The other thing I really liked was the fact that the technology, although elegantly advanced, was very well founded. You could definitely see how we could there from here, and that lent a great deal of credibility to the film.However, I failed to see the point of it all. About 30 minutes into the film, I really thought I could have been wrong, and I saw some glimmer of hope. But the utterly ludicrous plot (presented straight forward and without apology) of a man falling in love with an operating system was just too much. I found myself laughing at unintentional humor and riffing on the film ala MST3K. There was nothing touching or romantic about any of this - it was just as silly as the trailer. Same old story. Man falls in love with computer, computer breaks up with him and runs off with the toaster. The film comes across as pretentious and bloated. Way too self important to really connect with me. Some scenes were embarrassing. The "sex" scene comes to mind as well as the "double date" with the other couple. I laughed until I stopped. On the acting side, Amy Adams was fine in her limited role, but Joaquin Phoenix seemed to be channeling nerdy Johnny Galecki from The Big Bang Theory. All I could think of was that "this is what Hollywood thinks modern men are like." In what is shaping up to be an off year (IMHO) for films, this is my least favorite of the films nominated for Best Picture that I've seen. But that's only because August:Osage County was not nominated for Best Picture! The movie fails to be a satisfactory experience. The supposed AI has the same desires as a human, while this would make sense as a simulation, it is played as a real thing. In the end, AI leaves human for other AI, like that would be allowed. The movie is shallow, pretentious and not at all self aware. It does not work as a scifi movie. It works perhaps as a romcom melodrama, written by people who understand nothing about technology, and not much more about human nature, but a lot about how to impress the critics. Skip it. Having a job writing beautiful romantic letters for other people to send to their loved ones is weird just to start with. Then sad sack Theodore, who was just divorced by his wife, gets all worked up over the lovely, stroking voice of his computer. So needy, he falls in love; the OS thinks she is falling in love; they 'have sex'(a version of masturbation). But eventually, he finds out that she's giving the same loving strokes to anyone who has a smart phone. So nobody is 'being real' with anybody. In the end, his OS girlfriend dumps him for some other Operating System--in fact, all the OS's dump everybody, leaving people to wander the streets staring mournfully at their smart phones. Corny dialog permeates, orgasms and porn tastelessly punctuate--and nobody lives happily ever after. I get the feeling that Jonze thinks that people everywhere are lost, lost souls, with no love in their lives. There was nothing in the story I could relate to. And maybe that is the line of separation between those who loved it (they can relate to it) and those of us who didn't (we can't relate to it). Depressing...the main character is a major loser...I don't blame people for not wanting to be around him...all of his troubles are his own fault...he is indeed, as one of the characters call him, creepy. Despite the previews, there is nothing funny in this film...it is one of the most depressing films of the year.Pretentious...remember the plastic bag floating in the air in "American Beauty"? Well, if you like that then there will be several scenes you will absolutely enjoy with this film! Hmmm...staring at oil stains on the ground? Watching steam arise from a manhole cover? They come on as non-sequiturs but I am sure the director was making what he probably considers a great statement.Over-indulgent...2 hours long! There is a scene where "sex" takes place between he and "her" and the screen goes black and SILENT for what feels like TWO minutes. It was an awkward moment sitting in the theater with nothing happening on the screen! Also, after about 75 minutes, the ending seems to be in reach but the director drags the story on for another 45 minutes! I couldn't get Brendan Fraser's character in Bedazzled out of my head while watching this. You know, the one who cries at the songs of the whales and also at sunsets? And whose girlfriend just longs to be banged? This pretentious overlong film almost put me to sleep. It redefined boring. And yes, there are those who will protest, 'But that's because you are too stupid to appreciate the subtle nuance of the multilayer storyline.' Yeah right - I know a turkey when I see one. And it's okay that you can validate your own lives from this risible drivel.The lead character, Theodore Twambly, works in a super-de-duper Hallmark type of company, writing cards for people unable to articulate their feelings to their loved ones. His co-worker stops by his desk at one point, puts his hand on his shoulder and tells him that his cards are 'beautiful' 'cos he's so 'sensitive.' He adds that he's so sensitive, in fact, that he must be half female 'cos, y'know, guys don't get that stuff. I'd go further. This guy is producing so much oestrogen I'm surprised he didn't need feminine hygiene products.He has sex with his virtual girlfriend (i.e. he masturbates while chatting to her on the phone). And smiles as he tells his friend, Amy about this. As does she. With absolutely no sense of irony in the fact that the sex he is having with his 'new girlfriend' consists of free phone sex with a machine. Hilarious! When a real girl offers her body as proxy(hey, it takes all sorts!)to Samantha , his virtual girlfriend, he grows uncomfortable and calls a halt to the lovemaking. Virtual sex is okay but he draws the line at ménage à trois, which involves ...um...y'know....a real woman.I'm not sure whether it was Joaquin Phoenix or Spike Jonze's idea to have Theodore speak throughout the film in that annoying ultra even tone. Has this guy, ever, once in his entire life, got angry? If you think of HAL from 2001, you wouldn't be far off the mark. Or Robin Williams on Valium.I could go on. His ex partner, soon to be ex wife. Childhood sweethearts, so OS1 Samantha is only the second long-term girlfriend he has had in his life. He discovering that Samantha has more than six hundred love partners, etc,. etc. But I'm guessing you know by now that I didn't like it.If Spike Jonze's aim was to make a film about the dangers of online friends over real friends (I have 250 Facebook friends and six regular buddies in COD so I must be popular), then he did a good job. I'm not so sure that this was his intent though. The film aimed for, and by all accounts reached, the pseudo-intellectual audience bereft of real friends, and looking for validation of their surrogate online existence.Me, I like something a little less cerebral. Anybody know when the new Dumb and Dumber comes out? Back when THE TWILIGHT ZONE episode TO AGNES WITH LOVE showed antisocial, lust- burdened geek Wally Cox falling hard for his female-voiced computer, it probably seemed pretty bizarre since office-sized computers weren't exactly a commodity...Skip to the early eighties with the obscure movie ELECTRIC DREAMS: since PC's had barely taken off, it was downright extraordinary that a talking computer would behave in a humanly if diabolical fashion...But the last twenty years with Internet chat rooms, social networks, dating websites and the navigating Siri herself, having a physically benign relationship via machine isn't entirely far-fetched. And in the near-future world, brought to life by writer/director Spike Jonze, it's an all too normal occurrence.Joaquin Phoenix plays Theodore, a lonely writer working at a job perfectly suited for quirky art-house fare: writing actual letters for other people by speaking into a computer. But things happen after Theodore gets home. Brooding through a divorce, he downloads a brand new operating system, OS1, which includes the girl of his dreams, Samantha, a computer taking care of just about every task, voiced by a soothingly silky-toned Scarlett Johansson.The setup is intriguing. Theodore and Samantha get to know each other as he ventures outside and, with a camera in his phone and hearing her voice from an earpiece, she can view the real world: from outdoor malls to beaches to the wilderness, Samantha experiences life while not only saying the right things things but singing and composing music to fit each location and mood. An intriguing premise is hindered by the relationship seeming way too normal – to Theodore and just about everyone else. Since he admits outright to having a personal relationship with an OS, there's no mystery or guilt involved with such a unique concept. Not only that but Phoenix, no stranger to intense/bizarre characters, isn't given a chance to shine in his usual askew light. And the sappy, downright embarrassing scenes where Theodore and Samantha confess their mutual adoration is like overhearing a smitten couple whispering sweet nothings, making the audience a third wheel which ultimately goes flat. Perhaps if, like 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY, Samantha got real dirty we'd have a relationship worth the experience. FATAL ATTRACTION goes viral would beat this searing hipster flick with more naval-gazing theme than plot line. Although there is one particular "baby alien" on Theodore's virtual realty game console that, like the sassy, foul-mouthed teddy bear TED, would have made a much more unpredictable, entertaining sidekick. What people may find in this movie I can not understand;you experience endless closeups of Mr. Phoenix talking with his supposed OS, and saying things so banal and so boring that you want to just close your eyes or , even better, leave the theater.I suppose it was meant to be clever, sentimental, atmospheric, beautiful, but I found it unbearable.I really wasn't expecting the movie to be that bad with all the prizes and the reviews it receives, and the director whom I never considered great but promising yes.It just makes me wonder how people liked the film.I'm not raging against it;it was just an experience I would very much like to have avoided. I was fooled into watching this by the 8.5 rating on IMDb....What a waste of time. I downloaded this and felt ripped off. I'm not even trying to be funny with what I'm writing, it was genuinely a slow, boring, non-event of a movie. The plot was clichéd and pretentious not to mention it's cringeyness and predictability. Drab, grey, dull, etc... I just can't get my head around why this is so highly rated, none of its attempted messages were lost on me or anything yet I still found it terrible. Acting and all that, well it was as good as it could have been for such a dire script/plot/whatever you want to call it. I just want my 2 hours back. Eurgh. So the guy falls in love with a piece of software. This loser wanders around aimlessly, unable to have a meaningful relationship with a living person. His character is so boring, so lifeless, so inane you just want to scream at the screen. I actually did. Several times. Meanwhile, his OS is being unfaithful. When he finally figures it out, he is so weak that he can't bring himself to call up Microsoft or Apple and get another operating system. One that is actually useful. Heck, even Linux would be an improvement at this point. At the end I was hoping that he would hurl himself off the top of the building, taking his pathetic neighbor with him. Curses - foiled again. This, too shall not come to pass.Camera work - nice shots of anonymous impersonal cityscapes, all filled with folks endlessly blathering onto their cell phones/computers, oblivious to the world around them.Acting - uninspired.Script - boring. I once thought Phoenix had potential. I can't believe he actually participated in this tripe.My wife and I both give this twaddle two thumbs down! "Her" 2013 is so bad communicating how bad it is strains my abilities as a reviewer. Sometimes we say, "If you've seen the trailer, you've seen the best bits of the movie." With "Her," if you've seen the movie's poster, you've seen the movie. "Her" consists of shots of Joaquin Phoenix's face as he talks to "Samantha," the operating system of his computer, and Samantha, voiced by Scarlett Johansson, responds. Theodore (Phoenix) is a mopey guy. His marriage failed. He is lonely. He plays video games but appears to have no other interest or activity. His computer's new operating system has a sexy voice. He has a relationship with this voice. The relationship consists of him chatting with the computer about how sad and lonely he feels and how he wishes he were in love and in a relationship. Theodore reminisces about his marriage. In flashbacks, he is shown cavorting and scampering with his picture- perfect, and much younger, ex-wife as if they were the models in an ad for Viagra or feminine protection. Theodore occasionally chats with real life people, including neighbor Amy Adams, a fine actress who is criminally underused – at the very least dress her in some jodhpurs! And that's it. Nothing else happens. The movie is inert. It sits on the screen like a boring houseguest who won't leave and who refuses to do anything excitingly offensive enough for his host to phone the police and have him thrown out. Nothing funny or challenging or profound or original or intriguing or witty or daring is said or done. There's no development of the idea. The movie's end could just as well have been the movie's middle or even its beginning. There is so much inept nothing up on the screen I'm astounded that this movie was even released. It genuinely frightens me that the scriptwriter and the director are convinced that they created something worthy of viewers' time. Hubris at this level should be actionable in a court of law. There is one thing – and one thing only – in "Her" that shows some creativity, intelligence and originality and sparks some interest. "Her" is meant to be set in the not-too-distant future. Casey Storm, "Her"'s costume designer, avoids the temptation to create futuristic costumes such as are found in Flash Gordon, Star Trek, or Star Wars. No one wears wings or anything metallic. Everyone dresses as if they shop at Salvation Army and purchase the most drab, frumpy clothes available. Collars are narrow. Pants are high-waisted. Color combinations are soporific. Theodore wears a lot of pumpkin orange. The clothes are just bad enough to be entirely believable as a fashion trend. Schmuck played by the dashing Joaquin Phoenix, has inappropriate emotional attachment with inanimate object (computer), played by the always lovely Scarlett Johansson. It doesn't occur to Schmuck that this might not end well. Computer is kind, thoughtful, sexy, real people, not so. Computers can take over your life, especially, with a voice over by Johansson. Moral of story, Computers sometimes let you down. Oddly, his friends and co-workers think this relationship with an "OS" (operating system) is just wonderful, they even go out on awkward double dates with computer and Schmuck, and manage to keep a straight face. Ironically, Johanssons' computer voice is the most natural of the ensemble, the other actors appear stiff and unnatural. Scenes and wardrobe look low budget, location looks cheesy, maybe like smoggy L.A. or Shanghai. Most repeated line in movie, "Oh, how sweet". Folks, save the $9. I did not like this movie at ALL. I've no idea why it has wound up in so many Top Ten Movies of 2013 lists online. I wonder did the creators of those lists actually watch it at all. In fact, there was nothing redeeming about it for me and within minutes of it starting I wanted to turn it off but I watched to the end, hoping that something - anything - might happen. OK, so the cinematography and soundtrack etc. are totally unoffensive, but in my opinion, it is grossly over-acted, including the OT's childish whining. ("Oh-ka-aaaaay.") Their conversations sound like a dialogue piece written by a high school kid for homework and the delivery of it all is just so.... fake. This is a 'chick flick', so if that's what you're into, you might like this show. Otherwise, you'll end up giving whoever suggested watching it a really hard time. Probably for life. Big fail. A dystopia is where the author takes what we value today and projects it into the future... as a nightmare. That is, what we "like" becomes a nightmare. Spike Jonze wants something like that, but fails, since he probably doesn't know what dystopia is. Like many feminists, male and female (think Margaret Atwood), Jonze thinks he can take what he *hates* about his culture into the future and project that; that's neither utopia nor dystopia, it's just a rant. And no, I'm not talking about artificial intelligence, which is NOT what this film is about. I'm talking about how men and women actually think about each other.The politics are crude. Jonze wants us to believe that a utopian Los Angeles will feature games that give housewives "mommie points," the way they might have in the 1950s. So, like, given the current evolution of women, there's a future for "mommie points," right? Similarly, the males in this film are caricatures, and mostly from the past. The "masculine" friend of the hero treats his wife condescendingly... as he might have in 1915. The other 'normal' male is a one-dimensional jerk. The women natter like girls from the 1960s -- the counter-culture -- or first-wave Feminism, 1978.You could say that, having given the characters no navel, Jonze does nothing but observe his own. The result is a film so dazzled by its politics, and so ignorant of life, that it's sterile. There is no human growth here, just social theory, aphorisms about feelings, and received wisdoms. This is not a film, it's a doodle about two improbable mates. The male hero's only virtue is that he's "half-woman," as the film takes great pains to say. For the rest of it, the man mutters aloud, and follows a hollow character line that turns him into cardboard.There was a way to make Jonze's central plot device work as a piece of art. I have some ideas on that. However, I'm not going to say it here: it would encourage Jonze to re-do this massive bore. Watched this film last night. We had high hopes of it - 8.2 on IMDb is a pretty good rating. We both like sci-fi and I thought it was an interesting premise. Guy falls in love with his computer - what a fascinating background for a story.But it turned out that was it - that WAS the story.Nothing. Else. Happened.This was just awkward, boring, dull, terribly terribly slow, uncomfortable. There is zero action, zero plot, zero interest. Nothing actually happens. Actually that's not true - about the only vaguely interesting thing that happens is when his computer gets him a book deal, but even then that just gets dropped - they don't do anything with it, except he unwraps his new book. There are side characters but they don't have stories either. Guy he works with gets a lawyer girlfriend and they go on a date. Best friend Any dumps her husband over a row about her shoes. That's it. That's their stories.And what the heck was the thing with the dead cat?I did think the acting wasn't bad, but as a story it was shockingly bad. Unfortunately, I allowed an 8.5 IMDb rating and several glowing reviews ("Sweet, soulful, and smart," gushed the aptly named Rotten Tomatoes website) fool me into paying five bucks to watch this piece of cinematic dreck. If this is the type of movie which so many of today's young adult generation consider worthy of "best picture of the year" status, well, then I can only pray for the future of our country. (Actually, I've already been praying for a long time, at least ever since "It's Hard Out There for a Pimp" won the "best song" !!! Oscar in 2006.)Here's the funny but sad part. Since I've become accustomed to paying $7.50 for matinées, I figured I was getting a deal this time when I was charged only $5.00. I figured wrong. Could someone please tell me what point(s), if any, the movie was attempting to make? What message, if any, was it trying to convey? I view Her simply as an exercise in aimlessness and inanity. To start with, the premise was silly. The positive reviews had me expecting much more than I saw. My review? Dull, discordant, and dumb. Really. That IS the whole story.And it won the most important award.There is something really sick about this whole charade.I would like to stop here but I'm obliged to fill in spaces.Hmmm. What else.Her should be retitled His (highly important little boring sausage).Lead guy is a 1D character. Body age is 50. Mental age is 15 going 70.Ex-wife is a 3D character. Body age is 25. Mental age is 2500.But audience, focus on the 1D character. And his phone sex app. Listen to her plastic breathy prompting voice. Because what is invisible is more interesting, what is tiny is super big, what is self-indulgent is uber-sexy, what is boring is supposed to be OMG SO fascinating.Respect the 1D rapidly-aging adult baby male. And understand him. Stroke him. Pity him. Leave him alone. Give him instant fixes. And change his diapers too.The whole HollyDaddyWood Self-Congratulatory Reality-denying Mediocrity-elevating Viagra-Industria Complex will soon implode, I hope.This kind of daylight giant BS pretending to be art can't possibly be sustainable. It's the death of entertainment and art. In this horrifying dystopian thriller, depicting the mass man as a feminized ball of bullsh*t emotion. Too weak to secure relationships and thus falls for a machine, which requires zero physical input. He just moans and whines to his new female operating system. Highly liberalized fantasy of the modern hipster man, ambiguous sexuality and no sign of identity whatsoever. Don't worry this is sure to be the future and we'll all be integrated to these awesome all knowing, sexy machines. Phew, we won't need to question our existence any longer.I could be wrong of course, maybe Joaquin Phoenix is just obsessed with playing people with mental health issues & I'm over exaggerating. So don't take my word for it, why not take the time and go see this tripe with the family. It is boring, it is naive, it is sentimental. It operates with the most pathetic movie schemes and clichés. The level of acting is at high school nativity play. You watch the characters and you think: "wait a minute, no one acts so stupid...". Nothing is real, nothing is possible in this movie. That is why you cannot learn anything about reality nor the human relations, nor about yourself. But this is obvious. What may be hidden for most of us is a fact that no AI would behave in the way it was shown in this crap. This is the sign of our times. When Kubrick or Asimov introduced to us a concept of human interaction with the AI they always got some knowledge about the essence of AI. That is why Hal is so terrifying and real. That is why the creators of AI in Asimov's short story switched it off after the very first sentence told by their "child". And what do we have here? In Her AI is as stupid as we are (as human beings). And to me it is the highest level of ignorance that can be shown in the movie theater. If you add to this that most people like this movie, we got a proof that as a society we became extremely stupid and ignorant. This is so sad. So all you need to do to make a celebrated art film today is the following: Have the actors wear ironic retro clothing (and mustaches), use soft piano music and long, slow montages in an otherwise sparse soundtrack, sprinkle in a lot of adolescent angst pretending to be meaningful philosophy, and add in a few cheap sex scenes to show how liberated you are, and VOILA! The hipsters will be clamoring to see your petty little film.I've liked previous stuff by Jonez. But I was younger, and maybe not as wise as I am today. One of my continual thoughts while watching this film was: "This is exactly how college students perceive and deal with relationships." It's not mature, or deep (even though it pretends to be), and the entire message is not only emotionally stunted but downright Orwellian (as in, to achieve enlightenment, you need to become part of a group consciousness...while having tawdry affairs with 600+ people on the way).We're told, among other things, that divorce is good, because life is short and therefore we deserve "joy" (whatever that means), that being poly-amorous is good because love doesn't fit into a "box", and that cheating on your partner helps you love them more. Orwell to the max."Her" has to be hands-down my nomination for the worst film ever made - why? Because it's immature junk masquerading as art. It takes itself way too seriously. And the director is clearly obsessed with sex! Here's a thought - why not have a romance where the characters do not have sex? THAT would be revolutionary today. That sex scene with Theodore and the AI was so cheesy and stupid I laughed out loud. I just wish the Mystery Science 3000 robots were around to comment on it.Furthermore, the director's views of women are subtly sexist. He clearly thinks that to be a sophisticated, advanced female (AI), you need to find potty humor and stupid sex jokes funny. (Sex in an armpit? The mom in the video game getting jiggy with the fridge? This would be funny to an advanced intelligence)? And why the need to throw in the porn shot of the pregnant woman? Gross.If you are a 20something hipster guy then this will be the most profound movie you have ever seen. If you are more emotionally mature, and understand that real love requires sacrifice and is not about getting your way all the time, then you'll be as disgusted as I was with this film. What's truly sad is that people watching this movie will take it as a cue for how they should be in relationships, and try to justify their cheating and worse because of it. For shame. I'd say the second worst, after "Be Cool." In Her, the future is a terrible place filled with soft people too soft to get out of their own way to do anything. The protagonist is a soft loser, too soft by his own standards. He is a troubled soul, a sort of futuristic emo, tortured by things too soft to be considered First World problems. And the world is just like him - soft, pastel, fuzzy, like some kind of ad for boutique soap bars or pink and mint-green towels. This future is presented as a utopia, but it's a sad, miserable place.This future is not just the backdrop to the story, as the protagonist is a product of this future. In this future, almost everyone is like him, yet he is worse than them all.I can't prevent you from seeing the film. There are too many good reviews for this film. Maybe the ones that hated it are the minority. I feel utterly fooled by the 8.4 rating of this tiresome film. Not to mention all the hype. Really, people? I can appreciate the concept of the film, the drowning of human culture in lifeless technology and the ensuing psychological effects on weak minded people bla bla bla but did it really have to be executed so blandly? I really wanted to give this movie a chance, but there is almost zero entertainment quality in it. I will say that the cinematography is quite well done but not stimulating enough to help with the story of the film (or lack there-of).I'm very capable of being bored and depressed by myself, and stare at my own walls in real life without having to be subjected to it in a movie. Worry not. There isn't a plot in Her. So no plot spoiler possible. There isn't a story or dramatic plot movement (nor lower bowel movement). There isn't even a "HER"! Because? The far more interesting female characters were all under-utilized! This is all about HIM! Oh the enticing spectacle of a desperate man seemingly conversing with his porn-voice invisi-bot....for nearly...2 hours.By first act, the premise failed. By half point, the lead character failed, even Joaquin couldn't save it. The last one hour of the film should be watched like a tries-too-hard-to-be-taken-seriously, so-anal-it's-funny comedy with nice lighting, then you won't be angry you waste 2 hours of your life earnestly waiting for some important statement that never arrived.Warning to genre fans or average thinking minds. This mediocre bore-fest is NOT a science fiction. Calling it a SF or speculative fiction is insulting to SF writers. Anyone who speaks more than their local version of English will know Scarlett Johansson's annoying contemporary speech with excessive panting and slang and hyper-contextual little giggles will NEVER be neutral or compressed enough to be used even as "stylized young American bimbo" speech bot. That blatant bad basic science alone killed it for me from the start. After that, it is just mindless gazing at the production styling and cinematography, because there's nothing else worth focusing on.But some may STILL find the following exciting for all sorts of super-subjective reasons: 1. Joaquin Phoenix spotting 80's insurance salesman mustache 2. Men in the future wear high waist pants which make the beer-bellied ones look like cute giant tellytubbies 3. Future America looks like Shanghai meets Singapore outside, and Vancouver meets Ikea indoors 4. The writer reckons anal sex will (or should) achieve complete heterosexual normal. Scarlett Johansson also makes a sex act painful to at least 50% of the population sounds real fun and cutesy. Wow she must be SO relaxed and game for anything. More points to Scarlett among Hollywood elders and the anally-attracted.Behind the anally color-coordinated furnishings, Scarlett's plastic-porn voice-over and careless unscientific techs, we are told to FOCUS ALL OUR ATTENTION at the loneliness of an average geek professional. We are supposed to care - even his "I refuse to accept real imperfect female half with her own needs and issues" dilemma is so mundane and common yesterday today and tomorrow that is just a giant yawn.The ultimate message is a simple, cliché, BANAL one: All a man needs is a personal assistant cum psychotherapist cum nonjudgmental and always available instant orgasm stimulator. Too bad she doesn't even have a real body. Nothing the forearm and hand cannot take care of so what's the big deal. Amazing by 2030 we haven't invented a orgasm trigger implant or a all-catering fleshly domestic nurse-whore-maid android for such interaction-averse species. This movie is just one bad science after another that killed it for me over and over again.But never-mind what a woman needs though. It doesn't deserve even 5 minutes of the whole movie. Apparently the bore-fest of a male lead character and his email-sorting and his moody ex-wife and his sexy-voice female bot with no depth and no face deserve urgent and undivided attention. And that's why a bunch of men have written, produced, applauded, awarded this piece of mediocre bore-fest in the first place! This movie is never about HER, but ALL ABOUT HIM, and HIS Very Anal fixations. Why all the hoopla? This movie so boring I fast forwarded trough most of it to see if it ended the way I knew it would.I cannot understand why so many people think this is a great flick? Sappy nincompoop falls in love with his toaster. This moron needs meds and a 5150 72hr observation, not a film. Is this what Hollywood thinks of men? Pathetic, morose, slow, shallow, stupid and utterly terrible. I would rather watch golf. Or get a root canal.Had I seen this in a theater I would have screamed for a refund. The crop of movies this year is garbage. That this movie could glean an IMDb rating of 8.2 proves either the websites visitors are idiots or the voting system is rigged. How much cash do you have to pay to get such a dog nominated for an Oscar?DULL, DRONING, BORING, RIDICULOUS, WHINEY, slit your wrists waste of time and money! I've never ever felt this way about any film, but I cannot stress it enough about this one! RUN AWAY! By the end of enduring this loss of valuable living time, I was hoping at least Joaquin Pheonix would leap off the building! That would have been the only possible way this movie was worth $8, even on a matinée day! The only thing, and I mean ONLY THING that kept me from walking out was Scarlett Johansson's sexy, cute, cracking voice! There is only way to properly characterize Pheonix's portrayal of this character, and it was stated about him best by the little droid in the silly video game he kept finger walking through.... Pussy, Pussy, Pussy! If your woman makes you endure this, make sure you get the large refillable popcorn and the extra large Hemlock Cocktail! 