After sitting through this film, I have decided that it is one of the WORST movies I have ever seen. I knew it the moment I was subjected to three teenage girls screaming and overacting when they (OMG!) meet again, and then watching the same thing, only done by women old enough to be my mom. And that was only the first few minutes. Yeesh. So here are my comments...1. Middle aged women + ridiculous dance moves complete with hip thrusts and over the top costumes = not a good idea.2. Pierce Brosnan could not sing his way out of a paper bag. Nor could practically anyone else in this pile of excrement, for that matter.3. The songs were so random. It was obvious to me that they were thrown, willy nilly, into the incredibly contrived and STUPID plot.4. My three year old nephew could have written a better script.I was either cringing or laughing derisively during the movie. And I normally really like movie musicals. Of course they are bound to be a bit corny...but this was ridiculous. What a waste of talent. I mean, you have great actors and actresses in this movie...I am embarrassed for them that this is now a part of their career. I regret wasting my money and time on this piece of crap. I don't know where most of you were at, but where I watched the film we didn't have people singing as some have told they experienced, we had people laughing, mostly at the campy plot line, the horrible dance sequences and the singing of the likes of Brosnan. The only people in the audience who seemed to be enthralled with the film were the seventies generation folks who were some how reliving the past with the songs. I was a DJ in the seventies and even went to the ABBA concert at Northlands Coliseum in Edmonton in Sept of 79, so I did appreciate them then and I still do now. But this film should have gone the same way as their marriages and ended in divorce. The sequences were so poorly staged, the dubbing and editing absolutely horrible and this has to be Meryl's worst production. I cannot believe an academy award winner would stoop so low as to do this piece of garbage. So save your money, wait for it to come out on DVD and then maybe spend your money on something better, like cat litter. I love musicals, all of them, from joyous Oklahoma, to Poignant Porgy and Bess, to the touching romantic "Damn Yankees." And I know most of the songs, sometimes singing them spontaneously, with a crowd or humming them alone.In a "real" musical, as differentiated from this vaudeville show, every song is painstakingly crafted to fit the exact moment. It is an expression of sadness, regret, love, joy or exaltation--a natural extension where mere words fail. So, in Guys and Dolls, "My Time of Day" describes the adventurous life of Sky Masterson as it is about to be compromised by the most unlikely woman. Every song in this brilliant exemplar of the genre sets a mood, or develops a character, creating a phantasmagoria of place, turned absolutely believable by the self disclosing evocations of song.For this lover of the Broadway Musical, and their adaptations to the screen during the last half of the 20th century, Mama Mia is somewhere between satire and a cruel fun house distortion of the genre. There, the songs of these musicals advanced the often elaborate, often delightful, plot lines. While here, the songs, simply picked up from a collection, only interfered with the shaky premise of the film.Perhaps most of those viewers who are making this film into a monumental success simply have no exposure to the art form of 20th century Musicals. They have no idea of the magic performed by writer and lyricist that can turn a dance hall floozy into someone whom we know and love, as achieved in "Sweet Charity."Let me offer an apology for the arrogance of this review. Perhaps, another day, another mood, I could have gotten into it, and not have been so critical in this review.But I can't help but imagining what Richard Roger, Oscar Hammerstein, Cole Porter, Irving Berlin and so many others could have done even with with this silly premise. I think about it, while the memories of seeing this film is fresh, and I can not help but to mourn the great loss. When Dante, Faust, Nietzsche and Kafka wrote about the solitude and despair of human existence, this is what they were actually writing about. Sitting there watching this movie made me feel alone in the world with no hope of rescue but for the inevitable end of this shrill musical.Do you remember when you saw a scary movie for the first time at a very early age and kept telling yourself that it was going to be over soon? Or when you looked into the closet at night and had to turn away because your mind couldn't take it? This is how I felt waiting for this movie to be over. It was simply the bottom of the barrel.I am not crazy about musicals to begin with and went to see it with two of my family members whom I knew would enjoy it on some level. I don't regret going because sometimes it's OK to see a movie with and for a friend. If you like musicals Im sure it wont traumatize you as it did me and anyway I suppose there's also nothing wrong with people singing and wanting to enjoy themselves...I just don't want to ever be a part of it if it's going to look and sound like this. This is my second review of Mamma Mia as I now have had the chance to watch it as a movie rather than a screen version of the successful stage show.I think that being eager to have the distribution rights Universal gave Judy Craymer (the producer) a free reign to make the film as she wished. Ms Craymer, with no experience of films or filming, believed that she had an epic musical on her hands. She roped in her stage director, Phyllida Lloyd, who has never made a film before and had no idea how to transform the show from the confines of the theatre onto the big screen. She also roped in her stage choreographer and many other stage crew who also have no idea of the transformation from stage to big screen and the result is an amateurish production that relies totally on the ABBA feel-good factor and a participating audience.Ms Craymer's idea was to cast big-name stars who, despite the film being a musical, had no singing or dancing abilities. If that was not bad enough, she also hired a cinematographer who had problems getting the light correct and camera angles right. Everything about the film is terrible and an embarrassment to watch at times. The screaming girls at the beginning. Brosnan looking more like James Bond in drag. Julie Walters hopelessly over-acting. Meryl Streep and Christine Baranski behaving like girl guides on their first date, despite supposedly being mature women in their 40s or 50s. The ensemble who were more like young children in a school play than professional dancers. Even in their brief cameos, Benny and Bjorn grinned at the camera as though it was the first time they had ever been filmed. Catherine Johnson's lacklustre script that sounded more like a working class play "We danced on the beach and kissed on the beach and dot dot dot!" to quote a ludicrous example. Brosnan occasionally talking as if he was on the football terraces, particularly when he cheered Meryl on during 'Souper Trouper'. Did anyone check the continuity on the film, as there seemed to be so many disjointed examples particularly whilst Meryl Streep was singing 'Mamma Mia'. At the end when the main stars were dressed in spandex suits they could not contain their laughter. When Meryl sang the moving "The Winner Takes It All", she and Brosnan stood motionless whilst the camera whizzed around in the air. The "Voulez Vous" scene when you could not even work out what was happening on screen, as the camera angles were so erratic.Even though I have seen the stage show many times, I have no wish to buy the DVD when it is released, as the film was, to put in generously, nothing other than a disastrous amateurish production and probably the worst ever transformation of stage musical to screen. Doubtless, the crew, cast, distributors, financers and ABBA are not bothered. They still got their "Money, Money, Money" and are laughing all the way to the bank. This is the worst movie I have seen in the last five years. If you think ugly Americans stinking it up in a foreign country is bad, you should see these Brits ruining a picturesque little slice of Greece. Everybody acts like they're drunk and having a grand old time-- it's excruciating to watch. Nobody can sing. Meryl Streep has done somber, depressed roles in the past that are really good, but she is just terrible in this movie. I hope this doesn't mean she has lost her ability to pick good roles for herself. This movie felt like the actors got on board because they thought it would be great fun to have a party in Greece, but they forgot they had to make a movie. I like Abba but couldn't stand the singing, Why the hell didn't they voice over the original version ?This must be a rhetorical question : "Just to prevent Agnetha and Anni-Frid from getting any cent." How generous !Next the plot : It is about a bunch of silly British people that colonize (is there any other word for people that invade other countries to bring their despicable habits and ignore the locals) a beautiful Greek island Without even trying to speak a word of Greek, they manage an hotel for British tourists. (hope the credit crunch ruined them).Go to Benidorm (Spain) and meet those morons and see how they behave there.For me it was simply painful, I had to leave the theater, my wife stayed and told me that the audience was clapping during the credits. (Expectations are quite low these times.)I think the only thing that made the success of this movie is Abba music. A computer generated musical with chimpanzees singing Abba would have succeeded as well. If you like Abba, watch Priscilla... the movie is much better. MY wife ( who never goes to movies) said lets go see Mamma Mia on our 15th wedding celebration and I unwittingly said yes. Now understand I love chick flicks like Sleepless, you've got mail etc. , but I was not prepared for this movie. I looked it up and saw comedy, Pierce Bronson etc and thought "OH OK'. I will never trust PIERCE again and will read every review before saying OK again. I was in so much pain that a person behind us asked me to stop talking during the show and I was MOANING. Meryl Streep was SINGING. Pierce was screeching. The sound volume was so loud it hurt my ears ( I am hard of hearing) . The only cast member who belonged in this movie was Christine Baranski who kept it from 0. Having avoided seeing the movie in the cinema, but buying the DVD for my wife for Xmas, I had to watch it. I did not expect much, which usually means I get more than I bargained for. But 'Mamma Mia' - utter, utter cr**. I like ABBA, I like the songs, I have the old LPs. But this film is just terrible. The stage show looks like a bit of a musical, but this races along with songs hurriedly following one another, no characterisation, the dance numbers (which were heavily choreographed according to the extras on the DVD) are just thrown away with only half the bodies ever on screen, the dance chorus of north Europeans appear on a small Greek island at will, while the set and set up of numbers would have disgraced Cliff Richard's musicals in the sixties!Meryl (see me I'm acting)Streep can't even make her usual mugging effective in an over-the-top musical! Her grand piece - 'The Winner Takes It All' - is Meryl at the Met! Note to director - it should have been shot in stillness with the camera gradually showing distance growing between Streep and Brosnan! Some of the singing is awful karaoke on amateur night. The camera cannot stop moving like bad MTV. One can never settle down and just enjoy the music, enthusiasm and characters. But what is even worse is how this botched piece of excre**** has become the highest grossing film in the UK and the best selling DVD to boot? Blair, Campbell and New Labour really have reduced the UK to zombies - critical faculties anyone??? It's been a while since I've watched this awful piece of Hollywood trash, but I felt the need to contribute my point of view on why I believe Mamma Mia! is an overrated soap opera.I'll start by saying that I love ABBA. I've been a fan since my youth. Then, one day, I saw an ad on TV about this film, combining ABBA songs with a cast of actors I adore. Even though I'm not a fan of musicals (saying I generally dislike them would be an understatement), I thought, what the hell? So I watched it.I can only say that I was appalled. The first thing that hit me was the awful technicolor. It was too bright, almost like tripping on something. Then there was the singing dancing and... Acting (not that you can call it that). Meryl Streep (bless her soul) portrayed an unstable woman. And it wasn't even funny (!!!). How could she sink down like that? I was speechless. What were the directors thinking? To degrade her like that. I love her, I really do, but Meryl Streep can't sing. Or dance. And they made her do both.The other actors... Like Pierce Brosnan. Whose idea was it to give this man a singing role? He can't carry a tune. At all. It was a pain to watch.Then the plot... Predictable and boring. But one can live with that, right? I guess. But then they sang everything in the most horrible ways possible. It was fake, it was boring - a complete and utter flunk. A waste of time and sanity.Do yourself a favor and don't watch Mamma Mia! Go buy an ABBA CD and enjoy their music in its pure, delightful form.In the end, all this film has done was to (almost) ruin ABBA for me. I'll get over it one day, but it's a scar I have to bare now. I couldn't watch all the film, but this is my understanding of the story line. The character played by Meryl Streep was a slut who slept with three guys. Her daughter doesn't seem bothered by this and starts singing about it as though it's romantic. She decided to write to all three men, inviting them to her wedding, so that she could find out which one is her father.Every situation is summed up with badly sung and choreographed ABBA songs presented in a style that's corny even for musicals. The film couldn't even have been salvaged by using people who could actually sing. The female characters also have the habit of greeting each other in the most embarrassing way possible. I watched the film because my girlfriend likes it, but I had to stop watching because cringing was hurting my head. I had low expectations of the film, but I was willing to give it a go, and I was actually disappointed. It has actually ruined some ABBA songs that I previously liked.The acting was terrible, the singing even worse, the choreography nonexistent, and the songs seemed to be placed at random. Let's get one thing out of the way first: I used to really like ABBA's music, some of the songs are recognised classics of pop and their place in pop history is assured, but this film (and the stage 'musical' by association) has savaged that legacy. This movie is so contrived, ridiculous, awfully plotted and embarrassing, it should never have seen the light of day; it makes Alvin and the Chipmunks look like high art.I love genuine musicals, especially Sondheim, so to call this throwing-together of a few pop songs a musical is derogatory IMHO. Sweeney Todd showed what can be done when bringing a real musical to the screen and having big name actors (who you didn't think could sing) take the lead roles. I was embarrassed for the actors, I was angry that Benny and Bjorn every got involved with the whole project and felt cheated out of my entrance money. This trend for turning pop/ rock group songs into musicals has to be stopped. Now! Please, please, let's not have a Queen or Take That musical film. Have pity on us. it is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Let me think... mm, nope, I'm wrong, it's the worst movie I've ever seen. Think about it, Streep singing and dancing, so Brosnan. (of course if you can consider those funny movements as dancing and awkward sounds as singing.) What can I say? Worst movie and except Amanda Seyfried and Colin Firth, worst cast ever. Streep's exaggerated acting meets with her "can't dance" talent and plus the singing. At this point the only true thing about the movie is its name: MAMMA MIA! :)ABBA is one of my favorite bands in music history. What a pity... Nothing much to say. Complete waste of time. I cannot remember a more trivial, mind numbing and shallow film in other words a real chick flick of the worst kind. How can anyone watch this film and recommend it to others ? Only if they don't like admitting they made a mistake. It seems to summarise the worst of female aspirations. No real substance to it all happy and shallow. Yeah that'll please the masses. Well not this member of the masses. What a trivial load of drivel. I wanted to leave the cinema within 5 minutes of the start. And to think I paid £7 to see this ! I think this does however represent the dumbing down of cinema as with most media these days. So I like a bit of reality in my musicals call me sad or what ? This is one of the worst films i have ever seen.The only reason this film has done well is because of the cast and the ABBA songs.The singing is beyond terrible. It sound like several very bad audition tapes for X - Factor.Some film just wont go from West End musical to film. This is a prime example.It's bad !!! Avoid like it !!! I would rather tripe and custard for a week than watch this again.0 out of 10 wow in one movie Meryl has lost ALL of her credibility. it really is that bad. i seriously was in pain throughout the entire movie so so so bad that doesn't even cover it. abysmal. the terrible acting, the horrific singing, the brainless, senseless, stupid plot, terrible cast, awful director...this combination made for a movie that truly is the epitome of crapi seriously have suffered post traumatic stress from watching, hearing even talking about this movie. the men were so fake the women so DUMB anyone who likes this movie must be either 1. insane or 2. wait there is no 2 the only reason for liking this monstrosity is insanityworst movie ever My mother and I decided to watch this movie together. We both are ABBA fans and loved the "Mamma Mia!" musical. This movie is nothing like it. The one thing that got me was how much everyone seemed to over act. There was so much cheese in it that I wanted some wine, or maybe that was to get past the awful singing! Pierce Brosnan never needs to sing again. He just needs to stand and look pretty. I will respect him for that.I agree with my mom on this, everyone needs a film they just need to bury and this one is it for the cast and everyone involved. Moral: If you want to listen to the music, get a CD. You'll have more respect for the music. If you want to be entertained, go see a different movie. This is the worst movie I have seen, even in my distant memory. The plot was muddled and completely without direction. The music was awful, only equatable to bad karaoke sounding akin to a baby seal being beaten with a bat. The level of acting from seasoned actors is ridiculously bad. The dancing was borderline seizure! Awful, awful, awful from beginning to end, this movie is terrible! Best avoided! This movie robbed me of time I could have spent watching any other movie under the sun and it would have been a better choice. If you are considering watching this movie please do not, 7/10 is a gross misrepresentation of this movie. Okay, so maybe your six year old sister might like it, but it might just make you want to fall asleep, or chuck the remote at the television screen. The main actress is TERRIBLE. Somehow, she manages to be irritating and sickly sweet in everything she does. Meryl Streep (usually a great talent) was just as bad. The plot was tiresome and predictable, none of the actors could sing -especially poor old Brosnan-, and everything was just a little too polished and nicey. Yes, it was in your face no-fears cheesy, but it was done really badly. Spare yourself some childish waste of time, and watch something of taste, please. I liked ABBA in the '70s.I saw "Mamma Mia" on stage in Vegas, and loved it.Then I saw "Mamma Mia" the movie.Oh dear! I've never agreed with the notion of bringing in big-name stars to create a film version of an already popular musical, but in the past, when a few of those big-name movie stars couldn't sing, the directors (and I would assume the non-singing stars who didn't want to embarrass themselves) had the sense to bring in the Marni Nixons, Bill Lees, Margery McKays, Giorgio Tozzis, etc. to dub the sound tracks.No such luck with "Momma Mia." Dominic Cooper is good as "Sky," and Amanda Seyfried is more than good as Sophie, but the rest of the cast is too old and can't carry a tune in the buckets it looks like they are about to kick.In the 2000s, "Duets," "Chicago," and "Moulin Rouge" were pleasant big-name star surprises. What happened with "Momma Mia"? Could they not find Marni Nixon's phone number? There's not much to say that hasn't been said, but I'll throw my two-cents worth in anyway. I love musicals, and by musicals I mean South Pacific, Damn Yankees, Porgy and Bess, etc. This pile of trash is NOT a musical. ABBA songs thrown randomly into a movie and sung by people who should never attempt to sing does not a musical make. The songs are supposed to have something to do with the story; but this story was garbage too. It should have been called "I'm a mindless, immature girl who idolizes my mother for being an addlepated tramp". I'll admit I'm not a fan of Meryl Streep, but watching her over-act and fumble her way through this was painful. Actually, watching everyone in this was painful; even the usually good actors failed miserably. The whole production came off as if done by toddlers; the script was awful, the story was awful, the camera work was awful, the acting, singing and dancing was awful. I bought the DVD because I don't really like going to movie theaters, and I chucked it into the Goodwill donation bag immediately after watching it. A complete waste of time and money. ABBA, Abbacadraba, I want to reach out and grab you! Why? In vengeance for the cinematic torture you put me through in experiencing the film adaption of the ABBA inspired musical "Mamma Mia". This asinine film stars Meryl Streep as Donna Sheridan, a rundown Greek hotel owner whose daughter Sophie (Amanda Seyfried) is planning her upcoming nuptials in the Greek island. The primary "Who is my real Pappa?" premise of this film is that Sophie was never informed by Mamadonna who her real father is, even though there are three main candidates who Mamadonna went over the sexual borderline with twenty years ago. Sophie's choice then is to invite all three to the wedding so she can finally have "faith" to know the "father figure" truth. These Sophie Daddy nominees are the "I still love Donna even though I dumped her after I did her" Sam, the former hippie but now stable banker Harry, and the free spirit boat-aficionado Bill. Along for the wedding ride are also Donna's best friends: the lunatic Rosie, and the middle-aged lush Tanya. Throughout all this "Who is your daddy?" humdrum plot there are spurts of these characters singing away to ABBA tunes. All I can say is, to quote a classic ABBA hit- "Gimme Gimme Gimme" less of these ridiculous musical scenes; even though Meryl Streep's pipes were not as bad as I thought coming from a seasoned actress. I cannot say the same for The Three Dads who were Pierce Brosnan as Sam, Colin Firth as Harry, and Stellan Skarsgard as Bill. Brosnan was the main singing daddy here and his musical voice was undoubtedly both shaken & stirred. Let's just say that Brosnan's singing was "The Matador" to my ears. The ensemble acting of "Mamma Mia" was appalling but the "main weapons of acting destruction" were found in the performances of Julie Walters as Rosie and Christine Baranski as Tanya. Catherine Johnson's screenplay of "Mamma Mia" was dreary & wearisome, and Phyllida Lloyd's direction was as clumsy as direction can get. Harris Zambarloukos' unauthentic cinematography seemed like he used a Greece Photoshop software program for the film's look. So to cap this monstrosity of a film in musical fashion, I will use an ABBA tune: Do not "take a chance" on the musical horror of "Mamma Mia". *Failure Far too many Abba songs were shoehorned into this extraordinarily shallow and trite romantic musical.Unlike "Grease" or "Chicago", the characters are not fully developed and are left with little or no substance. The tale itself is just as shallow, dotted with story lines that virtually spring up out of nowhere to bring about its end. Maybe if the characters didn't burst into song every few seconds, we'd get to know them and a true, definitive story would be allowed to develop.Furthermore, a few of the songs don't correspond with what's transpiring with the characters on screen ("The Winner Takes it all", for instance).Don't fall for the overly joyous singing, lame choreography that appears to be glorious, and the light comedy fair - it all adds up to a brainless and wasted exercise without depth and structure.Worst still, the story is like a glorified "Flintstones" episode where the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing, loaded with a multitude of confusion regarding character intent and circumstance.I'm not only surprised, but extremely disappointed to know that Meryl Streep, Pierce Brosnan and Colin Firth agreed to appear in this utterly pathetic horror show - and that Tom Hanks was willing to produce it! I honestly cannot stress enough how evil and awful this pitiful excuse for a film is. Absolutely none of the actors can sing so it feel like your eardrums are being attacked by a cheese grater. I may sound like I'm exaggerating, and I wish I was, but this movie really is painfully bad. Even if you love musicals, avoid this picture like the plague. I would actually recommend you staple your ear to a donkey as it would probably be less painful. Please, please; for your own sake, save your ears the torture and watch 'The Dark Knight' instead.Everything about this movie is bad, from the awful far-fetched plot to the torturous 'singing'. This picture is truly evil. As the last strains of Waterloo eventually faded away I was to stay in my comfy chair for quite a while numb and trying to bring back to life my facility for objective criticism. What can possibly be said about Mamma Mia other than to recall Lord Reith who once said "He who prides himself on giving what he thinks the public wants is often creating a fictitious demand for low standards which he will then satisfy". That this DVD is what the public wants is not in dispute.But will this truly abysmal film now create a run on of "fictitious demand" as Hollywood rushes to copy it – well don't hold your breath.Of course objective criticism is a bit of a waste of time as those of us who think that good Cinema should at least be about films having a decent plot, well cast actors and decent production and direction may soon be in a minority. Those of us who suggest that on the evidence of the success of Mamma Mia that it is final proof of the maxim that nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the public are likely to be seen as elitist killjoys. Well so be it – I'm not going to dilute my crucial faculties just because the public votes with its feet and its money to crown Mamma Mia as worthwhile entertainment. Never mind the quality feel the width of the box office takings! But, for what its worth – and that's probably not much, here is a brief list of the reasons why Mamma Mia is such excreta. The plot is trivial, unbelievable, ill-constructed, offensive and just plain dull. The casting is dire. True Meryl Streep is wonderful – but when has she ever not been? But Pierce Brosnan and Colin Firth are wooden throughout and they can't sing – and no this is not irony or even remotely funny. It's a MUSICAL. The leads must be able to sing. Doh! Amanda Seyfried can sing and she's very pretty too. But what about those bloody teeth? Sorry this may be a bit from left field but why would a nice little 20 year-old have to have shining white and 100% artificial looking brilliant white teeth. It made her look like an American Ryder Cup wife for goodness sake! Stellan Skarsgard (who?) was dull and he couldn't sing either. Julie Waters gave us one of her batty old ladies – we've seen it before Jules and it made no sense in Mamma bloody Mia. Christine Baranski was good – almost in the Streep class but surely a film with this budget could have cast all of the principals rather more thoughtfully? The editing was woeful as well. There seemed to be a good few gaffes that should have been edited out and reshot – did nobody care or not think that we'd notice when an actor forgets their lines? And was that set meant to look realistic – or the extras look like real people? Maybe not. And maybe on stage it wouldn't matter. But it wasn't on stage – it's a movie! Musical Theatre only really transfers well to film when it is opened out. Think "Sound of Music" or "Carousel" or "My Fair Lady". Mamma Mia was claustrophobic despite the stock shots of the Aegean. It looked more like Pinewood. It was Pinewood! OK so ABBA write catchy songs and we all like occasionally to hum along with them. But why put them into a stage show with a supposed plot in the first place. Why not just perform them as song and dance in concert? And if you must try and make a facile piece of drama around a random collection of songs and put it on stage then please don't later think that it will make a film. But you have – and a few rich people have become even richer as a result. And the Cinema is the poorer for it. 