If I saw the movie now for the first time I know I probably will hate it, but the 11 year old me was so love struck with it. Honestly no movie these days makes me this happy anymore. Also I think this one (the first movie) is so much cinematically pleasing. I enjoy the dark blue rainy vibe & the shaky camera a lot. This movie is my guilty pleasure. 10 for the nostalgia feelings. Perhaps I Have to tell something so that people who hate this film do understand why I review like this. My Dad died in 2008 when Twilight aired. I watched the movie again and again. And today, I still watch it again and again. I always have problems when I read a book and they made a movie of it. Because most of the time the movie just sucks. But not with the Twilight movies. They are like the books, and this without a big budget. So if you have a hard time and you need a simple but nice movie to watch to leave into another world. Please watch this. Amazing acting and great story line, only problem is, it's fairly long It's just a fantasy romance with a different take. I liked the movie to start with and now it is a guilty pleasure to rewatch repetitively.
I see good acting. It is hard to transfer this kind of book to the movies but it really works for me.
The amount of hate from some people is annoying. If your not into this kind of movie fine, but your judgement is useless to those who like these movies. I say boy's the Twilight Saga is way underappreciated ! I own all five films.
I didn't listen to the critics or the people that said their trash. I went and watched them for myself. I saw all five films in the theater.Then I bought all five Blu-rays but I have not watched them; they've been sitting in my Blu-ray pile for like 10 years :oops:The entire cast is made up of extremely attractive people physically , so theirs that.
I am total sap for a romantic star-crossed lovers story line and is element is the heart of the films.
There is all kinds of delicious Gothic and romantic melodrama.
I've never really been a huge fan of vampires in the horror genre but it's done extremely well in this series of films.
I've always been a huge fan of the Lycanthrope and there's plenty of Werewolf action.Twilight launched two bona fide movie stars in Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson.
No shame, straight-up love The Twilight Saga . I watched this movie in 2009 I guess and watched it so many times that I even remember the dialogues scene by scene now. It's an absolute favourite and will always come back to it to escape reality. I can't begin to tell you why I love the Twilight Saga Series so much. Because it appeals to a younger genre, it took me a while to get interested. But, once I did - I was hooked almost immediately. I have all the DVDs and almost all the Sound Tracks and Scores. Carter Burwell is amazing! Anyhow, having lived in Seattle for nearly 9 years probably swayed me just a bit. I can't say there is tremendous acting, but there is enough here and there that you start to form a "relationship" with the characters. I am probably an oddball, but I like Kristen Stewart, and have watched her in several films. I kind of wish they had cast her in Hunger Games, but that's just me. I have watched all 5 Twilight's now probably close to 100 times, and each time I try to find something to hate about it so that I'll stop this infatuation, but I just cannot. Call me old-fashioned, but there is just something about a good love story that gets me every time, and for the story to include a gawky, awkward little girl falling in love with a suave and gorgeous vampire - well, you got me! You can have the werewolves, just don;t find Taylor Lautner all that hot. This movie was perfect. I am a huge fan of the series and have been since Christmas of 2007. I have been excited to see this film since they announced it, and remember the very day that they cast Robert Pattinson as Edward. In my opinion, there is nothing about the movie that could have been improved, save making it a bit longer. I enjoyed every second, even though I went in with the very highest of expectations. As long as you don't nitpick (I heard people complaining that the Cullen house wasn't white in the film, or that Emmett was batting in baseball, not fielding) I am sure that people will enjoy this movie if they loved the book. As far as book to movie things go, here are my favourites: Girl with a pearl earring, Devil Wears Prada, The Secret Garden, Speak, Harry Potter 4 and 5 and any Jane Austen story.A good book to movie translation, like these and Twilight, doesn't keep every single part in the book, and in the same order. It keeps the same feeling of the story, the general idea that got people excited in the first place.Only a couple of things annoyed me, the special effects were a bit over the top. A couple of cringes here and there, but apart from that,I really loved this movie, and I look forward to the sequel next year. As New Moon's director, Chris Weitz, directed The golden compass, I think that the special effects will be a lot more improved with him.5 Stars. The movie Twilight is a love story about Isabella Swan and Edward Cullen. Bella moves to Forks, Washington to live with her dad after her mom moves to Jacksonville, Florida. Once Bella is in Forks she meets Edward Cullen and discovers that he is a vampire along with the rest of his family. She tells him that she is OK with the fact that he is a vampire. While playing baseball with Edward's family one day, the group of bad vampires, notice that Bella is a human and James, the one bad vampire, goes after her and starts to track her. Bella escapes to Phoenix, where she use to live, with Edward's brother Jasper and sister Alice, while the rest of Edward's family tries to distract James and get to him so he won't bother Bella. James gets Bella to come to a dance studio in Phoenix by making her believe he has her mom. Edward has to try and get to Bella in time to save her from Jasper. Once Edward is there, he realizes that James has bit Bella and has to decide whether or not to let her change into a vampire or suck the venom out of her blood. Bella and Edward have to fight throughout the whole movie to make their relationship work and he has to try to not kill her. I think that this movie follows the book very well, represents its genres well, and has a lot of good aspects in the film including the acting, lighting, and music.The movie Twilight is classified as a thriller and a romance. I think that the movie represents both genres very well. It could be classified as a thriller because there is a lot of action and fast paced scenes within the movie. I think the very beginning quote of the movie lets you know that it is a thriller. At the beginning of the movie Bella says, "I'd never given much though to how I would die. But dying in place of someone I love, seems like a good way to go. I can't bring myself to regret the decisions that brought me face to face with death." I think that this shows that it is a thriller because a lot of time thrillers have somebody dying or one of the main characters comes very close to dying. This lets the audience know that Bella is going to come "face to face with death" and sets the movie up to be a thriller. Also it fits a thriller because the end of the movie kind of leaves you wondering if Bella is going to turn into a vampire. I think that it fits the genre of romance very well too because the main storyline of the movie is the love story between Bella and Edward. I think when Bella and Edward are in the woods together and Edward says to her "And so the lion fell in love with the lamb," this is when their love story starts and then we get to follow their relationship throughout the whole movie. Also when Bella says in the movie "About three things I was absolutely positive: First, Edward was a vampire. Second, there was a part of him-and I didn't know how dominant that part might be-that thirsted for my blood. And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him," I think this quotes shows that this is not a normal love story, but that she was in love with him and would do anything to be with him. Therefore I think that Twilight fits both the genres thriller and romance because you can clearly see how it is both.I think there were a few aspects of the movie that could have used a little improvement. I think the director did a good job picking out the most important events from the book to put into the movie and did a good job with putting the movie all together. I think that overall the actors did a good job playing the roles of the characters. I think that the actor and actress who played Bella and Edward could have had a little more chemistry to make the film better and seem like Bella was more caring about the relationship and not look so uninterested all the time. I think that the lighting and colors of the film did a good job a representing the plot. The story took place in Washington where it always rains a lot, so the fact that it was gloomy or darker in most of the scenes was good. Also the fact that there were vampires in the movie made it seem like the scenes should have been darker and gloomier than in just a normal romance movie. In my opinion the music in the film was very good. I think the songs they choose for the film were not your ordinary real happy upbeat song. I think these songs fit the movie though because the movie overall was gloomier and darker and I thought the music and scores fit the movie very well. I also think like that they didn't use ordinary songs because Edward and Bella's relationship wasn't ordinary.Overall I loved the movie and have watched it over and over again. I think it is a good change from all the normal love stories where there are things stopping the people from being together like somebody else or other repeated scenarios that keep them apart. This also has a lot of action and keeps you on the edge of your seat while watching it unlike most over romances and love stories. I would recommend this to anybody who loves romance stories or just out of the ordinary scenarios. In my opinion I think it is better to read the book before watching the movie because you get a lot more details and now what is going on a little better in the film. Being a huge fan of the book series by Stephanie Meyer, it's pointless not to admit that I have a certain bias towards Twilight. I was expecting great things, and my expectations were fulfilled, so I wasn't in the least bit disappointed. The entire movie is just brimming with confidence and a true love for the material, making director Catherine Hardwicke an absolutely perfect choice for the director's chair. The movie is lead by two fantastic performances from Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart, who bring the book's iconic Edward Cullen and Isabella Swan to life with energy and emotion.For the uninitiated, Twilight is essentially Romeo and Juliet with vampires tossed in the mix. Bella Swan (Kristen Stewart) reluctantly moves to the small town of Forks to live with her dad Charlie (Billy Burke). Being the new kid at school, Bella finds the outcasts, the Cullen family, to be particularly interesting, especially the unreasonably gorgeous Edward Cullen (Robert Pattinson). Needless to say, there's more to the family than meets the eye, and much conflict along the way.To be quite honest, for a book to film adaption, Twilight was unbelievably close to its source material. Honestly, you can't get much closer to the book than this. Initiating Stephanie Meyer to help write the screenplay and give word on slight changes was an incredibly clever decision, as fans that complain about the movie will only have Meyer to blame. The last three Harry Potter films have left entire sections of the book out, in addition to characters and such. Twilight does no such thing. The leads have great chemistry (which was practically required for a film like this), the core of the book is kept intact, the acting was top-notch, and the length and pacing was just right. What more can a die-hard fan ask for? Of course, there are some changes made to the movie. Some things needed to be a bit more cinematic. There are literally around 20 pages worth of descriptions of how gorgeous Edward is, and these descriptions can basically be summed up in less than five seconds. Mike, Jessica, Eric, and Angela may be a little different from their book counterparts, but it's mostly for the better. The group of friends serve as the movie's primary source for comic relief, and it works very well. Much of Bella's first day of school is missing, but it was never really all that important to begin with. Not to spoil anything, but both the battle and the prom scene were absolutely gorgeous and well-done, even though they may not have been exactly as described in the book. There were a few more things here and there, but nothing really to complain about. The only thing I was a little annoyed about was the lack of Carlisle's backstory. However, seeing some of your favorite book sections transformed onto film (especially for things like the Cullen introduction and the baseball scene) is a feeling that can't be rivaled by any other.While some people may not have been fully satisfied with the acting or thought it was laughable, I loved every minute of it. I would use the phrase "shines in her role", but I would be using it almost every sentence. There are no clear shining stars here, as everyone is simply that fantastic. Kristen Steward basically has the entire movie on her shoulders, but she did a great job. The big emotional scene towards the end was a huge stretch for her, but I bought it all the way. Robert Pattinson may have received a lot of fan hate initially for being selected as Edward, but his performance proved that he IS Edward. You can't see his accent at all, in fact, he pulls off being American quite well. Congrats to the makeup artist because Rob looked absolutely stunning.The directing from Catherine Hardwicke was perfect, and if she returns to film New Moon it will be interesting to see how she helps translates some of Bella's more emotional scenes. Hardwicke has a true vision behind the camera, and there's lots of close-ups. I can't wait to see more of what Hardwicke has to offer, as she pulled amazing performances out of every single person involved and gave the movie a definite heartbeat.Twilight fulfills its purpose for sure, and then some. It's one of 2008's finest films, and probably would have been regardless of how close it actually stayed to the book. With a story this great, its difficult to make a bad film unless you're trying extremely hard. Overall, I absolutely loved the film and it went above and beyond in every way imaginable, becoming one of the best adaptions in recent memory. I am obsessed with the books. I was a little nervous to see the movie because books are always better.... and I was worried this movie would ruin everything. But WOW! It was so good. Much better than I expected it to be. The cast for it was all perfect. They couldn't have picked anyone better for Edward. Bella, Esme, Charlisle, James, Jacob, Jasper, Rosalie and especially Alice were all perfect. I think anyone should go to this movie. It follows the book well, leaving out some things but thats OK because they can't fit everything in it. I encourage all of you to go see it! Im going to it again tomorrow night. Its my new favorite movie. I love it so much and everyone needs to go see it! I'm not sure why all of you are complaining so much. I thought this was an EXCELLENT movie! First off, it should be known that I have not read the books. So I'm not going to spend this review comparing things that were off and so forth. I think its sill to do that, anyway, as a book and a movie are COMPLETELY different things and a movie is an ADAPTATION of the book; of course it can't be exactly the same.Anywho, back to the review. I didn't go into this movie with any kind of expectation, good or bad. I have been known to enjoy the occasional vampire flick and I am always good for a romance. And that's what this movie is: a romance movie that happens to have vampires in it. I am officially in love with Edward Cullen, by the way. I think the chemistry between Bella and Edward was electrifying. The way he treated her when he first smelled her was perfect. As a female, I can tell you that her reaction was perfect for a teenage girl. Can you imagine how that would make you feel?! The scene in which they first kiss is one of the best. The emotion and passion was almost too much! Edward's intense eyes make you hypnotized.I look forward to more character development on the rest of the Cullen clan and of Jacob and his Native American tribe. The scenery of the Pacific Northwest was amazing and the camera angles were great. I thought they ended the movie well, having the audience craving more. I'm looking forward to the future installments. let me just start out by saying i read these books religiously. i have had to glue them back together i have been reading them for so many years. *******************MILD SPOILERS*********************I went and saw twilight twice last night. i have been following the movie since MTV had the rights. and from the commercials i was worried about the wire work/action graphics but i felt confident that Catherine hardwicke was going to deliver the movie the way i wanted it. i loved the actors they choose. Nikki reed, Kristen Stewart, Ashley green, just to name a few. and i really liked Anna Kendrick. she was hilarious. i thought i was going to hate Taylor as Jacob but i actually liked him. he was the warm Jacob i like. i just didn't like the way it was directed. i didn't like how they had so many face shoots, or the swooping camera. i also didn't like how choppy the scenes were. i didn't like how Edward was such a pansy. in the book, sure he wanted her, but when he made the decision to be strong he was strong and i think that got lost in translation. they played too much to his weakness for her blood, then for his strength to be with her. like how he couldn't stop in the end, in the book he made himself stop. i wish the movie could of been just 30 minutes longer. little things like he only watched her sleep once, and he never made fun of her truck, he never made fun of mike... just little things. i think they rushed too much to get the nomads into the picture. but i mean its understandable, you can't put a near 500 pg book into two hours and make everyone happy. again its all chalked up to the director. i love this movie and i will see it again before the weekend is over, cause i want them to have a bigger budget for the next movie, they are going to need it to portray the wolves. i just want a different director! and i'll be happy. Charlie Swan Charlie Swan Charlie Swan Charlie Swan Just loved it, I'm in love with this movie and with the entire cast.
The location the acting everything is just fantastic.
I can't get over it ever. The twilight Saga is my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE movies Ever!!! Wish there was more. I've been watching quality films all my life. This movie, in my humble opinion, is a cinema masterpiece. Don't believe the bad reviews. They are jealous of the main characters who found true love on screen. It was the first movie in a decade I had to watch back to back, because you will probably miss a lot on your first viewing.First of all, Kristen Stewart is excellent. The way she portrayed the character is unlike anything I have ever seen. She gave so much depth to Bella, it was even better than the Book (also brilliant). I don't the hate she gets for this role. She should have been awarded with at least a golden globe nomination.Second of all Robert Pattersen is really handsome in this movie and also very good at acting. The best method actor currently alive. He dove so deep in this role, I don't know if he will ever recover.The rest of the cast was also good.I didn't like the bad guys. They were stupid and ugly. I hope they never act again.I hope you like my review. I didn't care to see this movie in the theatre. I've heard of the books, but not read them. There just seemed to be too much "hype" surrounding the entire thing: the books, the author, the movie, the characters, the actors - everything.(I actually just caught Kristen Stewart in "Adventureland" and realized she has some chops... I'll give her that.) ... but as I strolled through my local movie store today, I picked it up... practically looking around to make sure no one watched me do it. It felt like a guilty pleasure... like a carton of ice cream or something (even at 27 I'm far too mature for such nonsense, right?) BOY, WAS I WRONG.And just like a guilty pleasure, I enjoyed every second of it.I wished I were Bella... even if that meant going back to school - just to have a freaking awesome hot, romantic, protective boyfriend... one with a delicious secret that only I was privy to.It had that very "us and our love against the world" feel without being overly dramatic or cheesy.This is definitely the kind of book I would have picked up about fifteen years ago and gotten a wicked crush on Edward just like everyone is now.I might even go back and pick up the books before they make any more movies.Guy or gal, any age -- I would recommend this movie w/o a second thought. It was a lot of fun. I don't know what people here are talking about you guys are either too old or just have bad taste in movies... This movie absolutely ROCKED i didn't get the point about signing up in this site but JUST after watching this movie... twilight i came especially just to rate it 10/10!!! If you like cool visual effects...awesome storyline... and/or just plain enjoying fine movies then this is the movie for you! This movie is definitely worth the money its a blockbuster and deserves at least 500million dollars in US only and at least 1billion dollars worldwide.By the way this is the perfect date movie because its a romantic movie which i'd usually dislike but this movie has everything a good movie needs action romance comedy.Just watch it you'll get what i mean. I read with a certain amount of sadness the negative comments posted here about this film, and note that most of the criticism pertains to the fact that this movie as one "enlightened" critic put it "has "woman" written all over it". How sad that in this era of supposed female emancipation, that any film that does not cater to the adolescent male need for blood, gore and action, is vilified. This movie is tender, atmospheric and extremely entertaining. It is not another boring special effects movie, a cop movie, a war movie, or any of the other endlessly boring (to me) movies that spewed like bile by Hollywood.A lot of the vampire fans are totally upset because the Vampires in this movie are not out killing people and because they are not the standard gore film Vampires... I wonder what all the fuss is about? Every Vampire film tends to change and modify the Vampire legend. In some movies they are killed just by exposing them to light. In some movies only a steak to the heart can do the job. There really is no standard behavior for Vampires people make it up... because Vampires don't really exist! It's a STORY people.So in my mind it's just that this movie is more poetic and is something "girlie girls" of which I am a proud card carrying member, can love. So of course it is despised because I guess all forms of entertainment are expected to cater to males and male tastes.Anyway I loved it and that is the first time I have been able to stand a movie about Vampires. Are you like crazy or you don't have sense of humor? - first they couldn't make this movie better, is the best i have seen! - & its like same as the book! or maybe you wanted to be four hours sitting down in the movie so that it could look like you wanted! or like every detail included. anyway the movie was excellent, in the theater i didn't even wanted to go out to the bathroom! & i was crying with my friend,was so cool, and then we didn't want to stop talking about it!!I loved it! haven't seen such originality since lot time! i cant wait till new moon! i bet the movie is going to be awesome!! since the book its great! I'm a 41 yr old male and I can only say that I've watched only great films more than once a couple of times the twilight series I have watched at least three times the rain for my review is that are so many people hating on these films why I don't know perhaps they lack something in their lives. The storyline is well thought out and will appeal to young and old alike. Firstly, why are so many of you guys trashing this film? I am a guy.. I'm not gay.. And i loved the film. It is beautiful. I had not read the books and i hadn't even heard of them. I simply saw this out of curiosity and also because i find Kristen very talented.. I am in love with her after I watched this.. I just want to hold her in my arms.. The scene after the hospital scene is so awesome.. I read the books after watching the film and i absolutely loved it.. I read the whole series twice.. I didn't think it was a chick book.. Kristen has a very good future ahead of her.. I cried when he bit her.. It was as if i was Edward and i couldn't protect the girl i loved...I can't wait for NEW MOON.. I am a Twilight-aholic...I love you KRISTEN... I want to hug you.. I want to protect you.. I want to make you the happiest person on the planet.. You are an amazing actress... ....how many of you have actually read the book? if you have read the book, and are letting out your frustrations, that's a different story. for instance, i would have liked to see the part where all the boys ask Bella to the dance, and I'm not talking about prom. it would have been cool to see her cook for Charlie. and i always read that Charlie had a bald spot, but now I'm nitpicking. now, if these things, or something else that was in the book and that didn't make it into the movie, is what your issue is, than that's all fine and well. but if your complaining about how Edward is the "perfect bad boy" or whatever it was, i have some advice for you: stop complaining, and read the book!!! if you would have read the book, you would know that is not how Stephenie portrayed her character. and "an annoying, unintelligent, judgmental dumb-wit who has no real attractive features whatsoever" ? that was only mike, and he wasn't even that bad. he was how Stephenie created him. so if that isn't good enough for you people, that is your problem. please, stop trying to make it ours. 