I went to see this film with my sister and my Mum and we were the only ones in the cinema. Not the best start, but I continued to watch it anyway and am so glad I did. This is probably one of the most beautiful and romantic films I have ever seen! From the relationship of the two characters to their surroundings, every scene is breathtaking! The Notebook tells the story of a summer romance that turns into a romance never to be forgotten. Allie and Noah are the two lead characters and they are wonderful. You immediately fall in love with the characters and you want to follow every step of their doomed love story. it is one of the greatest love stories ever told. Look out for the lake scene, unbelievable! I came out of the cinema wanting to go back in again and watch it all over again. It feels like you are reading a diary watching this film, thats how detailed and wonderful this film is. Cannot really give too much away about the story, all I can say is if you haven't seen this film yet, be sure to see it. I cannot think of a film more perfect for Valentines Day! This movie seems to be postcard perfect, a lesson straight out of the director's guide to romantic movies. Boy meets girl at a carnival, love from the other side of the tracks, a date by the water, etc. And yet the wonderful thing about this movie is that it takes what seems like a story you've heard already (at least in bits and pieces) and still moves you deeply. It really speaks about love in a way that most romantic movies miss by speaking in cliché or over shoot by adding in numerous complications to dramatize things. There have been other great movies to comment on love in recent years (Eternal Sunshine, Lost In Translation jump to mind) but this movie fills a need that those other movies miss: the need for a straight, sweep you off your feet romance. Too bad there can't be movies like this every year... Often times when a movie comes from source material such as a novel that did well, the people who were fans of the book end up not liking the movie as much. Sometimes those same fans even end up hating the movie, or not even giving it a chance by seeing it. Such was the case, that I already knew the ending of Nicholas Sparks's novel even before I got into the theater. Let me clear up though, that the best thing about the film was that I ended up getting wrapped in the story on the screen, rather than sitting there thinking to myself what part of the story should be coming next. That is what makes a great adaptation, when you can get lost in the story, and forget about your thoughts, or what is going on in the outside world. Not only that, but the film soared past any expectations that I had for it from the start too, by being very well Directed and acted. Best known for his acting credits, Nick Cassavetes was tapped to direct this film. His past experience, which didn't consist of very many films includes the Denzel Washington film John Q. This was not going to be an easy task for him though, because the story was built on us believing the love that the main characters of the film would be showing was real. It?s not as easy as it sounds, and some films (like Star Wars Part 2), end up making the audience laugh, rather than feel what the characters are feeling. He did a great job, and helped put together a great cast for this film that would end up including Ryan Gosling, Rachel McAdams, James Garner, and Joan Allen. All actors who have found their niches before, and were brought in to this film to help carry the story. Gosling is best known for his role as "Richie", one of the kids, in Murder By Numbers. He brings a great innocence to the role of Noah Calhoun in the film, one of the two main characters. Rachel McAdams plays the other half of the duo as Allie Hamilton. She was actually one of the leads (Regina George) in an earlier Summer movie, Mean Girls. At the heart of this film the couple represents the love story that is being told by James Garner's character. He reads from a book , the story of the two lovers as they go through everything life has to offer. Gena Rowlands plays the lady that he is reading to, and she gets as wrapped up in the story as we do, as he progresses from chapter to chapter in the novel he is reading. Garner was perfect for this role, and shows his narrating skills as he explains how the two of them live. Meanwhile, in the story, Noah and Allie meet in one of the cutest scenes of the movie. He sees her at a carnival, and knows right away that he wants to be with her. He does not know quite why at first, and all he can say is that something inside of him is drawing him to her. He convinces her to give him a chance, and she eventually agrees to give him the date that he seeks. What progresses from there is a Summer romance that goes through all of the emotions that we all have experienced before. What makes it even more real, is that it is not played off as if every single moment is perfect between the two of them. It depicts that they do have fights, that they do have disagreements, but that they do have a love that is stronger than any of that. This is what made the romance real for me. Everyone knows, that in real life we can't have a relationship where everything works out perfectly, or where everyone agrees on everything. The romance blossoms, but a problem exists that could spell trouble. Noah is from a one- parent family, and sees himself working at a lumber-yard for the better part of his life. He says that he has found his place in life, and this is what the "cards" have planned for him. Allie on the other hand, come from a very well-off family, and is being brought up in a rich societal circle. Her family is spending her 17th Summer in the small town by the sea, and first comes across Noah by pure coincidence. The romance between them is kept under wraps for quite a while, until her parents find out. The mother immediately thinks that is should end, but the father feels that it is just a summer "thing" that will come to an end rather quickly. That is, until she is out late one night with Noah, and he takes the side of his wife. They see no future between their daughter and this "boy", and take her away from him the first chance they get. That coupled with the outbreak of World War II keeps them apart for a couple of years, and the story really gets underway. Will their love be able to endure the separation, or will one of them move on to something that is easier in their own lives? The story becomes an epic of its own, as its starts to split time between the story being read, and the story of Garner and Rowlands living in the present day. This is what I love about films like these, as we are given the opportunity to enjoy two different stories going on at the same time. The love shown by Noah and Allie is something that envelopes us, and it makes us forget about the current story. By going back and forth, we are able to look forward to where each of the two stories is going. All of it leads to an ending of each story that is both very enjoyable, and very emotional at the same time. As I said before, sometimes a book can fail to transition to film. This is not one of those cases, as the movie instead becomes its own entity. Both stories have great chemistry between the characters at the center of them. It is amazing just how well the actors/actresses in the parts play their roles, and just how much we as an audience start to care about their lives. As it progresses, we truly care about what will happen to the main characters, and we have in our own minds how we want things to turn out. It is that type of film, where we start to become part of the story, and want them to act or say something specific, that truly makes a great story. Even though this is a movie that is heavily geared to lovers of romance novels, this is a film that I found very enjoyable. I highly recommend seeing this film while it is in theaters, or purchasing it when it hits DVD, because it has everything that is needed for a truly great love story. This amazing love story can be enjoyed by all. The Notebook is not one of those cheesy chick flicks that often come out, it is a brilliantly written intriguing story about two young lovers that most people can relate to.Even most males will agree that this movie pulls at your heart strings. Filled with fabulous quotes, and sentimental moments I found this movie to be one of the best I've seen. I got to know both main characters and found myself relating to each of them. Most of us remember our first love and that strong connection we had with them. This movie makes us think of what could have been and gives us a fresh look at the meaning of true love. I recommend this movie to anyone with a heart. I went into this movie with the misconception of thinking this was just another typical romantic movie, but I was very impressed by this film and the themes portrayed in this movie were handled in a great way.This movie will have you feeling happy and joyful and the scenery is just brilliant. You will feel like you are part of the characters, and you will care about them throughout the whole movie.The movie gallops in speed as we are absorbed into the great plot and brilliant acting of all the cast involved. Ryan Gosling is brilliant as the shy and quiet Noah, and Rachael McAdams is superbly beautiful as the star of the movie, Allie.As I said earlier in my review, I did go into the movie not expecting much and that was because I thought it was a typical "boy loves girl" movie which are sometimes just too predictable. Don't get me wrong, they are some good Romantic movies that pull it off very well, but there are simply too many in that particular genre.The best thing about this movie was the depth of the plot and the actors playing their characters so well. The supporting cast were good, and James Marsden deserves a mention for managing to pull of a hard role as the "rich man" well. Another plus point about this movie was the great script, and you did not see too many "cliches" which is always a good sign in a Romance movie.It does not matter whether you love romantic movies or hate them, this is NOT just a romantic movie it is so more than that. By the end of the movie you will feel a whole heap of emotions. You will be talking about this movie for a long time.The only bad part about this movie is the length, which I think could be shortened a bit but on the whole this was a superb movie which is well worth a watch.Go and Watch this! Amazing movie which will have you brimming with joy.9 1/2 out of 10 This story plays out as Duke, played by James Garner, reads a story about two young people in the 1940s who fall in love and endure life. The movie moves between present-day and the 1940s. It is structurally very similar to "Fried Green Tomatoes", which is also one of my all time favorite movies.Unlike "Fried Green Tomatoes", this focuses on young love as it grows and endures through wars and parental dissent. Sure, the core is the "Romeo and Juilet" theme, but the way is plays out and the exceptional charisma that the actors bring to the screen make it feel fresh and not entirely predictable. This is a deeply romantic movie. If you are cynical at all about romance, timeless love and dedication to another person, you may find yourself rolling your eyes a bit. I am not that cynical about the emotional ties that bind us and I was thoroughly taken in by the story.This is such a gentle movie. The characters are very human and very likable. All of the actors turn in engrossing and compelling performances.Technically, this movie is exceptional, too. The scenes during the opening credits is absolutely breathtaking. The editing is very good. The story is compelling from the opening credits to the closing credits.My wife and I don't always share the same perspective on movies, but we agreed on this one. We both loved it immensely. I am certain this will become part of our permanent collection. The Notebook is one of my all-time favourite movies. Its a constant, and classic love story that makes you feel as if you are there watching it.. as if you are one of the characters, which makes the impact of the story just that much more real. There really are no words to describe how this movie makes you feel, but one thing is for sure... It will make you feel. After watching it, i've often just.. sat where i am and just thought about it. It's just one of those movies that you will think about 30 years after watching it, and still get that same feeling in your heart.. and you'll know that it touched you in one way or another. If you haven't seen it, you really are missing out... Its a classic! I am a big fan of love stories. Lately, the film industry has been lacking the sort of element that I love to see in a movie. The last movie I saw that made me cry as much as "The Notebook" did was "Ghost" with Demi Moore. The casting of Allie and Noah in the movie was exceptional and made the feelings and emotions seem real. After watching the movie in the theater, I noticed every person, including the men, cry as they left the theater. Now when was the last time you saw anything like that?? I bought the movie on DVD the day it came out and have been watching it everday since that day!! I would highly recommend this movie to both males and females. I hesitated to watch this movie for almost 2 years until I got into the Netflix club and saw a little of the movie. I then couldn't wait to receive it by mail but instead, I ran out to the Video store and rented it. It was only a dollar to rent but I can sure say one thing. It was the best dollar that I ever spent. I never had a movie that moved me nor made me shed so many tears and as soon as my wife came in from shoping, I told her that its a must see movie and then started to tell her the who story. Before you knew it, I was at the end and still crying. I am one of those guys that don't easily get moved by movies but this one got to me. Don't get me wrong, It was tears of joy with a little taste of sorrow all thru out.You will love it! I promise. Hear me out lads i do not cry during movies okay but this one really hit me for the last 35 minutes of the movie,,,, i've just been sobbing,,,,,,,, and the movie makes the cut of my top 5 movies of all time easily,,,,,,, i'm just sad i didn't watch it earlier i really missed out didn't i This was one of the greatest love stories that I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. Ryan Gosling was, as always, authentic in his portrayal of Noah, a poor working class guy who falls in love with Allie, a beautiful rich girl who is staying in town with her family on their summer's vacation. The relationship is not well received by Allie's parents which leads Noah to make a decision that he feels is in both of their best interests. The result of a hastily made decision leads our main character down a road that first shuts out true passion as he tries to forget his past hurt. But, a stint in the military, where he experiences loss as well as his loss at home following his service in the military, leads him right back to his heart. The story is deep and bittersweet, but ultimately rewarding. It doesn't get any better than this. Wow! Outstanding! As predictable as the plot may appear, this is one of the greatest love stories ever told on the silver screen; it will melt the hardest of hearts. Don't bring a hankie, bring a towel. The screenplay as well as the adaptation portrayed by the actors was superb. This was not a movie on my RADAR at all; my wife selected it because she previously planned to read the book. What a wonderful surprise. I've never formalized my opinion of a movie before, but I felt it was my duty this time around to include my comments in hopes it might influence someone else to see this wonderful movie. If you're in love, or looking for the definition of love, this is a must see movie! After watching this movie 2 days ago, i refuse watching any other movies cause the satisfying feeling i had while watching is still lasting. For me this is the perfect love movie. And i recommend this movie to everyone including the people of modern day society who forgot what love is really about. After the movie ended it left me crying, and i'm as much a man as a man can be. This is the first time since i've been a kid i cried cause of a movie. I pictured me and my girlfriend growing old together and this movie reminded me that love is the purpose of life, to love and be loved. If you find this movie boring or just didn't like anything about it, means you clearly are missing something in your life, lets all hope each of us finds true love in their lives. It's my film of the year so far. Forget about the clichés, the seagulls, Allie the elder's tasteful turnout etc, this is a first class love story. The mix of the present and the past was exceptional, Noah and Allie present and past was acted very convincingly. An exploration of senile dementia and the test to see if real love can break the barriers that medicine can't. Can a teenage summer romance last a lifetime? I thought the scene where Noah's girlfriend comes to visit was very well done, even though later on Allie's fickleness is a bit upsetting. And while you know or think you can guess how it will end there are a few subtle slight swerves to keep you guessing. Will Allie have an accident, who is the old guy Duke, Noah or Lon? And Gena Rowlands was fantastic as the Allie the elder, I almost fell in love with her myself and I am 30 years younger. Definitely worth the $10 entry fee and if you see it on DVD cuddle up with your other half and be prepared for the sniffles cause it's touching if you have a heart. I usually don't like romantic movies much, but I adored this film. From the start, this movie had a warm feel. The scenery was gorgeous, the acting was wonderful, and the script was so well-written. The relationship between the two stars was amazing, and the chemistry between Rachel MacAdams and Ryan Goseling made this movie amazing. (I am looking forward to seeing more of their work in the future.) THis is a very touching film, and quite beautiful. After seeing it, I wasn't able to stop thinking about it for days. It's a great date movie, and a wonderful film for a rainy day. Just be forewarned that it's a tear-jerker. Two thumbs up! I like every single type of movie. From sci-fi to thriller, from fantasy to romantic. I have watch Gone with the Wind because people say its the best love story ever, along with titanic, but i think that The Notebook beats both of them. Its by far the best love story i've seen. It tells a great story, with good actors, and great scenes. It can relate to everyone, because everyone knows, you just can't forget your first love (or your true love.) The notebook doesn't follow the regular style of a love story, where two odds meet, dislike, like, fall in love, separated by outsider, and end up together. It is more than that, and makes it more enjoyable. The Notebook is the best movie I have seen in a very long time! I love the story, the actors, the scenery...everything. I have NEVER cried when I watched a movie and this one made me cry like a baby in the theater. Which was very emberassing if you ask me. But anyway, The Notebook is the most touching love story I have ever seen. Not to mention Ryan Gosling is 2 die for hot! I can't wait until the movie comes out on video. Which it will be out next month, so go out and buy it because it's such a great movie. Even if you don't see the movie, read the book. The book is just as good but provides a lot more detail into the storyline. And honestly, I don't think the book is as sad. This movie was without question the best love story ever told.Yes I cried bucket of tears.I only wish every husband and wife could watch this together, my wife and I had a box of Kleenex on the bed, and used up the whole box.Being someone who works with people that are sometimes not there, I understand losing touch.I see it every day, and see spouses that have lost touch with their love of their life.The Notebook was incredible.Regards, Dr. Bob There are 101 pages of reviews of this film, so why write another one??Well cause its Jan 2012, and tonight a fourteen year old girl sat with her dad and watched this film for the first time. She isn't a 'cryer' as such, in fact she hardly ever cry's whilst watching films, this one she did. More than that, when I asked what she thought she simply put her hand to her throat and mumbled the words... 'hard to breathe'! This film will leave you finding it hard to breathe.. it's simply that good. Ryan and Racheal are good.. but for me young Mr Garner steals the show.. he is what makes the film for me.. his reading of the story is breathtaking.. and there is one line that has stayed with me since the very first time I heard it... "well thanks doc, you know what they say, science goes only so far, and then comes God.." If you haven't seen this film yet please, please take the time... my little girl was stunned by how good it was and she is very critical at times. As for me.... twentieth time of watching.. and dad still cried at the end.. Watch this and you will never regret!!!I think, it is just a masterpiece of cinema! I have not ever seen more beautiful film! Producer knows how to create romance and a harmony of colors... "The Notebook" is my favorite film, I had seen it many times and I still like it.I advice everybody to watch this amazing film! Because I have not hear any bad opinion about this film. P.S. Sorry for my not very well English:)Dina (as known as Belchonok), Russia P.S.2 You may write me a letter. Have you ever wondered "what if"? What if I had chosen a different path in life? What if I had married my first love? What if, what if, what if? This movie is the ultimate "what if" movie. Beautifully written & casted it draws you in and makes you beg for more. This is the best love story I have ever seen. Ryan Gosler is perfection, he makes you want Noah for yourself. If you've ever had a first love this is the movie you have to see. It's heartbreaking and heartwarming all at the same time. Even the music is so stirring that I had to buy the soundtrack. This movie takes you on an emotional roller coaster that will have you laughing and crying. It will leave you breathless. You can't just watch it once. My husband and I watched this with another couple. All four of us really enjoyed the movie. It is a wonderful movie that I will recommend to everyone I know. I must admit that I'm not normally a "cryer", but I highly recommend that no one watch this film unless you have a steady supply of tissues close at hand. *****SPOILER???****(this is my first comment on this site, so I don't know if this is a spoiler or not??? Better to be safe and mark it so)I loved the scene when Noah took Allie to the old mansion for the first time, and even though they wanted to "prove their love", he was still gentleman enough to say that she didn't have to go through with it if she wasn't ready and that he could wait...that's more indicative of true love instead of just some hungry male trying to get in her pants. I loved, loved, loved this movie...but I didn't understand why her mother would keep all those letters. IF she really desperately wanted Noah out of her daughter's life, then why wouldn't she have destroyed them on the spot? And weren't there inconsistencies with hair colors? Did anyone notice? ********All in all, minor discrepancies aside,this is a must see. For all ages, men and women will love this film. I will certainly add this to my DVD collection. I watched 7 years ago which is still number one of my list If you love romance then this is your movie. The chemistry between Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling is awesome. It's one of those feel good take your breath away with tears movies, well if you're a girl. and it's one that most guys that I know actually have liked. It's a must see! The costumes are unbelievable and the acting is great. Joan Allen plays an excellent character. Make sure to be comfortable because you won't want to get up! The filming is awesome, the sets are awesome, it makes you feel like you really are in the 1940's. Definitely one to buy in my opinion. A classic "star crossed lovers" romance which offers the story of a love that can do miracles. I haven't cried so much from a movie until I saw this one. Drama..Romance..a little bit of subtle comedy..I felt like I was part of the movie..I felt like I could be watching a movie about me! I figured right from the start that the old couple were probably the young children in the story. The movie outline was very interesting. I've never seen a well played movie within a movie.Some part that agitated me was when the movie was getting good but then they would cut back to present day! I mean that was the point of the movie to keep it suspenseful like but here I am crying my eyes out wanting to find out more!! I was very disturbed with Allie, as an older women, having that memory problem because that just isn't how I would picture a love story. Felt really bad for her husband but give him props for still loving and wanting to be with her.I was very surprised seeing Rachel McAdams playing Allie after seeing her in previous teen movies "Hot Chick" and "Mean girls", but her acting in this movie was pretty phenomenal. And Ryan Gosling...very good looking actor who played his character well.I think, though, that they caught Allie's and Noah's stories short towards the ending. I would have loved to watched more about their future. Ending was a little bit weird for me but made sense.Recommended: People who enjoy love stories. 