There are literally hundreds of comments about this movie on IMDB.  Many of them exhort its greatness.  I don't disagree with them.But I'd like to add a suggestion to those of you out there who haven't seen this film.  I'd like to tell you HOW to watch it.The people who made this movie didn't think they were producing a masterpiece. Bergman left the shoot disgusted.  The screenwriters were on salary for Warners, writing half a dozen movies a year, and this was just one more.  Bogie was punching the clock in the middle of a workhorse career.So as an audience member, you can't sit down expecting gilded greatness.Don't have a Casablaca party.  Don't watch it on your first date, hoping it will lend that "Romantic Touch."  Don't watch it as part of your "I need to watch the Best 10 movies of all time" Film School project.Buy this movie on DVD.  Have it at the ready.  And then, one Friday night, when your plans fall through and you find it's 10:30pm and there's nothing on TV that's any good, open a six pack of beer, or pour yourself some wine, and watch this movie in a darkened room.The characters in Casablanca are absolutely devoid of sentimentalism.  Every one of them sees the world without a hint of rose color in their lenses.  As Rick says, "Three little people don't amount to a hill of beans in this big old world."  If you're in a mood where you understand what he's saying, watch this movie and it will transport you.There is no single movie that deserves to be called the best movie of all time.  Because movies, when all is said and done, don't amount to a hill of beans.  They are meant to entertain us, not for us to worship THEM.But no movie has ever known this fact like Casablanca.
If you watch Casablance this way, with no expectations, with no "hype," you might catch 10 percent of its greatness on one viewing.  And that will be enough to start you on your way.Happy viewing, kid. There is a scene about halfway through the movie Casablanca that has become commonly known as 'The Battle of the Anthems' throughout the film's long history. A group of German soldiers has come into Rick's Café American and are drunkenly singing the German National Anthem at the top of their voice. Victor Lazlo, the leader of the French Resistance, cannot stand this act and while the rest of the club stares appalled at the Germans, Lazlo orders the band to play 'Le Marseilles (sic?)' the French National Anthem. With a nod from Rick, the band begins playing, with Victor singing at the top of HIS voice. This in turn, inspires the whole club to begin singing and the Germans are forced to surrender and sit down at their table, humbled by the crowd's dedication. This scene is a turning point in the movie, for reasons that I leave to you to discover. As I watched this movie again tonight for what must be the 100th time, I noticed there was a much smaller scene wrapped inside the bigger scene that, unless you look for it, you may never notice. Yvonne, a minor character who is hurt by Rick emotionally, falls into the company of a German soldier. In a land occupied by the Germans, but populated by the French, this is an unforgivable sin. She comes into the bar desperately seeking happiness in the club's wine, song, and gambling. Later, as the Germans begin singing we catch a glimpse of Yvonne sitting dejectedly at a table alone and in this brief glimpse, it is conveyed that she has discovered that this is not her path to fulfillment and she has no idea where to go from there. As the singing progresses, we see Yvonne slowly become inspired by Lazlo's act of defiance and by the end of the song, tears streaming down her face, she is singing at the top of her voice too. She has found her redemption. She has found something that will make her life never the same again from that point on. Basically, this is Casablanca in a nutshell. On the surface, you may see it as a romance, or as a story of intrigue, but that is only partially correct.The thing that makes Casablanca great is that it speaks to that place in each of us that seeks some kind of inspiration or redemption. On some level, every character in the story receives the same kind of catharsis and their lives are irrevocably changed. Rick's is the most obvious in that he learns to live again, instead of hiding from a lost love. He is reminded that there are things in the world more noble and important than he is and he wants to be a part of them. Louis, the scoundrel, gets his redemption by seeing the sacrifice Rick makes and is inspired to choose a side, where he had maintained careful neutrality. The stoic Lazlo gets his redemption by being shown that while thousands may need him to be a hero, there is someone he can rely upon when he needs inspiration in the form of his wife, who was ready to sacrifice her happiness for the chance that he would go on living. Even Ferrai, the local organized crime leader gets a measure of redemption by pointing Ilsa and Lazlo to Rick as a source of escape even though there is nothing in it for him. This is the beauty of this movie. Every time I see it (and I have seen it a lot) it never fails that I see some subtle nuance that I have never seen before. Considering that the director would put that much meaning into what is basically a throw away moment (not the entire scene, but Yvonne's portion) speaks bundles about the quality of the film. My wife and I watched this movie on our first date, and since that first time over 12 years ago, it has grown to be, in my mind, the greatest movie ever made. Spoilers ahead, but then again, who isn't familiar with Casablanca, even if one hasn't seen it?I've been watching 'Casablanca' over and over again since I bought the Special Edition DVD, and is there any film out there one can watch again and again without ever being tired of it? And does any film appeal to a broader audience? Just everything about it seems to be as close to perfection as it only can be.But what exactly is so special about it? Is it its great genre mix, never equaled by another film? When we think of 'Casablanca' first, we remember it as a romantic film (well, most of us do). But then again, its also a drama involving terror, murder and flight. One can call it a character study, centering on Rick. And there are quite a few moments of comedic delight, just think of the pickpocket ("This place is full of vultures, vultures everywhere!") or the elderly couple on the last evening before their emigration to the US ("What watch?").But 'Casablanca' is not only great as a whole, it still stands on top if we break it apart and look at single lines of dialog, scenes or performances alone. Is there any other film which has more quotable dialog than 'Casablanca'? 'Pulp Fiction' is on my mind here, and 'All About Eve' and 'Sunset Blvd.' come close, too, but still I think 'Casablanca' tops everything else. And not only is the dialog great, it's unforgettably delivered, especially by Humphrey Bogart ("I was misinformed.") and Claude Rains ("I am shocked, shocked to find that gambling is going on here"). Many of scenes have become a part of film history; the duel of 'Die Wacht am Rhein' and 'La Marseillaise' is probably one of the greatest scenes ever shot (the only I can think of that would rival it for the #1 spot is Hynkel and the globe from Chaplin's 'The Great Dictator'), and the last scene is probably even familiar to the few people who've never seen 'Casablanca'. Am I the only one who is absolutely convinced that the film wouldn't have become what it is today if Rick and Ilsa would have ended up as the lucky couple?About the performances: So much has been said about the uniqueness of Humphrey Bogart's and Ingrid Bergman's chemistry as Rick and Ilsa, about Claude Rains' terrific turn as Renault, about the scene-stealing performances by Peter Lorre (one of the 10 all-time greatest actors) as Ugarte and Sydney Greenstreet as Ferrari and about Dooley Wilson stopping the show as Sam. I'd love to emphasize here two other performances, one that is not mentioned quite as often and one which is blatantly overlooked: Conrad Veidt as Major Strasser had a really difficult task here, as his character is the only evil one, but still Strasser is not a one-dimensional character, and it took more than 50 years until another actor gave an equally (maybe even more) impressive performance as a Nazi, Ralph Fiennes in 'Schindler's List'. But why no one ever mentions S. K. Sakall, who plays Carl, the jolly waiter at Rick's Café Américain, is beyond me. He has definitely more screen time than Lorre, Greenstreet and Wilson, and probably about as much as Veidt, and he's a joy whenever he's on the screen. I simply love his reaction when the pickpocket ("Vultures everywhere!") accidentally bumps into him, or the reaction to the "What watch"-dialog. Or how he says he gave Strasser the best table, "being a German, he would have taken it anyway". His performance is simply criminally overlooked.So is there a weakest link in 'Casablanca'? Every film, no matter how close to perfection, has a minor flaw or two, so one can find them in 'Casablanca', too, if one really tries hard. So yes, one might ask how much sense the entire mumbo jumbo about the letters of transit makes. One might point out that Paul Henreid, although his performance is certainly good, doesn't come close to the greatness of any of his co-stars. However, the film is so close to perfection that I'm almost ashamed that I'm so desperately trying to find less-than-perfect elements.So whatever films will come, how many sequels will overflow the screen, and how much junk we will have to sit through, one thing is certain if we're desperate to see a great film: We'll always have Casablanca! "Casablanca" remains Hollywood's finest moment, a film that succeeds on such a vast scale not because of anything experimental or deliberately earthshaking in its design, but for the way it cohered to and reaffirmed the movie-making conventions of its day. This is the film that played by the rules while elevating the form, and remains the touchstone for those who talk about Hollywood's greatness.It's the first week in December, 1941, and in the Vichy-controlled African port city of Casablanca, American ex-pat Rick Blaine runs a gin joint he calls "Rick's Cafe Americaine." Everybody comes to Rick's, including thieves, spies, Nazis, partisans, and refugees trying to make their way to Lisbon and, eventually, America. Rick is a tough, sour kind of guy, but he's still taken for a loop when fate hands him two sudden twists: A pair of unchallengeable exit visas, and a woman named Ilsa who left him broken-hearted in Paris and now needs him to help her and her resistance-leader husband escape.Humphrey Bogart is Rick and Ingrid Bergman is Ilsa, in roles that are archetypes in film lore. They are great parts besides, very multilayered and resistant to stereotype, and both actors give career performances in what were great careers. He's mad at her for walking out on him, while she wants him to understand her cause, but there's a lot going on underneath with both, and it all spills out in a scene in Rick's apartment that is one of many legendary moments."Casablanca" is a great romance, not only for being so supremely entertaining with its humor and realistic-though-exotic wartime excitement, but because it's not the least bit mushy. Take the way Rick's face literally breaks when he first sees Ilsa in his bar, or how he recalls the last time he saw her in Paris: "The Germans wore gray, you wore blue." There's a real human dimension to these people that makes us care for them and relate to them in a way that belies the passage of years.For me, and many, the most interesting relationship in the movie is Rick and Capt. Renault, the police prefect in Casablanca who is played by Claude Rains with a wonderful subtlety that builds as the film progresses. Theirs is a relationship of almost perfect cynicism, one-liners and professions of neutrality that provide much humor, as well as give a necessary display of Rick's darker side before and after Ilsa's arrival.But there's so much to grab onto with a film like this. You can talk about the music, or the way the setting becomes a living character with its floodlights and Moorish traceries. Paul Henreid is often looked at as a bit of a third wheel playing the role of Ilsa's husband, but he manages to create a moral center around which the rest of the film operates, and his enigmatic relationship with Rick and especially Ilsa, a woman who obviously admires her husband but can't somehow ever bring herself to say she loves him, is something to wonder at.My favorite bit is when Rick finds himself the target of an entreaty by a Bulgarian refugee who just wants Rick's assurance that Capt. Renault is "trustworthy," and that, if she does "a bad thing" to secure her husband's happiness, it would be forgivable. Rick flashes on Ilsa, suppresses a grimace, tries to buy the woman off with a one-liner ("Go back to Bulgaria"), then finally does a marvelous thing that sets the whole second half of the film in motion without much calling attention to itself.It's not fashionable to discuss movie directors after Chaplin and before Welles, but surely something should be said about Michael Curtiz, who not only directed this film but other great features like "Captain Blood" and "Angels With Dirty Faces." For my money, his "Adventures Of Robin Hood" was every bit "Casablanca's" equal, and he even found time the same year he made "Casablanca" to make "Yankee Doodle Dandy." When you watch a film like this, you aren't so much aware of the director, but that's really a testament to Curtiz's artistry. "Casablanca" is not only exceptionally well-paced but incredibly well-shot, every frame feeling well-thought-out and legendary without distracting from the overall story.Curtiz was a product of the studio system, not a maverick like Welles or Chaplin, but he found greatness just as often, and "Casablanca," also a product of the studio system, is the best example. It's a film that reminds us why we go back to Hollywood again and again when we want to refresh our imaginations, and why we call it "the dream factory." As the hawker of linens tells Ilsa at the bazaar, "You won't find a treasure like this in all Morocco." Nor, for that matter, in all the world. My favorite film of all time. Beautiful plot that naturally weaves together and builds to a truly emotional climax. Could affect even the most nihilistic of people. A masterpiece that is truly one of the greatest films ever made. 10/10 Casablanca is a film about the personal tragedy of occupation and war.  It speaks to the oppression of the one side - and the heroism and self-deprecation of the other.  From opportunists, to isolationists - from patriots to disenchanted lovers - the film has everything a man or woman would enjoy.  Bravery, courage, intrigue, romance, beauty and love. Leading actors to please any appetite.  Watching this film is to step back to a world that doesn't exist - yet to know it.  It is to experience lives that have never been lived - but are "real to you."  It is to know pain and joy, pride and pity for characters that are a fiction - yet are so real that you can't help but get lost in their story.Amazing cast, memorable dialogue, unforgettable story.  Through this film, Casablanca will always live in my heart and I will think of its characters as family.Seeing it for the first time is truly the start of a romance with ideals that will live in you long after credits end. Michael Curtiz's "Casablanca" opens on maps while a narrator gives a detailed exposition of the many twists and turns of Casablanca in the French Morocco, as a refugee route from wartime Europe...The Nazi envoy, Major Heinrich Strasser puts it: 'Human life is cheap in Casablanca." Of course because a man may be executed in its crowded market before Marshal Pétain's portrait or where a charming girl may guarantee an exit visa by spending her night with the Prefect of Police...Rick's Café is the point of intersection, the espionage center, the background for Allied offensive, the focal point as refugees from Nazi-occupied Europe seek to gain exit visas to Lisboa... The interesting club so well organized, leads to an open arena of conspiracy, counterspies, secret plans, black market transactions, in which the games and fights are between arrogant Nazis, patriotic French, idealists, murderers, pickpockets and gamblers around a roulette wheel, where a ball could rest on Rick's command against the settled number 22..."Casablanca" is an adventure film which victory is not won with cannons and guns... The action, the fight, the war takes place inside Rick's walls rather than outside...But who is this Rick? What is his magical power? His secret weapon? Rick is the anti-fascist with hard feelings, the former soldier of fortune who has grown tired of smuggling and fighting, and is now content to sit out the war in his own neutral territory... Even loyalty to a friend doesn't move him as he refuses to help Ugarte, a desperately frightened little courier who is fleeing from the police...Emphatically, Rick says, "I stick my neck out for nobody." But we know he will do just that in a very short time, for into his quiet life comes a haunting vision from his past, the beautiful woman he still loves and bitterly remembers... She is married to an underground leader and she desperately needs those papers Rick conveniently now has in his possession... The cynical Rick's facade of neutrality begins to weaken as he recalls the bittersweet memories of his past love affair, memories triggered repeatedly when the strains of "As Time Goes By" come from Sam, his piano-playing confidante...But "Casablanca" basic message is a declaration of self-sacrifice... War World II demanded all! The words stated by Rick at the airport had their impact: 'The problems of three people don't amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world.' It goes without saying that Bogart is incomparable when he seems most like himself... His way with a line makes "Casablanca" dialog part of the collective memory: 'I remember every detail. The Germans wore gray. You were blue.' Intermixed in this intrigue are all the fascinating and beautifully acted supporting roles… With his customary skill, Claude Rains plays Major Renault, a prefect of police who is like Bogart in many ways... He, too, claims neutrality, but is definitely against the Nazis... He is Rick's most devoted adversary, tauntingly calling the man a "sentimentalist" and delivering his share of cynically amusing lines... When he makes a small bet and is encouraged to make a bigger one, he remarks that he is only a "poor corrupt official." Ingrid Bergman is fascinating as the lovely heroine, the mysterious impossible woman of an impossible love, the tender mood of every man, the love-affair, the quality of being romantic, the traditional woman enclosed by two rivals, symbol of a besieged Europe...Paul Henreid is Victor Laszlo, the anti-Nazi resistance leader, seeking in Morocco the two letters of transit signed by General De Gaulle...Sidney Greenstreet is the black marketeer on good terms with Rick, the rival owner of the 'Blue Parrot,' the acceptable face of corruption...Peter Lorre is Ugarte, the racketeer, the dealer of anything illegal, the killer, driven into a corner by the Vichy police, who has given Rick two letter of transit...Conrad Veidt is the very essence of German rigidity, unfeeling, unconcerned about life, but firmly believing in the foolish ideology of his Nazi compatriots..."Casablanca" covers many highlights: The Marseillaise against the Horst Wessel song inspiring sequence; the blissful days in Paris; Ilsa's emotional words to Rick in occupied Paris; the champagne toast; Ilsa's request to Sam; the poetry of the magic words and the beautiful voice of Dooley Wilson; Captain Renault's words in the airport; and the farewell...The magic that developed from the teaming of Bogart and Bergman is enough to make a new romantic figure out of the former tough guy... To his cynicism, his own code of ethics, his hatred of the phoniness in all human behavior, he now added the softening traits of tenderness and compassion and a feeling of heroic commitment to a cause... They helped him complete the portrayal of the ideal man who all men wished to rival...One can look at hundreds of films produced during this period without finding any whose composite pieces fall so perfectly into place... Its photography is outstanding, the music score is inventive, the editing is concise and timed perfectly... Bogart's and Bergman's love scenes create a genuinely romantic aura, capturing a sensitivity between the two stars one would not have believed possible..."Casablanca" is a masterpiece of entertainment, an outstanding motion picture which brought Bogart his first Academy Award nomination (he lost to Paul Lukas for "Watch On the Rhine") and won Awards for Best Picture of the Year, Best Director and Best Screenplay... The Petrified Forest convinced the world Bogart was a bad guy. And for years he shocked and awed the audience with roles fitting that image. The Maltese Falcon showed a new kind hero, one with an edge. Bogart, with all the right things to say and seemingly never losing his cool. Then came Casablanca and the ages. The man's – man comes with a heart. Arguably, three of his best pictures. All showing a change in a man's character and the depths of what acting is supposed to be. Maybe it was Warner Bros all along. Maybe Bogart was simply Bogart.What can I say about this film that hasn't been said in over 60 years since its release. Is it a great film? Yes. Is it a showcase for Bogart? If not, than what else. Was Bogart the coolest guy to ever live? Absolutely. Casablanca is a different kind of love story, more likely to infect rather than effect.She almost makes me believe it every time. When she says, "You're very kind." Bergman was more than just beautiful. And with Paul Henreid, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt and Peter Lorre, cinema magic was created. But to me, Bogart was the greatest actor of all time. It's hard for me to believe he died almost 50 years ago. Every time I watch his films, it's like they were made yesterday. And that's why he is timeless. I'm still trying to figure him out."I should never have switched from scotch to martinis." Is said to be Bogart's last words. A legend, indeed. It's one of the great Hollywood legends how George Raft helped make Humphrey Bogart a leading man by turning down in succession, High Sierra, The Maltese Falcon, and Casablanca. Maybe Raft showed some good sense in letting a better actor handle those roles. In any event we've got some proof in the case of Casablanca.Check out some time a film called Background to Danger that Warner Brothers did with George Raft that also featured Peter Lorre and Sydney Greenstreet. Had Raft ever done Casablanca the film would have been a routine action/adventure story just like Background to Danger. Instead with Bogey we get that, but also one of the great love stories of the century. Humphrey Bogart set the standard for playing expatriate American soldiers of fortune in Casablanca. Right now he's between wars running Rick's Cafe Americain in Casablanca in Morocco, an area controlled for the moment by the Vicky French government. He's got his fingers in a whole lot of pies, but Bogey operates with his own code of ethics. He sticks his neck out for nobody.Nobody except the great love of his life Ingrid Bergman who left him mysteriously in Paris as he was fleeing the oncoming German occupation. She walks back into his life with a husband, Paul Henreid who is a well known anti-fascist leader.The rest of the film is a contest for Bogey's soul. Torn between his great love, his own anti-fascist beliefs, and certain practical necessities of operating a liquor and gaming establishment in a hostile environment. So many things combine to make Casablanca the great film it is. Ingrid Bergman's lovely incandescence melding and melting Bogey's cynical screen persona. The indelible characterizations of Peter Lorre, Sydney Greenstreet, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt and the whole rest of a 100% perfectly cast film. And the revival of a great ballad which serves as Casablanca's theme song.I say revival because As Time Goes By was introduced in 1931 in the George White Scandals on Broadway by Rudy Vallee. He made a record of it which sold quite a few disks back then. But by the merest of coincidences there was a strike that lasted two years that just began around the time Casablanca came out. The Musicians Union struck against the record companies. With no new records being made RCA Victor re-released Vallee's record and it became a monster hit on revival.Also when Casablanca came out as if the White House had a personal interest in the film FDR and Churchill had the first of their wartime conferences in----Casablanca of all places. Jack Warner must have said a prayer for that to happen.There are so many classic scenes and lines from Casablanca you can write a comment just by listing them. But my favorite has always been when the Germans have taken over Rick's place and are singing some of their songs, Paul Henreid goes to orchestra leader and asks him to lead La Marsellaise. With a nod from Bogey, the orchestra plays, Henreid leads them and the rest of the non-Germans in the cafe join in. Over 60 years later, one still gets a thrill from that act of defiance.Bogart and Rains were nominated for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor. Any of the others could have been as well. As I said before Casablanca is perfectly cast right down to minor roles like Curt Bois as a pickpocket, John Qualen as a fellow resistance leader, and S.Z. Sakall as a waiter at Rick's. If there was an award for ensemble cast, Casablanca would have won it. As it was it did win for Best Picture of 1943 and best director for Michael Curtiz.Casablanca will be seen and loved by filmgoers for generations unto infinity, as time goes by. In December 1941, American expatriate Rick Blaine owns an upscale nightclub and gambling den in Casablanca. "Rick's Café Américain" attracts a varied clientele, including Vichy French and German officials, refugees desperate to reach the still-neutral United States, and those who prey on them. Although Rick professes to be neutral in all matters, he ran guns to Ethiopia during its war with Italy and fought on the Loyalist side in the Spanish Civil War.Petty crook Ugarte boasts to Rick of "letters of transit" obtained by murdering two German couriers. The papers allow the bearers to travel freely around German-controlled Europe and to neutral Portugal, and are priceless to the refugees stranded in Casablanca. Ugarte plans to sell them at the club, and asks Rick to hold them. Before he can meet his contact, Ugarte is arrested by the local police under the command of Captain Louis Renault, the unabashedly corrupt Vichy prefect of police. Ugarte dies in custody without revealing that he entrusted the letters to Rick.Now let's clear up some rumors. Muh has been written about "Casablanca" but a few rumors often get repeated. One of them is Ingrid Bergman saying "The screenplay was not completed when they started shooting". That is not true. Warner Brothers never put a film into production unless they had a complete screenplay. Now they kept a few things secret from Ingrid Bergman. She did not have a complete screenplay. The director and Warners thought they would get a better performance out of her if she did not know a few things. However it was not uncommon for "things to change" while a film was in production. "Casablanca was no exception! Another rumor was that Ronald Reagan was cast to play Ric! He was only "thought of" but for only a few seconds. Almost everyone in Hollywood was until Bogart was cast! Rumor #3 The film was an out of control production! This is not true! This was shot in 18 days. Another things people don't quit notice is how fast people talk in this film! The film runs 102 minutes. The screenplay is 125+ minutes. The average screenplay is one minute of screen time per written page! If this film was made by today's standards it would run almost 45 minutes longer.Now if you never seen the film you are lucky. The film is exciting as it is romantic. Not one minute of screen time is squandered. Today's filmmakers would not know how to make a film like this unless "Batman" plays Ric! CASABLANCA is the best treatment ever of the ancient theme of the love triangle.  Set in World War II Casablanca, a Moroccan city under the control of the collaborationist Vichy French government, the movie starts with a news wire that two German couriers have been murdered and their letters of transit stolen.  Each letter will permit one person to leave Casablanca to a neutral country.Enter Humphrey Bogart as Rick Blaine, owner of the shady but cheerful Cafe Americaine.  Rick is a cynical and hard-nosed man whose motto is, "I stick my neck out for nobody."  Like many a cynic, Rick is an embittered ex-idealist, still nursing his wounds from being abandoned by his lover Ilsa (Ingrid Bergman).  By chance he falls into possession of the missing letters of transit.Enter Ilsa, who comes to Casablanca on the arm of Czech Resistance leader Victor Laszlo (Paul Henreid), a few steps ahead of the Nazi police.  We now have three people and two letters of transit.  Who will reach America, and who will stay in Casablanca?I know no other movie that so perfectly balances humor, romance, and drama. The soul of good drama lies in presenting characters with hard choices, and few choices are as hard, or as illuminating of the protagonists' makeup, as the choices in CASABLANCA.  All of the characters must decide what they will give up for love, for honor, and for themselves.  The scenes of Rick and Ilsa's love, years ago in Paris, are some of the finest romantic scenes in cinema.  And the humor, particularly in the person of Casablanca's Prefect of Police, Louis Renault, has contributed dozens of dry witticisms to our everyday language - "I am shocked! Shocked! - "The Germans wore gray, you wore blue." - "I was misinformed." - "It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca, and the Germans have outlawed miracles."  So perfectly blended are these three major elements that you cannot point to a single shot or scene that should have been eliminated from the movie.  Never try to watch only one scene from CASABLANCA; you will inevitably be absorbed until the very end of the film.  It is little short of miraculous that the chaotically mismanaged shooting of this movie resulted in such a magnificent final product; it speaks volumes for luck and for Owen Marks' and Michael Curtiz' post-production editing.I have never encountered a movie whose supporting cast was so perfectly realized.  Every minor character is a fleshed-out, realistic individual, from Sasha to Carl the headwaiter to Rick's competitor Ferrari to the self-effacing criminal Ugarte.  Claude Rains' Captain Renault ("I'm only a poor corrupt official") steals scene after scene, and Dooley Wilson's Sam is a refreshingly loyal, charismatic and sympathetic conception from an era when almost all black characters were rendered as demeaning stereotypes. The only character who tastes of the cliche is the villainous Major Strasser, which can be forgiven in a wartime production.The only film I have ever seen as tautly effective as CASABLANCA is GLORY. Although the 54th Mass.'s story is arguably superior even to CASABLANCA for sheer dramatic power and acting talent, GLORY lacks CASABLANCA's wonderful humor and romance, which causes me to give the edge to Curtiz' classic as the better-rounded movie.  I have yet to see CASABLANCA surpassed.Rating: **** out of ****. "Casablanca" is a timely and timeless classic about a politically neutral saloon owner Rick in unoccupied France at a crossroads of destiny, conviction, and courage in his life. "Casablanca" is on the top of every film class's watchlist to study for just about every aspect of filmmaking imaginable. While the film's plot is air-shut tight and the characterization feels authentic over 70 years later, the main focus of "Casablanca" is idea focused. During a time of political neutrality, America was entering the war as was Rick, our hard-on-the-edges protagonist. This can be considered an "enlist" film to anyone on the fence. Because of it's conviction-driven focus on ideas and philosophy, and how grounded those struggles feel, "Casablanca" remains one of the most well regarded classics of all time. The struggles of Rick are applicable to anyone who watches the film, drawing on universal themes like conviction, courage, compassion, and love. The character of Rick is a fascinating one on an individual basis. We're set up to a character who's meticulous and thoughtful in the way he does things, paralleled by the chess game he has with no one. At the same time, we know of his loneliness without a partner to play with. We understand the respect he commands with patrons of the saloon yet the deep friendship he experiences with Sam. And while his corrupt inner shell shared with the chief is off-putting like a villain, we know he's "...at heart, a sentimentalist" when we learn of his passionate love for Ingrid Bergman's Ilsa. "Casablanca" also features some of cinema's most iconic and beautifully crafted cinematography by the great Arthur Edeson and of course the director, Michael Curtiz's masterful control of capturing the romantic moment. Not only on a story-telling, narrative perspective, "Casablanca" is worth studying for it's remarkable technical quality. While the film may be as close to perfect as one can get, some of the third act moments can feel unnatural and forced which could disorient some modern viewers. Nitpicking aside, "Casablanca" remains one of cinema's finest pieces of celluloid to date. Anyone looking for another round of film study or a clean dive into old classic films, this would be perfect to start with. It's rich in themes, characters, and intelligence. The plot is excellent, the chemistry is palpable, the acting superb, and the dialogue is amazing. I'm so glad I finally watched this classic. It didn't disappoint, and even had some surprising plot twists. One of the greatest movies ever made flawless in all aspects and a film that will never be forgotten by the fans and the people in general recommend watching it perfect movie for all family and all ages.
With one of the greatest endings in the history of cinema! Probably the most legendary movie of all time, I finally got to see it, it was a great hole in my movie-viewing history. And finally I got to understand why a classic movie like this has made its mark in history. The intricate political plot comes first, and sets the movie on a melting pot of the second world war, where everyone hopes and dies for an opportunity to reach the USA via Lisbon. This would provide sufficient material for hundreds of movies, but enter Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, magnificent cinematography, role model storytelling, a perfect supporting cast, some of the best dialogue ever commited to celluloid and Dooley Wilson singing THAT song, and history was made. More than 60 years of jaw-drops are sufficient to give the sceptics a good reason to make them understand that this is probably the greatest classic movie of all times, and one of the best ever made in the past, present and future. Any film with Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman would be worthwhile watching.  However this film keeps one's attention from the beginning and doesn't let go until the end.  The writing was excellent.  The acting also the same.  The story line is a classic.  This is the nearest to perfect a film has ever become.  Godfather is close also, but Casablanca is the best!!! Casablanca is the consummate Hollywood film.  It is superbly directed, acted, and filmed.  Bogart is amazing, the characters are deep and engaging.This is easily one of the greatest films of all time.  The story is timeless and meaningful, full of heart and should endure for another fifty years with no problems.  A true masterpiece and the benchmark by which all other films should be measured.  If you haven't seen it, you are at a profound loss.  If you have then you know the greatness of this film. An absolute classic. I watched this for a film project in school a few years back and I was surprised at how much detail was in this film knowing its history. Highly recommend everyone watch this film, its a classic. Why do I consider this to be the greatest film ever, to begin with I consider it to be the most enjoyable film I have ever watched and the most re-watchable. The key ingredients in my mind include; wonderful dialogue (so many quotable oft repeated lines), amazing performances, a superb story that while relatively straightforward is also highly enjoyable and finally the great black and white cinematography. Beyond these ingredients its also a film moves quickly and I can't think of a single scene I found either uninteresting or unnecessary.For those that desire a synopsis, Rick (Humphrey Bogart) is an American expatriate running a popular nightclub in Casablanca a city under Vichy control. The cool disinterested facade Rick maintains is shaken when Ilsa (Ingrid Bergman) his former lover whom he thought dead appears suddenly in his club with her husband a resistance leader who requires safe passage out of German controlled territory. In order for the escape to succeed Rick must not only hide them from the Germans but also the local French police commander (Claude Raines) who is a friend but also a collaborator.My favorite performance here will always be that of Humphrey Bogart as Rick a man of nobility while evidencing ambivalence, but his performance is closely followed by the wonderful Claude Raines and the limited but iconic performances of Sydney Greenstreet and Peter Lorre. While Ingrid Bergman apparently did not enjoy her experience and it may not be among her greatest roles I thought it was still a great performance, and also that the chemistry between Bogart and herself was utterly convincing. Further I found both Paul Henreid in the thankless role of the other man in the love triangle and Conrad Veidt as the local German commander to be quite effective along with a good supporting cast.As I have seen more and more of Michael Curtiz films I have come to believe he is an underrated director, its true he was not an auteur but a studio director who made the films he was assigned and he was not apparently a pleasant person to work with he has did leave behind an incredible legacy of films. I don't know about you, but this is my favorite movie of all time! Wow! Ingrid Bergman was at her best in this one, as well as her most sad, doe-eyed, beautiful. The part of Rick seemed made for Bogey, with the snappy repartee, and the cynical shell around what Renault refers to as "a rank sentimentalist". It seems like every time I see this film I notice something new. This time it had to do with the Bulgarian woman, Annina Brandel, who Rick rescues from the carnal plotting of Captain Renault. I never gave this scene much thought, just assuming that it was a way to plumb the limits of Rick's cynicism, as noted above. But later, during the scene where Ilsa tells Rick that she'll stay with him if he will use the letters of transit for Laszlo, I realized that the two scenes were a common theme, that Rick realizes he'd be no different from Renault if he followed through with that. I guess one gets lazy seeing modern Hollywood fare. Nowadays, the director would have used a flashback image or something, in order to bludgeon the viewer with the correlation. But back then, with a better-educated public, one could allow audiences to discover things for themselves. It was also skillful how these films could be more or less suitable for children, as well as adults. When I saw this film as a child, it never occurred to me that Rick and Ilsa had had sex. But the clues, while too subtle for a child, were pretty obvious to me as a man. Like many people this film is my all-time favorite. Grade: A+++++ They're all gone now, but you have to tip your hat to the remarkable talent behind this production, the dedication and the love of doing it all. A real tribute to the best in the biz. Amen. Generation after generation will continue to love this splendid film, just as many previous generations have enjoyed this movie in the past!! (The principle reason for me bastardizing one of this movie's famous quotes) "Casablanca" has, undeniably, withstood the test of time!! This film evokes a romantic humanism into the thick of World War II!!! Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman are magnificent as the tormented love interest duo who do not seem to be able to piece everything together, they just know they love each other, and more importantly, something clicks!!! Originally, Ronald Reagan and Ann Sheriden were cast for the roles of Rick and Ilsa, as it turns out, you cannot imagine any two other people besides Humphry Bogart and Ingrid Bergman for the roles!! These two performers exude more of a continental flair!! The American fascination for this flick is thoroughly justified!! Winning the academy award for best picture in 1943, "Casablanca" was just one of the many movies in the late 1930's and early 1940's which epitomized an era for excellent movies!! Based on the book "Everybody Comes To Ricks", Hal B. Wallis produces this film with a flawless orchestration!! The place, Casablanca, becomes a citadel of despondence and despair for so many people, yet for Rick and Ilsa, (Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman) the situation is tailor made for a passionate redemption!! Max Steiner encompasses a necessary nostalgia with the music in this film. "As Time Goes By" (made in 1931) became enormously popular with this movie!! The whole scene is set up whereby Paris becomes a venue for unprecedented and wondrous romanticism!! "Casablanca" is, without question, one of the greatest movies ever made!! You must remember this, a movie is just a movie!! Unless!! It is the movie of all time; "Casablanca"!! I will see "Casablanca" over and over and over again and never be tired of it!! EVERYBODY SHOULD SEE THIS MOVIE!! I guarantee you, you will not be disappointed!!! This film has 6 of the top 100 famous quotes in the history of all American film making!! Humphrey Bogart and Marlon Brando may lay claim to the most quotes from this list. Many colloquialisms from "Casablanca" have fallen within the realm of popular modern day jargon!! This website ranks "Casablanca" 11th best picture out of the top 250. AFI (American Film Institue) ranks "Casablanca" the second best American film ever made. I feel this is very impressive!! You will truly marvel at this film, in fact, if you do not think "Casablanca" is not one of the greatest films you have ever seen, I will be utterly amazed!!! AN ALL TIME MOVIE CLASSIC!!!!!! Casablanca is just an extraordinary film, if I had to describe it in one word, it would have to be perfection! I honestly don't care that it's an old film, I personally think that's not a convincing enough excuse for hating a film as wonderful as this , because you are seriously missing out, if you haven't seen it. The cinematography is just fantastic, with clever brooding camera-work. The music by Max Steiner is outstanding, from the sweeping haunting love theme As Time Goes By, to the excerpts of the french national anthem. The scene where everyone starts singing in the café was extraordinary and one of the many highlights of the film. The screenplay is unquestionably one of the finest in the history of cinema, right up there with Shawshank Redemption and All About Eve, containing great memorable lines such as "seems as though Destiny is at hand". The performances were superlative, Humphrey Bogart giving one of cinema's greatest lead performances as the "cynical sentimentalist" Rick Blain. Also superb are Ingrid Bergman who positively lights up the screen as Ilsa, the young woman who breaks his heart, Paul Henreid as the fugitive husband, and Claude Rains as Captain Renault. The plot is a little complicated, but I couldn't help being impressed with the performances and the screenplay. Not to mention a timeless love story that I don't think has ever been topped. Overall, a masterpiece, that quite rightly received an academy award for best picture. 10/10 Bethany Cox Casablanca... the movie by which all others are judged. A classic for the ages. Not before nor after will such a brilliant piece of cinematic brilliance exist. Yet... I see scattered low reviews, even 1's that are absolutely appalling. Which brings me to my point.. people can have their opinions, but when they go against everything that makes good common sense I have to conclude they must live a very miserable life. There is simply no justification to give Casablanca a poor rating.. none. It will continue to endure those few callous smears throughout history as it is as timeless as infinity. To quote Rick.. "We'll always have Casablanca". 