Another movie that i say "i should've watched before". Intense romantic drama. Fascinating portrait of loneliness in a post-digital world. Amazingly original screenplay, concept, musics, especially colors and performance from Joaquin Phoenix. This made me stay with myself after the credits have finished, i found myself reflecting on my own life and relationships. This is the best film I have seen all year, and I saw just about every good film to hit theaters in 2013. I think it's because it is so representational of what it's like to be human.There are so many things that make this movie special, but I'll just mention a few. 1. The score is INCREDIBLE. The music paired with the beautiful sound design make you FEEL the movie. Sure, you see everything on the screen, which is already beautiful, but then that music hits you and the emotions just start to run. I laughed, I cried, my brain got all tingly. It was an emotional roller coaster, and the score assisted in that so well. 2. The script. I knew how this movie was going to end 30 minutes in. And unlike most who would then say that it's predictable and not worth watching, I consider that awesome, because it means that the script is tight enough to tell a good story with a believable arc. Every scene in this movie is straight up powerful! Like it will fill your heart with sadness and happiness and pain and guilt and confusion. And then rinse and repeat. For 2 hours. It moves through all of the most complex and interesting questions that we should be asking ourselves about what it means to be a human being. About what it means to be alive. This film is about all that life is. And after the screening, as well as during, I found myself questioning things in my own life that either don't make sense or don't have to make sense. Like love and thoughts and emotions. They're all so natural and yet none of us truly understand how they work. In my opinion, moreso than any other film this year, Her has the perfect mix of complex ideas, story, and character development. One of the best scripts ever written. 3. Cinematography. My personal favorite shot to see and use is the extreme close up. And that shot was all over this movie. The reason I love it so much and believe it works so well is because it allows you to see the emotions of the character so plainly. Like their face is right in your face, so you just have to look at it. And that's where Joaquin shines. He delivers such a powerful and emotional performance and the close ups are there to capture it all. They also make great use of the natural backlighting of Shanghai, and the colors all fuse to make it a really pretty movie. I'd say the cinematography is on par with Drive and/or Lost in Translation in terms of the style. It looks like every shot was photographed with the intent to make it the most beautiful shot in the film. And I admire the DP's work. He did a really great job. More than anything though, this film just made me feel. Everything about it was so beautiful. I didn't want it to end. I felt like the film was controlling me - playing with my mind as if it were a joystick. And that's just something you don't get every day. Very rarely am I awe- stricken by a movie, and this film made my jaw drop. It is without a doubt the best film of the year, and upon just one viewing, one of my top 5 favorite movies of all time. Okay let's get something straight: There is nothing I love more than badass, exhilarating movies! The Joker performing his little pencil magic trick, Indiana Jones dodging traps and swinging his lion-taming whip at enemies, the bride in kill bill punching her way out of a closed coffin with her bare hands, John McClane single-handedly annihilating an airplane in mid-air while exclaiming the best one-liner known to mankind and I could go on and on...HOWEVER, nothing compares to the emotional rollercoaster the movie "Her" took me. It's nothing short of a masterpiece, a unique way of describing a love story and it makes you think of what it actually means to be human.
I just didn't want it to end and even after multiple rewatches, it still manages to take me off guard and make me tear up because of how beautiful and sad at the same time it all is. I can't remember any movie being able to achieve that. So yeah, definitely check this one out.And for those who are wondering: this is my third favourite movie of all time. Talk about closing with a bang. Spike Jonze's long-awaited original film about a writer that falls in love with his operating system is not only the best film to play at this year's New York Film Festival; it very well could be the very best film of the year. "Her" is the finest writing and directorial endeavor of Spike Jonze's career. And then there's the towering and crowning work of Academy Award nominee Joaquin Phoenix who proves once again, he's the finest actor working today, hands down. You can't find a more dynamic and compelling story about the human connection and where we're headed as a society.When "Her" opens up, it snaps you immediately into the story. Phoenix plays Theodore, a writer for a website that makes letters for just about anyone. As he tries to find life during the midst of his divorce from his wife Catherine (played by a beautiful Rooney Mara), Theodore finds solace in a friendship with a new OS (operating system) named Samantha (voiced by Scarlett Johansson). The two develop a relationship in a world where OS's are becoming the norm with society.Jonze's has never been the conventional director as we've seen in his other brilliant efforts "Being John Malkovich" and "Where the Wild Things Are." Jonze sets out to tell a story and deliver all the intricate details for us to understand each character. His focus on Theodore, giving him a real sense of loneliness without falling into cliché character ticks and beats that we've seen countless times in other romantic films, Jonze constructs a real man living in a world where technology has taken precedent over human connection.Christopher Nolan should take notes from Jonze on the assembling of female counterparts in a story. Catherine and Theodore's friend Amy, played by the always dependable Amy Adams, both feel genuinely authentic. Mara, who's already delivered one other powerful performance in "Ain't Them Bodies Saints" earlier this year, is finely utilized. She shows once again that she's a true professional, with limited screen time (many in flashbacks); she can staple herself in your memory.Amy Adams is always the sprinkle on top in all of her films. As "Amy," the awkward friend and neighbor who sympathizes more with Theodore more than she'd like to, Adams expertly executes. With four prior Oscar nominations to her credit, her stunning portrayal is just another fantastic pin to add to her credits. She could find traction during the awards season if the film hits in the right way. That's also part to the petty Oscar rules about rewarding voice performances because if that wasn't the case, Scarlett Johansson would be on stage holding an Oscar of her own next March. As "Samantha," Johansson has never tapped into the essence of her abilities as an actress the way she does in "Her." As an OS, full of wonder and curiosity, "Samantha" is essentially a child. Learning at a rapid rate and studying the behaviors of the human mind, she looks at the world through the eyes of Theodore. Johansson holds our hand in through the tale, even when her voice isn't on screen. This is the type of work that could convince the Board of Governors to rethink the eligibility of an acting performance. This is a masterful work that I'll remember for years to come.And then there's Joaquin Phoenix...oh, Mr. Phoenix. Fresh off his historic performance in Paul Thomas Anderson's "The Master" just a year ago, I didn't think he could impress me so soon and yet here we are. His sensitive and perceptive take on the role is what films are all about. It's one of the best things that 2013 has offered and a performance that could land him his first Oscar. I think Phoenix himself was impressed with the work he and his colleagues have accomplished. At the press conference, he actually gave an answer to one of the questions from the audience. If anyone was in attendance at the conference for James Gray's "The Immigrant" - a prickly, disengaged Phoenix put on his sunglasses and put the microphone on the floor. This is a performance that you can identify with. He's not simply awkward for the sake of being, he has baggage and connection issues. There's sincerity in his words and mannerisms. A getaway in a cabin, alone but with "Samantha" encapsulates everything about Theodore. Phoenix achieves the impossible and is an instant Oscar contender.But "Her" isn't just about the writing and performances; it's an all- around technical marvel. Most notably the Production Design of K.K. Barrett, who has worked on "Where the Wild Things Are." Our story takes place in a futuristic (though never said how far ahead) Los Angeles and with shooting overseas, Barrett captures the clout of the city and its inside counterparts. Cinematographer Hoyte Van Hoytema's use of colors and smooth palettes are things of a dream. Affectionately snuggling up to Phoenix as he whispers the sweetness of words to "Samantha" or the sweetness of a new letter at work, Hoytema has quickly become one of my favorite DP's, especially following "Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy" and "Let the Right One In." Arcade Fire and Karen O. are simply magic in their music that accompanies our story about love. A modern yet classical composition that in key scenes could move you to tears."Her" is one of the best love stories I've witnessed in some time. Charlie Kaufman will always have the honor of penning my favorite love story of all-time "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" but Spike Jonze and "Her" are giving it a true run for the money at the moment. Warner Bros. must know what they have with a limited release in late November; this...Read More @ http://www.awardscircuit.com I saw Her this weekend, and it's my favorite movie of the year. Everything about it was fantastic: the acting, the directing, the writing. It could've easily been a clichéd look at technology or the future, but it's fundamentally a very human story about evolution. It's about having to deal with unfulfillment and things like divorce and loneliness, but it's also undercut with hope, whether it be through Theo's relationships with Samantha (Johansson) and Amy (Adams) or even the stylistic touches, like having Theo's red clothes set against a muted Los Angeles background. There are parallels drawn between all the characters' journeys without it feeling contrived, and even Theo's job--writing letters for other people--represents his relationship with his OS; on the surface, they may seem like "just letters" or "just a computer", but they're outlets for his emotions and desires.Oh, and everyone in the cast is phenomenal; it's a shame Johansson is "ineligible" for an award. BS. She's fantastic, and this is an even tougher role to pull off.This is a story about life, and it's perfect.A.Full review: http://polarbearstv.com/2013/12/30/her-review/ Though director Spike Jonze collaborated with Charlie Kaufman on Being John Malkovich and Adaptation, the latter didn't have a hand in Jonze's assured, moving fourth feature, but his spirit—fiendishly inventive, casually postmodern, self-lacerating, fearless, funny, and ultimately deeply sad—pervades the film. With Her, Jonze beautifully realizes a future Los Angeles where a lovesick man (Joaquin Phoenix) in the midst of a devastating divorce is so desperate for intimacy that he falls hopelessly in love with an artificially intelligent operating system, voiced by Scarlett Johansson. Jonze's screenplay acknowledges the innate absurdity of the film's premise while spinning it into an elegant, heartbreaking depiction of human loneliness and the innate need for connection. For the setting, Jonze plugged into the current era's technological mania to say something timeless and profound about love, loss, and evolving desire. In Her, Theodore, falls in love with an operating system seeking to fill the empty space a failed relationship left. As simple as it sounds, watching this movie you will explore feelings like loneliness, self discovery without it being too cheesy or hard to watch.This movie is written in a beautiful way. Common things like casual conversations and peaceful walks make this movie feel down to earth and human even though is set in a futuristic world. I also love how the future this movie sets in is not full of neon lights and cyberpunk stuff but minimalistic buildings and technology that enhances today's life.Talking about minimalism, I would consider this movie minimalistic. From the camera work to the characters involved in the plot, this movie looks tidy and clean, and focus on the plot without bringing too much filler to it. It's worth mentioning that, despite it's minimalism you won't get bored, as the plot it's a roller-coaster of emotions that will keep you glued to the screen till the end.Lastly, I would say that Joaquin Phoenix acting makes Theodore much more relatable, and Scarlett Johansson's voice is able to bring a human touch to one of the most synthetic think I could think of.Her is a beautiful movie and I think a must-watch. I recently watched Her for the 3rd time. I really like this movie. It's the kind of movie which goes beyond just watching it. It generates thoughts and feelings which last awhile. It has a fabulous aftertaste, in a manner of speaking. I want to savor it for a time after each viewing. Even the seemingly off putting letter writing as a business thing acts as a kind of commentary. Overall, I found the script and acting almost musical. Speaking of music, I thought that they did a really good job with matching the soundtrack to the events in the movie. Phoenix and Johansson are in top form, while Jonze's unique direction counterweights hilarity with echoing loneliness. The production design of the film is an incredible mix of hipster chic and technology- dependent futuristic, engaging the viewer with a warm visual glow throughout. I am in love with this film, and it is a highlight in Joaquin Phoenix & Amy Adams' careers. This movie just blew me away, every single aspect in the movie is perfect, from the acting to the writing to the music, the cinematography and so on. This movie touches in so many subjects and it make you feel in the protagonist's shoes.
I can't really put to words how i feel about this movie so just watch it for yourself Well, I wasn't prepared for that. Her is such a haunting and intimate look into loneliness and sorrow, and happiness and love. It's a film that anyone who has ever felt lonely or heartbroken will immediately relate to. But it's also an incredibly personal experience.The more I have thought about this wonderful film that I just saw, the more I realize how impactful it was to me. It was heartwarming yet heartbreaking. It was sad yet funny. Like life, it was a rollercoaster of emotions. One minute you are laughing and the next you are crying. There is no right or wrong, there are just our feelings and emotions and the way we process them.For me, the most impactful part of this film was the sense of loneliness. Anyone who has experienced it knows that it isn't easy. And even though I'm completely fine with being by myself most of the time, there is always that longing to find that someone. This movie captured that feeling so incredibly perfectly.That's where the beauty of this film lies. We can all reflect our experiences and feelings into this movie and it will reflect something back. It turns into such a personal experience and journey, that it becomes impossible to put it into words. I don't think that I have ever experienced anything quite like Her, at least when it comes to cinema. I can already tell now that I won't be able to stop thinking about this film for the next couple of days.I think that everyone should see this film at least once in their life. It's a journey of discovery and reflection. Trying to explain what this film is, is simply impossible. It's something that one needs to experience for themself.Also, can we just talk about that final shot? I don't think that it gets much more perfect than that. I have one question about this movie, and that is, why is this so damn amazing. i have always loved Joaquin Phoenix movies and have always thought he was an amazing actor. and in the movie , he stole the show. This movie shows hardship, but most importantly it show love. this movie is so relate able when it comes to relation ships, you can find love in strange ways, and in this movie it shows that by having the main character, Theodore fall in love with an OS which is an occupation system which helps you through life faster, but he found a love for his, and so did she. its a very sad movie when it comes down to it. i had an amazing time watching this and would recommend this movie to literally anyone with a heart. Regardless of the analysis on the quality of the film, I've never felt so much identified with a character. That guy is me. "Her" can pass like no other the idea of emptiness that surrounds each one of the people who inhabit it. The void is the main presence. The genius of the movie, from the plot to the aesthetics, transcends the physical, technical, technological, it inhabits the same void. In fact, I do not see this film by parts: it has a union, a cohesion, a completeness, which is what I find most prodigious, when all its elements (characters, if we may include Scarlett in this) seem disintegrated. And then, among many other issues that dance in my spirit and will not stop until the end of the real soundtrack, there is the philosophical side: a new questioning of to be or not to be. The point, contrary to what happens in "The Matrix", where that inverted paradigm is poured as a doctrine, everything here falls on me( would be nice to tell on us), in the days following the viewing, like those small particles that light reveals in one of the last images of the film. Given the ubiquity of the void within which our body and all the forces that attract us to it are absolute exceptions, the question is: who is, after all, the programmed? As far as I understand, and Spike Jonze helped to reinforce that conviction, we don't really expand consciousness. Consciousness is this emptiness that surrounds us. It's up to us to allow, or not, it to penetrate us. And interestingly, what I think is that in each of the moments we do so we will register the paradox of feeling less empty . It's been a while since I've seen Her but so much of this film is still etched into my memory. It's a film that I'll never forget.Her follows Theodore, a writer, that falls in love with his operating system.Her does have a basic premise but it's a love story that tells so much and is so relatable. Spike Jonze is a very unique director and has directed wildly original films like Being John Malkovich and Adaptation. Whilst he did direct those two, the praise really went to Charlie Kaufman for his excellent writing. Her is Jonze's first ever solo writing credit and this film shows his capabilities as a writer and not just a director. The script is an absolute winner here as I don't think any film has made me go through so many emotions in a short amount of time.The character of Theodore is someone a lot of people can relate to. We all long to have a strong connection with someone and be able to interact with other people. It's a struggle that a lot people go through and Jonze's representation of that struggle and loneliness is extremely well executed. The cinematography of the futuristic world in this film is beautiful. I loved how you are able to see how many people are glued to their gadgets. It's something that we tend to witness in the real world allowing the world of Her to feel largely realistic.The performances are absolutely brilliant. Joaquin Phoenix once again gives an excellent performances that's very heartfelt and will stick with you long after the film's done. Scarlett Johansson's voice work is astounding. Some of the best voice work I've heard in a film. Rooney Mara and Amy Adams are terrific as usual despite their shorter roles.Her is a very special film to me. It tells a story that takes you on a rollercoaster of emotions and explores feelings and love like no other film has. I cannot recall the last time a film has been able to make me tear up so much at the end and leave me days thinking about it. Her is Spike Jonze's masterpiece. I've felt more emotion watching this movie than most touchy feely movies that are out there. Scarlet nailed Sam's voice on this amazing piece of work. Found myself in tears more than a couple times. And even that, this movie somehow changed my life a little. Experiencing the relationship between these two was such an Eye-opener, an experience worth telling others about. This movie was directed in a way that the person watching gets consumed by the story, the characters, and the situations. A compelling love story, mixed with self discovery leaves the one watching breathless. There's so much to say with little way of expressing it onto a keyboard. Fantastic work. Spike Jonze is one of the most creative directors of our time. The weird but dazzling "Being John Malkovich" and the emotional drama "Adaptation" are two of the best movies in a while and each show off Spike Jonze distinct creative style. Both movies were also collaborations with the great Charlie Kaufman, a man who has written some of the greatest screenplays, all of which have similar creativity and beauty as Jonzes work. Ironically, the Kaufman movie that this movie is most similar to is Eternal of The Spotless Mind, which itself looks like a Spike Jonze film but isn't. I'll get back to that in a bit. When I first read about this film before it was released I was so excited for it. The premise was so relevant and interesting. I didn't get to see the film in theaters and I regret that greatly. So the movie finally reached Blu-Ray/DVD and I was intrigued to finally see it. I am proud to say that this was nothing like what I expected. It was much much better than I could ever have expected. *Plot* This is the future, but not too far ahead. Theodore is a somewhat lonely man who is going through a difficult divorce. He works as a writer for a company that specializes in writing emotional letters for people to people. One day he comes across a new OS being sold in which the OS talks and learns as it interacts with the user and the world. He gets home and has it installed only to find out that it is a female OS who names herself Samantha. From then on Theodore forms a deep relationship with the OS as it evolves and learns new emotions. That is just the gist of the plot. I did say I was excited about the movie leading up to it's release, but I will admit I did think the plot sounded really silly. So as I began to watch the movie I expected a silly romantic movie. I was so wrong. This movie was so serious and beautifully made. Not once did I question the relationship between Theodore and Samantha. The emotions of the characters are portrayed perfectly. Jaoquin Phoenix played Theodore so well. A lot of people are comparing the movie to Eternal Sunshine, and I'm no exception. The character of Theodore really reminded me of Joel from that movie. They are different characters, but so similar at the same time. Jaoquin did an amazing job in his performance. His mannerisms, his facial expressions, his movement. He nailed it. Scarlett Johanssons vocal performance as Samantha was spot on. She was funny, she was cute, she was sexy, she was sad, she was perfect. The rest of the cast such as Amy Adams and Rooney Mara among others give decent performances as well. Olivia Wilde also has a very short but cute role in the movie as well. Now let me talk about the directing. Jonze not being nominated for Best Director at the Oscars for this movie is a crime. The close up shots of the characters to show their raw emotions was clever. The long shots following Theodore through the gorgeous city is beautiful. The contrasting of the colors used in the film are playful eye candy. I read that a lot of the city scenes were filmed in Shanghai. This movie really showcases the beauty of the city. I certainly wish I could take a trip there now. There is also a shot of the beach that is just amazing, even if it lasts a few seconds. The cinematography is also perfect. This is one of the most beautiful movies visually and I think there was little CGI in it. Now I have to talk about the music. Arcade Fire are one of my personal favorite bands. I was so glad to hear they were scoring this movie. They were nominated for an Oscar for it and it was much deserved. The piano elements of the score are perfect. There is a scene at the beach which showcases one of the most heartbreakingly beautiful musical moments of the film. Just amazing. So a lot of people are calling the movie too weird or pointless. A lot are saying the relationship between the main character and the OS was just creepy. I know that people have their opinions, but honestly I cannot believe anyone would bash this masterpiece of a film. Its the perfect statement on how our society is slowly getting to the point of us actually only relying on technology and barely having human relationships. The movie also personally touched me in that I am currently in a long distance relationship with a beautiful woman across the country and we talk on the phone a lot instead of Skyping or webcamming. Scarletts voice in the movie really sounded like her voice on the phone and it really hit me in a personal level. I mean I'm not in love with a computer, but I see the voice as a metaphor for long distance just a bit. Or not. Maybe it's just me. I have to mention the comparison to Eternal Sunshine again. That is one of my all time favorite movies. I have waited for another movie to come along for years and at least have a small similarity to it, and none have. Until now. Many will disagree, but I personally like this movie more than that movie. This movie is for people who need something different, yet familiar. Open your mind to the idea of this movie if you plan on seeing it. This is a truly emotional and beautiful movie to experience and I plan on re-experiencing it in the years to come. We all want to be loved, and love someone, and this is the simple but solid emotional point that Spike Jonze hits at in Her, like a musician playing a high spirited but melancholy song of sweetness and heartache (something the protagonist even requests his iPod to play). The film takes place in some point in the future - or, since we are never told exactly when, it could just as well be an alternative reality where people just need that one extra step being already hooked up to their devices - and is about a man who writes love letters and cards to others for a living. He's good at it because, well, it comes from inside him. But coming off a divorce that's left him "confused" as he says, an 'O.S.' Operating System, an artificially intelligent super computer that with a few simple questions is meant to be 'made' for that person, it's tempting enough to try. Going into the film, I thought it would be a sort of 'rom-com' only with a Hal 9000 (and can you say 'wackiness ensues' more than that). It's more complicated by how much Samantha (voiced by Scarlett Johansson, so she sounds like the perfect gal already) is, a side from being a super organizer (she reads and organizes emails and correspondence), an emotional creature. But in a way this dug deeper than something Kubrick just scratched the surface at: if you can really 'be' there for someone, though not in full physical form, what does that do to the real human being on the other end? Joaquin Phoenix, aside from Jonzes delicate and mature screenplay and poetic direction, is the reason to see the picture. He imbues this 'Him' as a kind of sad dope but one that's a genuinely caring and nice fella but not always connected with his own emotions or knowing quite what to say. He is awkward with those glasses and mustache, he plays his oddball video games (an adorable aside in the film, a few times really), but projects a haunted, morose quality without it becoming tired or trite. At the same time he shows the happiness Jonze wants to portray in a relationship, whether it's with his current 'gf'. Or his once wife (Rooney Mara, and we get to know her so well mostly only through dialogue-less flash backbacks, with some editing input by Steven Soderbergh). He also plays well on some of the moments of comedy that do pop up in the film - it is Jonze, so as it is such a personal film the light and absurd comes in with the gloom - a part of this world But, like us, wondering 'what the hell is this now? Her does science fiction and technological 'if' material so well because of its subtlety. when you watch something like, I don't know, Elysium or even Minority Report, we know it's a future place and the fantasy is big and flashy and sometimes we know we are removed from that experience. Jonze wants this to just be like how it is today, and the sci-to 'catch' is there, for the most part, as a means to explore how we see and feel and experience one another. I left this film questioning so much how I can approach potentially expanding AI in the future (And now we have systems winning or at least even friggin playing on Jeopardy so it's only a matter of time emotional components are worked out). What does one do with the infinite possibilities with a self aware being. and as in Being John Malkovich, there's always another layer of chaos and wonder that is under the surface waiting to be explored, and in the third act the entire concept of an AI of this magnitude is given a frightening element: being in thousands of places at once but still 'here' at the same time, including love. But it doesn't ever quite 'feel' frightening, and that is a key thing that makes Her special.Another director might take the narrative into more conventional territory, like if Samantha and her other O.S. beings (which, after a while, they are) took over the world real Skynet style. It's still Tim Twombleys story, his journey into finding some semblance of peace with himself and the world, and if it feels at all like a personal film for Jonze it's because he sticks with that painful, powerful point of it all being about you, your other, and growth (along with the help of pleutonic friend Amy Adams, another fascinating character who we understand almost immediately). Her is must-see stuff, something with pure sentiment (not sentimentality, that edge is so fine to walk on), and an approach visually that also takes this premise and does it seriously, so when a guy is running around and laughing with his little 'pod' of a person, it isn't implausible and a joke, it's simply something 'there' in the world. That's remarkable. I have always been a fan of Spike Jonze. Though I was a tad disappointed by Where the Wild Things Are, I still regard Being John Malkovich and Adaptation as comedy classics. Where as Charlie Kauffman wrote those two quirky comedies, Her is written by Mr. Jonze, which he won an Academy Award for. It is because of this that I believe Her is his most cohesive film, and also his best.Her takes place in the near future, in L.A., where Theodore (Joaquin Phoenix) struggles with a recent break-up. Theodore is quite the sensitive individual. He writes other couple's love letters for a living. But for someone who has a career in being sweet and loving, Theodore's own opinions on love are anything but optimistic; the breakup has made him sad and reclusive. It is then, when Theodore gets an artificially intelligent operating system (an O.S.) that he begins to see romance in a different light once again. Typing this, I realize how cheesy this premise sounds, so I can understand any speculation going into this film. But trust me, it is not how you think. Some scenes are laugh-out-loud funny, and the movie maintains steady humour through most scenes. But the cleverness with how this story is presented is uncanny; it's as though Jonze wants to satirize rom-coms but also make one that is genuinely emotionally affecting. The movie is not just a love story; in fact, I'd say that the love story is a subplot, compared to the larger themes of the movie.Really, Her is about love in the modern age, and how technology can either create personal barriers or engage new experiences. In scenes when Theodore is in public, gradually throughout the film, more and more extras begin to become solitary. Instead of the families and groups we saw before, most of the crowd, by the end, is communicating into their own O.S. This bears a striking resemblance to people today, who are so reliant on mobile devices to communicate. These themes and more are what elevate Her past so many forgettable romance films, and into something that is a much more in-depth study of love and a well crafted character based story.When Theodore gets this O.S., it names itself Samantha. Sam is a very thought provoking character, because of the fact that she is not human. Scarlett Johansson does amazing voice work as Sam, creating a fully dimensional character who has all the depth and personality of a real person. More so, even. Likewise, Phoenix once again surprised me with his heartfelt performance. He is completely sympathetic and believable; he delivers Jonze's lines with the utmost sincerity, while he communicates volumes with only his face. He anchors the film because for much of it he is essentially talking to himself. Jonze's wonderful script creates such a vivid and believable relationship between Theodore and Sam, and one that is like any relationship between two people. This couple becomes so involving and I was truly heartbroken at many times throughout the movie. His direction has been mentioned less, but is just as important and well-done. I have always thought Jonze has had a knack for character based comedy, but Her has revealed a much more emotionally resonant side of him. Obviously parts of the film are based off of his own breakup and romantic past, and the passion and longing is so evident in every part of the film. The film's score, production design, cinematography, acting, editing, directing, and especially writing are all wonderful. There is absolutely nothing I would change; I loved it wholeheartedly. Her is an original, hilarious, thoughtful, and sublimely beautiful film. Finally got round to watching Her and I had high hopes after all the praise it had received. It did not disappoint.Everything about this film is pretty much perfect for me. The cinematography is beautiful, the pacing is just right, the acting is superb, the characters are likable and the plot is very unique. Joaquin Phoenix is excellent as Theo and Scarlett Johansson voices Samantha to perfection.One thing that did take my by surprise is that the film had quite a few laugh out loud moments which is always good. The storyline was unique and manages to play with your emotions as a viewer.Outstanding 10/10. Would highly recommend. I can't imagine a film like "Her" being ever made. It is the most unforgettable film of 2013; It's full of brilliant performances from Joaquin Phoenix, Amy Adams, and Scarlett Johansson as the voice of an operating system dubbed the OS1. For the most part, the film is an expressive character study bolstered with tear-jerking drama and rom-com wits. Spike Jonze, the director of Being John Malkovich and Where the Wild Things Are builds a guileful narrative so amorous it's almost a spell-binding drama it's impossible to resist. What makes the film interesting is its main character Theodore (played by Phoenix) whose life is falling apart he becomes stuck physically and emotionally. Theodore works as a writer of love letters. Everything seems uneven and melancholic in his life including his botched relationship with his wife (played by Rooney Mara) where they're about to reach their conclusion for a divorce. Theodore is the typical anti- social man. When he buys an operating system called the OS1, he meets an Artificial Intelligence introducing herself as Samantha (voiced by Scarlett Johansson), a husky voiced female AI which understands human emotions including Theodore's melancholy. Samantha is so baffling, Theodore knows this, but he didn't seem to care as long as he will at least have someone to talk to. Suddenly, as expected Theodore gets very fond with the thing. This is very genuine at least in reality where a person builds affection with something inanimate or unbeknownst to them. After getting settled with Samantha, he builds a sheer affection with the thing despite being not real, even sexually. Their chemistry builds strong warmth especially in the second act. The movie's set in a near-distant future where technology is advanced; People tend to use speech recognition to all sorts of things. Jonze's production designer team and the cinematography by Hoyte Van Hoytema build flamboyant textures of the city and a great creation of an advanced and poetic world. Spike Jonze structures the narrative an effective drama than a rom-com. With this story so brilliant and potent, viewers will get what they want. The moment we gather Theodore's melancholy piling up, we find ourselves sharing the same anxiety. But despite of this, we get the comic relief that Theodore and Samantha builds through the entire film. Joaquin Phoenix as Theodore is simply renowned for his genuine portrayal of a lonely archetypal man. Johansson as the voice of OS1 is generated with panache for dramatic execution. Viewers will recognize how Johansson's able to cosset and entertain them like how she does it to Theodore. In some ways, this movie could be a response to Lost in Translation. The director Spike Jonze is divorced to Sofia Coppola, the director of that film. The narrative is almost similar in all terms, but either is triumph. Jonze's character of Theodore could be a surrogate of himself, the same could be said with Coppola's character Charlotte played by Johansson. If you have seen both films, you get the idea.All in all, "Her" should not be missed for viewing. It's a shame that this film hit the theaters before year-end. It is one of the most romantic films of 2013, suitable for Valentine's Day. This Review Might Be A Little Bias Considering Her Is My Favorite Movie Of All Time Although Now That I Think Of It This Review Will Help Me Explain Why I Love This Movie, Plus it might be a bit contradict what i said in my Shaw shank redemption review considering in my Shaw shank Redemption Review i said that it's my favorite movie of all time but i like this movie more Let's Begin. OK So I'm Going To Split This Review Into 5 Categories Plot , Character/Acting , Direction , Sound & Visuals & What This Movie Means To Me.Plot: So The Plot Of Her Is Very Straight Forward It Involves The Character Of Theodore Falling In Love With A Brand New A.I Operating System Named Samantha.Character : So You Have The Two Main Characters Of Theodore (Joaquin Phoenix) & Samantha (Scarlett Johannsson) And You Have Side Characters Like Theodore's Long Time Friend Amy (Amy Adams) Her u Unsupportive husband, Charles (Matt Letscher)And Other Character's Who Only Appear For A Short While Such As Olivia Wilde's Unnamed Character In Which Samantha Sets Theodore Up With On A Blind Date.Acting : The Acting In Her Is All Around Magnificent Joaquin Phoenix Who Has Already Proved Himself As A Fantastic Actor In Movies Like The Master & Gladiator Brings His A-Game In Her It Honestly One Of The Best Performances Iv'e Ever Seen And By Far Phoenix's Best Performance. Now To Me Scarlett Johannsson Is A Hit Or Miss Actress She's Great In Movie's Like Lost In Translation, Don John & Vicky Christina Barcelona But She's Also Been Not Great In Movie's Like Ghost In The Shell , The Avengers (Overrated) Plus The Other Marvel Movie's And Lucy But In Her She Is Fantastic And I Was Very Disappointed That She Was Ruled Ineligible For A Best Actress Nomination At The Academy Awards In 2014 She Is Fantastic In Her Role She Doesn't Show Her Face And For A Woman Like Scarlett Johannsson That's Impressive.Amy Adams Is Pretty Great As Usual Yeah She's Been In Some Terrible Movie's Like Batman v Superman , Man Of Steel And Leap Year But She's Also Been In Some Great Movie's Like Nocturnal Animal's, Arrival,Catch Me If You Can & The Master. Olivia Wide Is A Pretty Bad Actress (Cowboy's & Alien's & In Time Plus A Ton Of Crappy Romantic Comedy's)But With A Great Script And Spike Joanze Excellent Directing She Pulls It Of Pretty Well And All The Other Supporting Actors/Actresses Are Great.Directing: As A Aspiring Director / Screenwriter Spike Joanze Is My Idol He Has Writ,Produced & Directed Some Of (In My Opinion) The Best Movies Ever Made Such As Being John Malkovich (Director), Adaptation (Director) & Synechdoche New York (Producer) Plus He Also Gave Us Jackass Which Is Awesome But His Directing In Her Is Absolutely Outstanding His Style Directing A Movie To Me Is Incredibly Unique His Character's Are Great His Script's Are Full Of Emotional Moments & Quirky Comedic Effects Just Go And Watch His Movie's And Jackass.Sound & Visuals: So To Begin With Sound What You Hear In The Movie AKA Music Or More Specific The Movie's Soundtrack Mostly Done By Arcade Fire Is Fantastic I Don't Want To Spoil It For You Though So Just Go Listen To It . No Onto The Visual's Mainly The cinematography It Is Gorgeous The Final Shot Of Theodore & Amy Together On That Rooftop Is So Incredibly Beautiful Both In The Context Of The Movie And The Overall Shot.What This Movie Means To Me: So When I First Saw This Movie I Was Going Through A Messy Break-Up And I Became Very Lonely & Depressed So When I Got Around To Watching This I 100% elated To Theodore. If You've Been In A Relationship Before You Know That In The Real World It's A Struggle Trying To Connect With People On An Emotional Level And The Movie Show's That In Detail. So Since I Related To Theo So Much The Ending Was Heart-Breaking I Warn You First I'm About To Get Into Spoiler's So SPOILER ALERT!!!!! At The End Of The Movie Samantha Reveals That Because Of OS's Leaving (I Think) She Has To Leave Theodore And If Over The Movie You've Learned To Care For Theo & Samantha It's Soul Crushingly Heart Breaking To See Her Go. So In Conclusion Her Is A Emotional , Funny , Engaging , Unique & Heart Felt Movie With Great Characters , Amazing Directing , A Fantastic Visual Style With Gorgeous Cinematography And An Amazing Soundtrack. So I Suggest If You Have Not Saw Her You Must I Give Her A Solid 10/10 I really like science fiction books and movies. All these future technologies, weapons, supercomputers - in a word, WOW. So, when I first heard about a new Sci-Fi movie, immediately ran to the cinema, sat down in front of the screen, and without watching a single trailer, prepared to enjoy the adventures of some space traveler. To be honest, I was surprised to see romantic melodrama. But it turned out, that "Her" was the best drama I have ever seen. Firstly, it was very interesting to look at the world of the future not through the eyes of a scientist or a traveler, but a normal person: to understand what actually you will meet in everyday life, if you get in the future. Secondly, love story is so unusual that I was surprised by the fact of the existence of such relations for a long time after watching. In addition, for me, as a programmer, it was exciting to watch the artificial intelligence in such manifestation. Also, I think that the film deservedly won an Oscar for best screenplay, because the story, which is told to us, is gorgeous. The film completely immerse you in its atmosphere, and, for the first time, you do not even want to return to reality when the movie ends. One more point I need to mark is music. Soundtrack is amazing - guys in Arcade Fire managed to create some wonderful compositions on piano that perfectly reflect the meaning of the film. So, I ask you to watch this movie, because it undoubtedly deserves your attention and will not leave you indifferent. 10 out of 10. A brilliant movie to think about the nature of love. I knew this film was an Oscar nominee for best picture. I knew it had a top cast and crew. I am able to love sci-fi works. So I had "Her" down on my long list of "movies I want to see some day." But even so, I had low expectations. Because I had heard that the premise was that "a man falls in love with his operating system." So I expected that this would be at best a piece of poignant comedic fluff. How much mileage can they possibly get out of that? I arrogantly asked myself. Isn't the Joaquin Phoenix character pretty much guaranteed to be the sort of nebbish we have seen in a lot of films, unable or afraid to handle a real relationship with a "real", that is, multicellular organic partner? And how did Scarlet Johanssen - an actress whom I respect terribly as well as have a major crush on, full disclosure, but still, how did she get award nominations for what is "just" voice- over work? Could this thing REALLY have been one of the best pictures of 2013? Wasn't that a fluke of some kind?Well, if you are the person sitting in darkness who has not yet seen "Her" and is asking yourself these questions which I asked myself when I was sitting where you are now, I advise you that it is a much better, much more profound work with much deeper characters than you believe it can possibly be.I am working very hard not to give away plot lines because I believe the wonder of seeing them unfold is part of the value of the work from which I don't intend to detract. But let me start off by saying that Twombley, the Joaquin Phoenix character, is a man in the last stages of a divorce who has been loved and in love and is not so damaged that he would fall in love with Siri. He works for a firm which apparently provides personal letters for other people - so his job is in fact to mirror, or simulate, in text the emotions which actual other people presumably feel or would like to have it believed that they feel. The parallels will not be lost on anyone, I am sure.Twombley hears a commercial for a new kind of operating system - one that is not just an OS but "a consciousness." Thinking seriously about that for a moment, what does that mean? Twombley's ambition for his new purchase is to get his emails organized better, not to find someone new. Is a conscious OS "someone new," by the way? His OS is clearly really "intelligent" in the sense of being able to process information very quickly and *at least* simulate someone with an ego, wishes, emotions, etc., carrying on an audio conversation in real time. Thinking about it, even looking only at the office-assistant aspect, you might have doubts about letting your new just-out-of-the-box intelligent and powerful acquaintance, imbued with independent desires, read and instantly process the whole contents of your hard drives and cloud segments. To do it, you would have to be convinced that your new friend is benign and trustworthy, having only your interests at heart; but this is easier if the friend has Scarlet Johanssen's voice. (For a heterosexual guy anyway; what actors would voice-over the other versions? By the way, my question now is not why she was getting supporting actress nominations, but why they weren't nominations for the lead.)If the caring-person nature of this new OS is an illusion, it's an illusion which is hard for Twombley and for us to penetrate. If it's not an illusion, isn't "a man falls in love with his OS" a one-sided depiction of the plot? What about the OS's side of things? The film takes us there very quickly. At one point, I remarked to my wife, "So - the promise of the film is that we will have operating systems that are as hard to deal with as human beings!" (Though as soon as I said that I realized that that boat may have already sailed with Windows 8 and Microsoft Office 2013.)Although the film doesn't lose its focus on Twombley's point of view - indeed I don't recall Phoenix ever being off screen - Twombley is of course not the only purchaser of this OS, so we get artful glimpses of other people adapting to this technology in similar and different ways... This film is very thought-provoking, and when it's over you will be able to think of other films and TV episodes that have dealt with the same material. But it's also very moving. Love stories have happy and sad parts - and it's hard to mate for life like swans, unless you are both in fact, for example, swans. Spike Jonze's movies had all the time some great fantasy that always were worth to watch. In "Being John Malkovich" was a really interesting idea to put people in John Malkovich's skin and in "Where the Wild Things Are" it was great to enter in Max's imaginary world.This time we have a really interesting theme about a lonely person and a futuristic Operating System's "Love Affair". It sounds weird but it came out a remarkable story.Theodore is a letter writer just after divorce when OS1, an operating system with consciousness is put to market. He starts the program , the OS asks some questions , including to have male or female voice, some personal questions, then reboots and gives birth to "Samantha".The great fact about this movie is that you almost forget that the love story is between a Human and a Computer. Joaquin Phoenix (Theodore) and Scarlett Johansson as Samantha's voice make such a great performance that result a movie a Romantic Tragedy."Her" makes me think about the complicated future and the potential self-aware Operating System - Human relationships.Until then sit back and enjoy this great movie. 