You can watch this movie in 1997, you can watch it again in 2004 or 2009 or you can watch it in 2015 or 2020, and this movie will get you EVERY TIME. Titanic has made itself FOREVER a timeless classic! I just saw it today (2015) and I was crying my eyeballs out JUST like the first time I saw it back in 1998. This is a movie that is SO touching, SO precise in the making of the boat, the acting and the storyline is BRILLIANT! And the preciseness of the ship makes it even more outstanding! Kate Winslet and Leonardo Dicaprio definitely created a timeless classic that can be watched time and time again and will never get old. This movie will always continue to be a beautiful, painful & tragic movie. 10/10 stars for this masterpiece! Titanic is one of my all time favourite films. I'm a 24 year old guy who has probably not cried in front of anyone since I was a kid, but this movie plays on my emotions more than almost any other. We all know the ship will sink (does that even qualify as a spoiler?) but the build-up to this event - the smugness and over- confidence, assurances of it being "unsinkable" - tease the audience, almost to the point where you're like 'is it really going to sink?'I thought the performances of everyone were magnificent: I cared about the characters and their lives on and beyond the ship. Taking the time to introduce everyone and weave their stories together was masterful, even beyond the main characters, like Fabrizio and Murdoch the First Officer and countless more. It was heartbreaking towards the end when you see the panic gradually set in, and it slowly descends into total chaos. You remember Jack telling Rose all the places he's going to take her to and you imagine their love- filled lives together. The Irish mother telling her children the fairytale, resigned to their fate. The violinists trying to maintain a spirit of composure amidst the carnage. And the music! Wow. I cried for all of this. And especially right at the end when you see the photos of Rose's life, knowing she's fulfilled her promise and survived, living a full life, probably never having met anyone she loved as much as Jack all those years ago.Visually pleasing in every way, dramatic, musically astounding, great acting and above all a fantastic story make this an undeniably iconic, enduring film. A romantic-drama unlike any other. It deserves higher than 7.7. Good Lord. This movie right here, it's a masterpiece. I am not exaggerating when I say this. Tonight was the first time I watched this. I watched some parts of it earlier, but I thought it would probably be boring, and that I had better things to do. Tonight I watched the whole thing with my grandmother. I was completely wrong on that. This was the best movie that I've ever seen, and probably ever will see in my entire life. Me and my grandmother were both in tears by the end of it. There were two scenes which made me cry: the part where the orchestra played "Nearer, My God, to Thee" and the end when all those perished on the Titanic applaud at the kiss of Rose and Jack. This movie was absolutely amazing and I would watch it over and over again. People are crazy. They rate Avengers so high and they rate this masterpiece low? This is beyond absurd. You guys should encourage great filmmakers like this one not stupid ones like the super hero franchises. For the love of god. Very beautiful and cinematic movie with lots of classic scenes.Also extremely sad at times.Absolute 90's classic. Ah, yes, the film that propelled Leonardi DiCapro to super stardom, became the first film to gross $1 billion, and stayed on the top of the box office charts for 12 years (only to be kicked off the top by another James Cameron film, Avatar).It is said 'Titanic' is the film with the most continuity errors of all films. Despite this, though, the film was indeed a masterpiece. The sheer scale of the sets and entire production were simply mind blowing! The sinking of the Titanic was the greatest ship sinking scene EVER and was done with such meticulous detail that one would think they actually really sunk the ship. Off course, that was not the case, though, as it were all (very elaborate) sets, most of which were destroyed during the making of the film.Leonardo made for a very likable hero, quite frankly one a lot of guys can relate to. The young lovers were so different and yet so alike, and their love story was almost endearing. I must admit, the jumping backwards and forwards in time was a bit unnecessary and resulted in an overlong epic. They should only have told the 1912 story. Apart from that, the film was thrilling, exciting and fascinating in every sense of the word! Every once in a while the conversation will turn to "favorite movies." I'll mention Titanic, and at least a couple people will snicker. I pay them no mind because I know that five years ago, these same people were moved to tears by that very movie. And they're too embarrassed now to admit it.I just rewatched Titanic for the first time in a long time. Expecting to simply enjoy the story again, I was surprised to find that the movie has lost none of its power over these five years. I cried again.... in all the same places. It brought me back to 1997 when I can remember how a movie that no one thought would break even became the most popular movie of all time. A movie that burst into the public consciousness like no other movie I can recall (yes, even more than Star Wars). And today, many people won't even admit they enjoyed it. Folks, let's get something straight -- you don't look cool when you badmouth this film. You look like an out of touch cynic.No movie is perfect and this one has a few faults. Some of the dialogue falls flat, and some of the plot surrounding the two lovers comes together a little too neatly. However, none of this is so distracting that it ruins the film.Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are wonderful. Leo is one of the fine actors of his generation. Wait 'til you see him in Gangs of New York before you call him nothing more than a pretty boy. Kate Winslet was so strong in this film. The movie really was hers, and she held it together beautifully.James Cameron managed what many believed was impossible by recreating a completely believable Titanic. The sinking scenes were horrific, just as they were that night. How anyone can say the effects were bad is beyond me. I was utterly transfixed.This film is one memorable scene after another. Titanic leaving port in Southampton. Rose and Jack at the bow, "flying". "Iceberg, right ahead!" The screws hanging unbelievably out of the ocean. The screams of the doomed after she went down. And that ending that brought even the burliest man in the theater to tears.The music, which has also been a victim of the film's success, was a key ingredient. James Horner's score was simply perfect. And the love theme was beautiful and tragic. Too bad Celine Dion's pop song version had to destroy this great bit of music for so many.I confess, I am a Titanic buff. As such, I relished the opportunity to see the ship as we never got to see it -- in all its beauty. Perhaps watching it sink affected me more than some because I've had such an interest in the ship all my life. However, I doubt many of those I saw crying were Titanic buffs. I applaud Cameron for bringing this story to the masses in a way that never demeaned the tragedy. The film was made with such humanity.Another reviewer said it better than I ever could: Open up your hearts to Titanic, and you will not be disappointed. Back in 1997, do I remember that year: Clinton bans cloning research, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins won the world series and a woman gave birth to septuplets. This was also the big year in the release of Titanic, one of the biggest films of all time: a tale about the ship of dreams, about a boy and a girl who fall in love but are torn apart by their social class and at the height of their emotional commitment the ship meets with disaster. I don't think anybody could have expected Titanic to be as HUGE as it was, the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them being teenage girls, I was 12 years old at the time, and of course saw the movie multiple times. It was the film that made me believe that the love that Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful. At the time I felt that Titanic could do no wrong, of course I grew up and didn't watch the film since I was 14, a couple years ago I saw the film on DVD for 5.99 and figured that it was a good price and to see what I thought about the movie now. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie of all time? Was that Leonardo's real nose? OK, I know that's silly to say, but I did re-watch the film. Being completely honest here, Titanic is a great movie, it delivered in romance, humor, disaster, emotions and took us on this incredible maiden voyage.The film starts with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreck of the RMS Titanic, searching for a necklace set with a valuable blue diamond called the Heart of the Ocean. Unsuccessful, they instead discover a drawing of a young woman wearing the Heart of the Ocean, dated the day the Titanic sank. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns of the drawing, and contacts Lovett to inform him she is the woman in the drawing. When asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose Calvert recalls her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the first time that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, the upper-class 17-year-old Rose boards the ship with her controlling fiancé, Cal Hockley and her desperate for money mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater. Distraught and frustrated by her engagement, Rose attempts suicide by jumping from the stern. Before she leaps, a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson intervenes who convinces her not to jump. Jack and Rose strike up a tentative friendship as she thanks him for saving her life, and he shares stories of his adventures traveling and sketching; their bond deepens when they leave a first-class formal dinner of the wealthy for a much livelier gathering of dancing, music and beer in third-class. After revealing their love for each other and wish to leave together when the ship docks, they then witness the ship's fatal collision with an iceberg and now must escape together.So does Titanic live up to it's hype? I still say that this is a great movie to watch, I think that there were and still are quite a few haters that for some reason just want to trash the movie because it had won a ton of awards and Leo Mania was born at the time. Everyone is entitled to an opinion, but please don't let the haters bother you from watching this great movie. It has great acting, amazing effects, beautiful costumes, outstanding sets, a well-written story and still looks flawless. Love it or hate it, you have to admit this movie didn't get a lot of hype just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's amazing ability to cry on sight, this film is something special. Otherwise I don't think we'd still be talking about it so many years later. Kate and Leo had this amazing chemistry that in my opinion made it one of the greatest love stories of all time. Despite the story not being the most original with the rich girl loves poor boy plot, I think it worked extremely well because they fit so well together. James Cameron, the extreme perfectionist that he is, went over time and money budgets for Titanic, but this was his baby and it paid off very well. James had captured everything about Titanic and the sinking so well. He respectfully shows what terror the victims went through that night and made sure that this wasn't just a love story but to remember those who lost their lives on the tragic voyage. He had every right in my opinion to scream "I'm king of the world!" at the Oscars, because this movie blew everyone out of the water(no pun intended), you know what? I'm going to admit it, I love Titanic, even past my teen years I absolutely adore this movie, it will always hold a special place in my heart, it has too since I saw this film 8 times in the theater when it was released. Remember one thing, be true to yourself, don't follow the crowd, lovers or haters, if you go with the hype you're always going to go crazy over a film before viewing it, then if you thought the film was just alright for some reason it comes off as the worst movie ever. I do recommend Titanic, it's a great one and sure to go down in the classics one day.10/10 I am still crying as I am writing this review as of right now. I don't even know where to begin. I can now see why this film was one of the highest grossing movies of all time. The blending of genres was masterfully done through the style of a Historical Romance/Drama, and a Disaster/Action film. The writing was absolutely superb, for a 3 hour movie I found myself completely engaged not even blinking my eye. The costumes, music, performances, characters, cinematography, dialogue was so magical I can't even put words here to describe the beauty of everything put into this movie. The performances just take your breathe away. Jack and Rose's love story is so full of life and heart and what true love should be even if it's a battle or your not the same class and can't be together ounce you find your soulmate that's what love is about. Their characters felt so human and that really is what puts this movie at a whole new level. The camerawork is some of the best I have ever seen in any film. I don't even want to spoil how thrilling, chilling, beautifully well done the Titanic sinking part of the film is because it is something you just have to see for yourself and experience the devastating heartbreaking tragedy that occurred. James Cameron you are and will always be one of the best filmmakers to ever live and this is your ultimate masterpiece. It's 2019 and I still watch this movie sometimes and I am pretty sure that people are gonna keep watching this movie for the next 50 years and while watching this they will still feel that same emotion that they felt when they watched this movie for the first time. This movie still in the top 3 of the list of highest grossing movies of all time even after 22 years. To all the miserable people who have done everything from complain about the dialogue, the budget, the this and the that....who wants to hear it?  IF you missed the point of this beyond-beautiful movie, that's your loss.  The rest of us who deeply love this movie do not care what you think.  I am a thirthysomething guy who has seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one stands in its own entity, in my book.  It was not supposed to be a documentary, or a completely factual account of what happened that night. It is the most amazing love story ever attempted.  I know that it is the cynical 90's and the millennium has everyone in a tizzy, but come on. Someone on this comments board complained that it made too much money! How lame is that?  It made bundles of money in every civilized country on the planet, and is the top grossing film in the planet.  I will gladly side with the majority this time around. Okay, cynics, time to crawl back under your rock, I am done. "Based on the tragedy that spawned thousands of heartbreaking true stories, comes this fake one." It's time to decide: was it insensitive and somewhat cheap of James Cameron to throw two made-up passengers who fall in love onto the ship? Or did these two characters offer the audience an anchor to hold onto as we are guided through the dreadful events of April 15th, 1912? Without a doubt, the latter. The fictional story of Jack and Rose never distracts from the tragic true story, it cinematically enhances it. We never ever miss the bigger picture.First of all, just look at this film. The resplendent wonder of the film's set design, both interior and exterior, places you right on board. It looks and feels the part. And when the inevitable disaster strikes, Cameron grabs onto you and drags you through each painful moment in striking detail. The sinking of the Titanic is brought to life with exquisite attention to detail and astonishing visual effects. It makes for the greatest disaster scenes in any movie I've seen.However, a Roland Emmerich or Michael Bay film this is not, as Cameron never allows the spectacle to distract us from the agony of it. Watching the Titanic being destroyed is not fun or, in its broadest sense, exciting - it's intensely distressing. Unlike most disaster films, it never feels like we're watching a crowd of extras on a film set flailing around. The lead up to the iceberg strike engages you so convincingly in the period, such that each person in front of the camera has been imbued with rich character. And when the ship sinks, it genuinely shocks you to see them go. For a good part of the sinking, Jack and Rose's fictional plight is quite sensibly placed to one side, giving us time to reflect on the truth and how it would have felt to be aboard the ship that horrifying night.So aside from its sweeping spectacle and moving depiction of real-life tragedy, what does the story of Jack and Rose bring to the table? In spite of how persuasive the film is, one must remember - it's ultimately a work of fiction, not a documentary. Like any period drama, it is an interpretation of how society worked at the time. Jack and Rose, as well as being beautifully played by DiCaprio and Winslet, are incredibly well crafted. They are a window into a much more subtle form of racism, which is still prevalent today. It's called class, and in the latter half of the movie, it becomes a tool with which to decide who lives and who dies.Titanic has pretty much anything you can ask for. It's a romance; it's a disaster movie; it's an action film; it's got a sense of humour and wit; it's a period drama; it's a tragedy. Summed up, Titanic is about as perfect a cinematic experience as you're ever likely to get. One of The best movies ive seen, 10/10 and People say its ok? This movie AT its best mfk. It's the first movie I've watched in cinema. On the first seat. It was amazing.
It seemed like the ship was going inside me :) I have watched Titanic how many times I don't know. Everytime I watch it, I still cry, laugh, smile, and feel. The story flows with tension throughout the movie; two actors' acting and chemistry need applaud; Sinking ship is realistically filmed; 'My Heart Will Go On' is perfect fit for Jack and Roses' love story and is timeless as well. All the movie's factors are fully qualified. What more can I say? It is the masterpiece. The stage curtains open ...Not since the advent of the 1995 film, "Braveheart", have I ever been as enthralled or emotionally invested into a movie as I was with "Titanic". I knew going in, just from the trailer and word-of-mouth, it was going to be good, but I had no idea the ride I was in for when the lights dimmed in the theater that night. I have never understood (and still don't understand) the negative backlash that I've read/heard when it come to this epic film. Because, it is just that - epic in every way, shape or form.We follow along as a young wayfarer named Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio) wins a ticket to board the Titanic in a game of chance. During its fateful voyage, he meets and falls for an upper-class girl named Rose (Kate Winslet). Under the thumb of her demanding fiance (Billy Zane) and her narrow-minded mother, Rose is introduced to a different side to life by Jack, and he helps her to find her own individuality and independence, alienating her from a life that she already despises. She must now decide if she'll choose to stay where she is, or leave and have a life with Jack - a decision that is further compounded when the mighty ship strikes an iceberg leading to the eye popping conclusion.What makes this film work is the love story. A lot of the negative reviews I've read complain because there is a love story. But, without it, this movie doesn't work. I am not interested in watching a biography about the Titanic, I want a good story - and this movie certainly delivers that. I was completely invested in Jack and Rose, and when the ship began to sink, I was with them both every step of the way.I highly recommend this movie at 10 stars out of 10. The event of the ship sinking alone was awe inspiring. You are right there in the scene. I could not take my eyes off the screen. The direction is tight, the special effects phenomenal, and the acting completely believable. DiCaprio and Winslet had perfect chemistry. I was affected and moved by "Titanic". And even knowing the outcome, I will happily get on board again and again. I find it so amazing that even after all these years, we are STILL talking about this movie! Obviously this movie wasn't THAT bad or else people wouldn't even BOTHER to talk about it.  I personally enjoyed this film immensly, and still do!  I guess this film isn't for everyone, but it certainly did touch the hearts of many. As for those that think that this film is "overrated" or "over-hyped"...well, we only have the movie-going public to thank for that! lol*  You see, it's not CRITICS/article writers that make a film "HUGE" or a "HIT" with the general movie-going public.  PEOPLE make the film a huge success.  With Titanic, everyone was in awe.  Let's face it, a film like this had never been made before.  At least not with the type of special effects needed to really capture the essence of the ship actually sinking. This film is so accurate that even James Cameron timed the actual sinking of the ship in the film with the REAL sinking that fateful day in April 1912. Even the silverware for goodness sakes matched!  Give this movie a break you guys!  The critics thought this movie would sink BIG time!  When this movie actually came out and people started hearing by WORD OF MOUTH (which is the BEST form of advertisement mind you) that this was a good/decent/movie worth seeing, then everyone started flocking to the theaters in droves to see this movie...not once, not twice, but maybe 3 times and more!  So, I really wouldn't say that this movie was "overhyped"...at least not like the buildup for the MATRIX reloaded or the HULK is being "overhyped".  ha!  Critics didn't even think that Titanic would make enough money to cover Cameron's gigantic film budget that it took to make this mammoth of a film.  However, the films money took care of that 200 million budget and MUCH more!  Personally, I LOVE this film.  However, this film might not be for everyone. DOn't say that this film sucks just because of romance though!  THat is the most sexist thing I've ever heard! Disliking a movie just because it has romance in it!  The story was sweet.  The dialogue could have been better, but let's face it...the REAL star of the movie wasn't Leo or Kate...it was that GIGANTIC Ship!    I think all of the actors including DiCaprio and Winslet did a fine job.  It's not thier best work (I've seen much BETTER work from both of them) but it wasn't the WORST I've seen on screen before. Give them a break! This movie re-wrote film history in every way.  No one cares what anyone thinks about this movie, because it transcends criticism.  Every flaw in the movie is easily overcome by the many amazing things the movie has going for it.  It is an extremely beautiful movie, and I doubt many of us will see anything like it again. I've seen it more times than I care to count, and I still become transfixed every time, with a feeling which is hard to describe.  One for the ages. Thirteen years after Titanic launched and all it takes is the first few bars of that haunting music to transport me back to my first time watching the movie in the theater. It was beyond comprehension - the entire spectacle and production. I bought the books, read the history books and found myself immersed in all things Titanic.I didn't hurt that my great, great aunt was on the ship and survived. It makes it a little personal for me. In fact, I happen to own one of the only objects in existence that came off of the ship into a lifeboat and did not go into the water.Love the movie - it still is #1 in my book. James Cameron's 'Titanic' is essentially a romantic adventure with visual grandeur and magnificence, a timeless tragic love story set against the background of this major historical event... It's an astonishing movie that exemplifies hope, love and humanity... Leonardo DiCaprio is terrific on screen with big charisma... Conveying passion, trust, insouciance and ingenuity, he's a free-spirited wanderer with artistic pretensions, and a zest for life... Kate Winslet is absolutely lovely as the confused upper-class teen engaged to a nasty rich guy who finds herself, one night, plunged to the depths of despair...Billy Zane is an arrogant racist, abusive and ultra rich who would lie, cheat, steal, bribe with money or even use an innocent young child to escape defeat... He keeps a 56 carat blue diamond worn by Louis XVI...Kathy Bates is the legendary unsinkable Molly Brown, the richest woman in Denver, who is a lot less uptight than the other rich folk on the ship...Frances Fisheris is the impecunious cold snobbish mother who, deathly afraid of losing her social stature, forces her daughter to become engaged to marry a rich, supercilious snob...Victor Garber is the master shipbuilder, the real-life character who attempts to fix time, to measure it, in a sense, to make it into history... Jonathan Hyde is the White Star Chairman who wants the Titanic to break the Trans-Atlantic speed record, in spite of warnings that icebergs may have floated into the hazardous northern crossing...Bill Paxton is the opportunistic undersea explorer in search for a very rare diamond called the "Heart of the Ocean." Gloria Stuart is the 101-year old woman who reveals a never-before told love story... The nightmare, the horror and the shock are imprinted upon her deeply lined face... 'Titanic' is loaded with luminous photography and sweeping visuals as the footage of the shipwrecked Ocean liner lying motionless on the ocean floor; the incredible transformation of the bow of the sunken 'Titanic' that takes the viewer back to 1912, revealing the meticulously re-created interiors; the first sight of the Titanic steamed steadily toward her date with destiny; the Titanic, leaving the Southampton dock, and some dolphins appear jumping, racing along in front of the luxurious ship; DeCaprio and Winslet flying at the ship's front rail in a gorgeous magic moment; the intertwining of past and present as Jack was drawing Rose on his paper, the camera zooms closely on young Rose's eye, only to transform its shape into Gloria Stuart's aged eye...Chilling scenes: Titanic's inevitable collision with destiny; James Cameron—in one of the most terrifying sequences ever put on film— takes us down with the Titanic, finally leaving us floundering in the icy water, screaming for help that never comes...Winner of 11 Academy Awards, including Best Picture, James Cameron's "Titanic" is a gigantic epic where you don't just watch the film, you experience it! The visual effects are amazing, like no other film's... The decor is overwhelming... James Horner's music intensifies the emotions... The whole movie is hunting and involving, filled with a wide range of deep feelings... It's truly a moving tribute to those who lost their lives on that unfortunate ship... I just want to say wether fictional or not this movie is a masterpice and how it have only 7.8 rantings. This film is the best motion picture in my opinion. The low rating makes no sense to me at all... This movie is magnificent, so well made, the acting is superb. Anything below 9 doesn't do it any justice. I recently watch this movie last week and it's was the most emotional yet so beautiful of a movie it was one of these movies where it made me cry on the ship sinking and the deaths of people it was so emotional and so painful and yet it was a masterpiece I'm glad I saw it and I definitely recommend this movie for all those that need tissues it's just amazing If we have to figure out what the most precious identity humans have, that must be memory. We can absolutely remember lots of things happened during our 80-year lives. Our memories construct the great history. And Titanic is about an old woman's memory about a huge famous boat and her lover she met during her endless trip to America. The first time I watched this film was in my early age. And some precious memory of my own happened during that time. Maybe this is the most important part of the movie to myself. 