I did not want to watch this movie but took my wife to see it, because we both saw the one with Kris Kristofferson and Barbra Streisand, growing up. The crowd was a lot older than we were(we are almost 50) it was the biggest screen they had at our theater and seats a lot but it was maybe half full on Sunday afternoon. Not one dry eye in the place, it had a great tempo and didn't drag on or have any lulls in the story. We were both very pleased and are still engaging in conversations about the movie. It's my opinion to highly recommend to everyone go out and watch a great movie and a heartfelt movie that redefines love in this time and age we live in. That is my two cents, hope you enjoy as much as we have. A magnificent movie, captivating performances by Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga. The ultimate shock was how brilliant Lady Gaga was, we knew she could sing, but didn't have any idea just how far her acting talent stretches!
After watching that I can tell you it stretches far enough to earn her some Oscar gold. 
The movie is outstanding, the music is annoyingly perfect, the cast is great and everything shouts Oscar worthy movie. 
Ten out of ten! Bradley cooper and Lady Gaga collaboration on this remake of the classic A Star Is Born results in an outstanding movie and soundtrack that keeps you looking ofr more until the very end of the movie. This movie really touched my heart, it really is the best movie of the year and everyone should see this masterpiece. I was impressed by Gaga's acting skills, she deserves an Oscar! And her voice.... Omg she is so perfect, the song I Will Never Love Again is so majestic Poised to be an instant classic, almost everything about this film is phenomenal - the acting, the cinematography, the discography, etc. A movie that will take you to another world full of emotions. Lady Gaga is an amazing actress with impressive acting skills! The songs are pure art and her voice will give you chills, you'll just find yourself in tears! 
I don't need to talk about the legendary Bradley Cooper!! This is literally the best movie of 2018 
And one of the best Musical/Romance movies ever! Without any further doubt, Bradley Cooper truly delivers a topnotch, riveting, and outstanding directorial debut and performance that clearly speaks of magnificence and greatness. Despite the fact that A Star is Born has been retold several times in its iteration from 1937, 1954, and 1976, the excellent screenplay and direction clearly shows an effective and superb storytelling that can make an devastating and powerful impact while making itself as fresh as its own that serves as a contemporary modern musical classic for the modern generation. Even its depiction of depression, addiction, mental issues as well fame are well accurately portrayed. Clearly, this film blends well with emotion, love, inspiration and sensibilities.Lady Gaga is also incredibly remarkable within this film. Her knockout acting performance clearly blew anyone's minds and with her fantastic singing voice, elevates the great quality of the film. Sam Elliott has also given a memorable and exceptional performance. Even the chemistry of Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga are really off the charts and skyrocketed into a spectacular and amazing experience.Another remarkable qualities that the film presented with is the realistic and colorful cinematography and masterful editing but what truly shines above it all is the music and the songs as it's considered as the heart and soul of the film.This is definitely of the year's best film and will be worth remembered as a memorable musical masterpiece that will be a part of the classical musicals such as La La Land, Moulin Rouge!, and etc. I didn't expect this movie to be THAT HUGE. The movie is full of emotions and deep moments that I've found myself in tears. The songs are amazing, the act is amazing and I can say that this is movie of the year Hope this is not the last time we see Bradley direct and Gaga act. Both Lady Gaga & Bradley Cooper were able to show of their creative talents in this with the stunning songs in the soundtrack, Bradley's directional skills & Gaga's acting! I would definitely consider this to be one of those movies which you HAVE to watch. This movie will definitely remain timeless and will move you to tears :) A great movie!! Gaga was so incredible and Bradley was a great director Sizzling chemistry between Jackson and Ally makes for a perfect watch! The cinematography is splendid. Lady Gaga truly might be the greatest musician of this generation. Almost all of the music is written and produced by her along with talented producers and songwriters like Diane Warren, Julia Michaels, Mark Ronson, Mark Nilan, Paul Blair and the likes of it. Rupaul's drag race alumnus Shangela and Willam are a perfect add to this melodrama. Sam Elliott is phenomenal, Dave Chapelle and Andrew Dice Clay give great performances.Bradley Cooper proves himself as a strong director, and Lady Gaga is a revelation. Its like a whole new side of her. I highly recommend this movie. This movie is perfect, it made me cry from the beginning to the end, it deserves several Oscar's nominations. Lady Gaga is a true astist. Just saw #ASIB prescreening. This film is going to be HUGE! Our movie plans for this weekend was to see another concert/musical movie that has just opened in the theaters, Bohemian Rhapsody. We grew up in that age of music and Queen was and still is one of my most favorite bands. Seeing as though movies come and go very quickly, we decided on A Star Is Born instead. Never being a real fan of Lady GaGa, but appreciating her voice, and my wife adoring Bradley Cooper, I knew this was the correct choice as soon as Cooper started singing. Lady GaGa's singing as to be expected was exquisite, but her acting was totally unexpected, it is deserved of an Oscar nod. The acting between the two was so natural. Bradley Cooper's singing was unreal. I forget the previous renditions of this movie, and that's OK. I have read everything there is to read on IMDB and any other source in order to soak up the artistry of this movie. I will see it again, this time at a theatre with an enhanced sound system, get the soundtrack and of course the DVD when it comes out. I usually don't rate movies 10. Eight or nine are my highest ratings, after all, what really rates a 10? A Star Is Born does.
Oh yea, I hope Bohemian Rhapsody is not a disappointment, but I can't foresee it being as good as this was. The remake of this version of A Star Is Born has totally paid off and truly deserves all the positive reviews it has received. It is an absolute success and everything about the movie delivered 100%. The acting was outstanding, the soundtrack is awesome, and the movie is epic. The Soundtrack has a collection of beautiful songs from the movie that I will most certainly keep and treasure for years to come. Lady Gaga is arguably the best female singer in the music industry and has brilliant acting skills to match. Same can be said about Bradley Cooper who is phenomenal in what he does from directing to acting and now singing.
I think they will win Oscar's 2019 for: Best Leading Actress, Best Leading Actor, Best Director, Best Picture and Best Original Song. 10/10 fantastic movie Ok, maybe I'm slack because these type of film is very hard to intrigue the audience with a 30 second trailer. But I had 0 expectation before watching this and the only reason for the view was because this was the only one I haven't watched in the cinema. But wow when I came out of the cinema I was way too mind blown of how perfectly this was filmed and conveyed the message.Quite a number of symbolism used in the film showed real good directing skills too (for example, how Cooper tells the driver to turn right into the bar a billboard showing the hanging knot passes over his head but after that he meets the girl at the bar and his life quickly turns around. But after realising that he is stopping her from having her dream he goes back to the initially symbolised method of suicide.)I didn't even know Cooper was the director for this but oh my, he did a fantastic job directing and acting out the character that he was portraying. A pathetic mess of a human being meeting the love of his life to turn his life around but slowly sees himself decaying while his partner gets all the spotlights and when he is finally in a rehab to be healthy, just to be with his wife again, he is told and realised that he's the one stopping her.Fantastic film to watch. 10/10. Wow, amazing film.
Powerful, superb acting.
Gaga is so very gifted and I've never heard anyone match Whitney until now the last song could be her.
A masterpiece and should win every award going. It is and will always be a great movie. The songs keep repeating themselves in my head.
It is a beautiful story of love , human emotion and tragedy. Great viewing A heartbreakingly beautiful film. Bradley Cooper & Lady Gaga performances in this film were outstanding. I thought they handled addiction very well, it'll be different for everyone, but I've had people close to me battling alcohol addiction & it's never easy. Bradley played it to perfection. Spoiler coming, the scene when Cooper' character is trying to get clean & Gaga' character visits him, his 'i'm Sorry' while breaking down into tears & her handling of the 'its not your fault, it's a disease' was so touching. A heartbreaking ending, as a lot of addictions do. The soundtrack is ace & they deserve every single award they will be nominated for this film. Get out & see this. Wow what I can say.... The best movie I have seen in years. Perfectly exceuted by the wonderful Bradley Cooper, he has really thought about the subject, the way he captures the star quality, emotions and most of all the importance of mental health is just incredible... Hard to believe that this is the first movie he has directed, very talented man. Bradley and Lady Gaga display the most amazing chemistry, I can't express how perfect they were in the movie. Their voices made me cry throughout the movie, so much soul and passion, together make a phenomenal sound. I will definitely be seeing this movie over and over again and no doubt this will win an Oscar, hopefully with many awards to come too. This is the time of the year when Oscar worthy movies begin to come out and "A Star is Born" has definitely began the season and set the bar.I knew Bradley Cooper can act and he did a great job but Lady Gaga was the one to steal the show with a marvelous performance. The chemistry between the two of them was the driving factor for this beautiful film where so much happens and yet it never feels rushed or forced. The flow is just natural and filled with various emotions from sadness to humor, despair and anger.... As expected, the music is diverse and touching from both Gaga and Cooper who was a big surprise in this department. Overall a wonderful film that leaves a good afterthought after you exit the cinema. The chemistry of the couple is perfect and the songs are incredibly beautiful, hopefully the roles of Gaga and Cooper have the recognition they deserve, as it is noticeable the delivery they have made to their characters, a true story of love and drama. If this doesn't win an Oscar it will be a crime
Gaga and cooper are amazing Incredible movie, beautiful performance by Gaga and B. form a beautiful couple, very exciting and well produced. 