I don't know what people were expecting. I hadn't read the books before seeing the movie and I am assuming that maybe this was a good thing. I enjoyed the film. I do not agree with the lack of chemistry either. There was a weird chemistry which I believe made sense because of the unusual relationship. He is an odd character and she is intimidated and is also very innocent therefore it isn't going to be the usual sexual chemistry that you would find in a romantic film. A lot of people have said there was not enough sex or it was not raunchy enough. Firstly, if there were any more sex scenes it would have got quite boring, and instead we got to see a bit of a story line. Also there is only so much that they can show in a film, surely? What were people expecting? Also one final point in relation to the comments I have seen regarding the film giving S&M a bad name; I don't agree. This is a specific story about one guy who is into specific things and goes about things a particular way. It was all consensual (and it is made clear that it must be). The whole point of the story is that Christian Grey's sexual desires are confusing for Anatasia to understand and that the relationship is quite complicated due to their mutual feelings for each other. I have also seen comments that this film is sexist and degrades women. This film does not promote that at all it merely shows a story of someone who practises in S&M and in this instance the man is the dominant. She has a choice as to whether she wants to engage in this and the film does not say "this is okay" and "woman should do this". The character was not forced to do anything. I do not get why people feel the need to accuse films of implying or portraying such things.Obviously this film is not perfect and there are things that could have been better but I enjoyed this film and personally would recommend it to others. I can get quite bored in films but I was not bored at all, I have paid more to see films that are A LOT worse than this. I was a little hesitant when I decided to go watch the movie, since in my opinion most movies made from books lack a lot of scenes that are originally in the book. Jamie and Dakota have a palpable connection, despite other negative reviews (another reason why I was doubting this movie), cinematography was great, and over all this movie was if not completely then very close to what I was expecting after reading the books. Right after leaving the movie theater I wanted to go back and watch it again, it leaves you wanting to know more about Christian Grey, even when you've already read the books. I'm looking forward to the next one and I recommend you watch this one and don't listen to all the negative reviews. I loved it! This movie is really not as bad as everyone is making it out to be. Many voters haven't even seen it and others have hated it before they saw it.I was so focused on the book the first time I saw it that I didn't really appreciate the movie for what it was. Then a friend dragged me in for a second viewing and I knew what to expect. I was very surprised because it wasn't as bad as I thought the first time.No, it is not a masterpiece. And it's missing many scenes from the book - a book that was terribly written and originally was a Twilight fanfic (which still pains me),but had a good story. This is the story, they should focus on.The sex scenes were not necessary to that extent and they should have cut it short. Dakota Johnson was not my favorite choice for Ana Steele. She's not tiny enough. But I found her actually very fun and quite good. Jamie Dornan was a good Christian for me, though many do not agree. A few times his accent slipped, but other than that he did a very good job. Sadly the script didn't give Jamie and Dakota much room to explore their roles. It was too shallow so I applaud them for doing it so well.But a few casting choices were not so good. Elliot was not a sweet, hot lady killer, but looked more like a creepy drug dealer. Kate was not gorgeous enough and Grace (Christians mom) was too young.All the criticism for being anti feminism is something I don't understand. We start out with seeing a girl who doesn't have any self-esteem and lets everyone walk all over her. Then she meets a man who gives her confidence to stand up for herself. She finds her own inner strength. Also, there's no rape between Ana and Christian, not in the movie nor the book.Many from the BDSM community complains that the book makes it seem that you can only be into BDSM if you have psychological problems. It isn't true. Ana discovers that she likes it too and that 'it isn't the how that was wrong. It was the why'. There's nothing wrong with liking BDSM, but it is wrong if you do it to punish and work out your personal problems. I think it's sad that the movie has such a bad rating on IMDb because it's not terrible. Many horrible movies have better ratings so it's obviously because of the hype that many don't like the movie (or the books for that matter).Go watch the movie without expectations. You'd be surprised. Well, I read all three books. The first two book is kinda filled with lots of steamy stuff but third book is more interesting. Me and my fiancé had a chance to go at a pre-screening of the movie. And to tell you the truth, this is probably 98% match with the book. People complain no matter what. "It's not like the book...blah blah...Oh, its like the book. No new material..." But I say, this is not everyone's cup of tea. I like it because it has sensuality. People think this movie promotes violence. I don't see any violence in here and neither does my fiancé. These are acts of two adult, consenting to perform BDSM. It is not full on torture to mean and hurt anyone. Again, its not for everyone. So if you don't like it. Stay away of it rather than putting negative comments and confusing people. I understand this can be new to some people and be little uncomfortable but that's what everything new is going to be like. So, I liked the movie and enjoyed it even though lots of nakedness. But, hey this is the 50 shades of Grey! I loved the book to movie adaptation; overall the movie is basically just like the book. There were a few scenes that had to be left out but there was no way they could translate the entire book into the movie. The sex scenes were tastefully done. IMO if people like the book they will like the movie. Dakota did an amazing job of portraying every facet of Ana. Dakota did an amazing job of portraying every facet of Ana. I am a huge Charlie Hunnam fan, actually he is the reason I finally gave in and read the books, I was upset when he backed out and doubted at first Jamie being castHOWEVER after seeing the moving, Jamie is Christian, he brought the stiff, standoffish, cold, older in manner than years Christian from book1 to life, I could see his struggles with realizing he actually felt real emotions about a woman, the struggle with changing for her, staying away from her. Honestly, after watching the movie I can't see anyone else as Christian or Ana. In book 2, Fifty Shades Darker, Christian really starts to evolve and we learn more about him and I can't wait to see Jamie bring FSD Christian to life. The ending had me in tears and I went home and immediately started a re-read of book 2 Fifty Shades Darker. Applause to Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson, Sam Taylor-Johnson, Kelly Marcel, EL James and the entire cast and crew for bring Fifty Shades of Grey to life in such a splendid, classy, funny, sexy manner!!! Bring on Darker and Freed!!!! Fifty shades of grey, was actually a good movie. i don't know why people say the opposite, but i really enjoyed watching it.To be clear, i haven't read the book,so i can not compare the book to the movie, i do not know if there were scenes that were not shown in the movie or if there was deterioration of the characters of the book,etc etc.Its a romantic story, of a girl who falls in love with grey, but he is dealing with his own demons (he is fifty shades of f*cked up), as he calls himself, unable to love unable to be touched, he only wants to rule,be the dominate male, and has this playgrounf to feed his appetite. Anna, falls inlove with him, she tries her best to understand him, tries to please him by doing all that he wants, but in the end she cannot handle it anymore and leaves. Gray does not want her to leave, he has feelings for her, he does not want to accept the fact that anna is changing him.As i said, it is an interesting movie, with a nice plot and romance, the erotica scenes, were not disturbing to me, there where well played so as not to make it look like a porn movie. I saw this film on Valentine's weekend, And as all book to film situations the film lacks the description, and this book holds a lot of description especially where fueling imagination goes. The film always had a lot to live up to. But i think they did it well. A few of the scenes jumped through quite quickly without explaining what was happening so I'm hoping maybe when they release the DVD there will be some uncut scenes added or bonus scenes. I think you understand Ana quite well but you miss some of Christians Depth, and how he really feels about Ana. But overall i really did enjoy it, the scenes played well, and were a lot more raunchy than i was expecting. And very funny in places. A great start to the series. I think most people love the second book more so hopefully more detail next time please.As for Jamie and Dakota, I think they had all the chemistry there, and did it really well. I think the script was more lacking than the actors playing them.The directing was great and the overall look and feel of the film was great. i think the book to film sets were exactly as they should of been, and felt they kept true to the books.Great film did exactly what it said on the tin :) I feel like everyone who is writing all these reviews are people who haven't seen the movie and are just saying it "sucks" because of everything they've heard. I read the books and loved them and I told my friends to go watch the movie with me. One of my friends heard there was "rape" and all this other BS. There's no rape, no abuse, nothing. It was all consensual. The movie itself was really good they followed the book and got most of the key points and there was also a little comedy in there! So don't listen to these stupid reviews and watch it because apart from all the moms it was amazing, I really hope they make fifty shades darker soon because my standards are really high now 3.6.Is that even possible?The movie was really good ,not great but really good.It really exceeded my expectations ,of course that some parts of the movie should appear on the screen ,but that was the choice of the director and I agree with what has been done.When I arrive to the cinema , my mind was boiling and my heart was pounding really fast(maybe some people will considerer it ridiculous).But when it starts was a really joy to see it.Also,the actors made a really good job ,specially Jamie and Dakota(the others basically didn't have to much to say). However,I don't know how I will wait more 2 years for the next movie ,since I read all the three books just a couple months ago and the second book was my favourite.This time my expectations will be even more high,because we will see a different side of Christian ,more tender,romantic and generous man . Maybe Spoilers here!I went to see the movie today and was a little afraid after seeing the rating. But as a hardcore Fifty Shades of Grey fan I was ready to jump in and give it a try.So I will be quick with my points~ Dakota Johnson..Stunning..she was cute..charming...and classy she brought Anastasia Steele to life in front of me just the way I had pictured her from reading the 3 books.~ Jamie Dornan...yes his accent came through sometimes but I didn't notice it enough to make a big deal of it like some people are seeming to. His acting to me was great, his body language perfect, his look is amazing, he is a stunning man and a great actor. Too me he was intense, intimidating and kept me begging for me. ~ The sex...was wow...kept me on my seats. I was a little afraid about seeing the red room in person and I thought they did it tastefully and to me it wont scare away people who have not read the books. ~ Chemistry...who says they don't have Chemistry? or that the actors hate each other? You even see in the interview where they said Jamie would cover her up, they obviously have to care about each other and I never see any bad vibes between. Their chemistry in the movie was great, something most women are gonna be dreaming of having.~ It followed the books perfectly without being boring. They added their own flare to scenes to keep it from feeling like it was read straight out of the book.~ The ending was done just the way I imagined, it leaves us open and wanting for the 2nd film especially for anyone who hasn't read the books. My mother went with my group and she has never read a page of the books. But she left the theater wanting to know when the 2nd movie was coming out so she could know what happens to them. ~ I expected there to be many haters of this movie, and its not going to be every ones cup of tea but I believe that its going in the right direction and the 2nd and 3rd movie will have more variety as anyone who has read the books knows where the plot goes. We can focus on romance/sex/ and then add some action in there and suspense.~ I love Dakota and Jamie. I hope they don't go through reading these and be to hard on themselves. They did a great job, so let them ignore the crap reviews and realize the real fans are here to support them!! <3 <3 <3 So I got the privilege of going to the fan screening last week, and I was nervous, because I feared that with the TV Spots that meant the movie might not be great but you know what it was! I was excited because Dakota & Jamie have modeling background, so they are comfortable with working their bodies in front of the camera. The music with the scenes were pieced in together beautifully. I like that Dakota brought forth her natural sass, charisma and humour and Jamie has this ability to be cold one moment, and look adorably cute the next. The fact that Sam is a photographer was also something I was excited about because the shots of the city,and the shots of the different angles of certain scenes with Jamie & Dakota in the red room, his bedroom or her room, as well as the view of the city was so wonderfully pieced together so I look forward to seeing the next two adaptations if all three are a part of it. People might dislike this film because its not exactly like the book, but people have to remember its an ADAPTATION, or perhaps because they think they had a different vision of what the characters looked like, but this is Sam Taylor Johnson's vision of the characters, and she saw qualities or ways that these actors portrayed these characters that she knew were perfect for HER vision, or maybe it's because of what you feel about what their love story entails, but you know, just because you don't like it, don't push your thoughts and hate on other people, respect what others like and dislike. Watch it if you're a fan of Dakota, Jamie or Sam, or if you're a fan of the books, or if you're curious to see what it's about, but just have an open mind ;) Why did I give this movie a 10, you ask? Well, I will happily tell you. The movie, even though it is based off of the book, is nothing like the book. I am not hearing the words "inner goddess" 60 times nor am I reading "gasp" more times than I blink. Every character that was in the movie was perfect, hand picked, and well done. Ana is a lovable young girl and Christian isn't as Alpha Male as the book describes. It's actually quite fun to watch these two interact on screen during their conversations. Ana, which in the book, is a more naive character, is portrayed as intelligent, witty, and sassy, which is a nice change. Christian, although seemingly dominant, shows the softer side of him throughout most of the movie.Now, to those of you who haven't seen the movie but are rating it based upon the books just sound ignorant. At no point in time does E.L. James state this IS what BDSM is, this is HER fantasy, something that she has been thinking up for awhile now, this is what SHE wants. Everyone's fantasies differ, that's what makes things like this so taboo. Assuming that this is what the BDSM style is like is simply ignorant. I don't think they have a reason to be offended because she's "Not portraying the right BDSM lifestyle" Is there really a "right way"? Some people cover them selves in leather, others are chained, others use ropes, women and men can both be submissive and dominant. At NO point does she out right say that this IS what BDSM is, and that's it. No, she doesn't.Another issue that is being brought up is rape. When in the hell does he rape her!??! At no time in my reading of the books does he ever rape her!? Did you even read the book!? What!? Also, she agrees to this lifestyle and she is the one who willingly submits (she even ASKS him some of the time). When she says "NO" or "STAY AWAY FROM ME", he does. I'm really not seeing any rape here. You can't rape the willing (which is also known as 'consensual sex') Weird concept, huh? Also, boycotting it for domestic violence?! Please, this movie was ANYTHING but that. At no time did he out right beat her or even get close to doing that. Unless you think it's abusive to aggressively make out with someone in an elevator unexpectedly. Eh. I was honestly trying to find even a HINT of domestic violence...I came up with nothing.You're probably sick of reading this by now, but, a few more things to add to the table. Boycotting this movie because it's "Violent" "Against Sacredness of Sex" "Rape" ...have you even seen the movies that are out right now!? I would rather watch a woman asking to be whipped than a child in American Sniper get his brains drilled out by terrorists. Or a girl who is portrayed at 16/17 years old in The Boy Next Door completely naked and sucking off 'the boy next door' (underage porn much? even if she is really 25, her character is NOT). Oh, and that SAW Series!? What the hell you guys, really? You're OK with someone sawing off their leg and playing games with people, but not with Ana and Christian!? Last thing: How sex should be sacred. PLEASE NOW, that is a joke in today's society and if you think this movie takes away from that, please pardon yourself from EVER watching Game of Thrones, Dexter, Sons of Anarchy, ya know, those super popular shows about killing and sex and crime? Why aren't you boycotting those?! How do those have such high ratings? Well, I read the books several times and I still am. I saw the movie and I think it was perfect! But before I watch the film, I wanted to know what people who had seen the film could well think. There is a huuuuuuuuuge enemy team and the opposite. I read all opinions about fifty shades that are against it.It is right to have an opinion, but look, it's yours. Just do not generalize about feminist subject or anything else. Oh and yes, stop judging. There is a lot of people who are practicing this kind of sex. I do not judge you because you do not like Facebook or because you eat McDonalds, etc. Whatever... In the movie and the book, Anastasia was not forced by anyone to do it! She and only her decided to do it. This can be degrading for you, but maybe not for her ... and for all others who are practicing all that sex and stuff.For those who hate, if you do not like it, just go away and go live your life! I mean, yes, OK you do not like this, and you think this is the worst movie ever! Good for you! But people who have not read the book and have not seen the film have their own opinion about it. Maybe you do not like, but others like it.And please, don't stop putting 1/10 if have not seen the movie. Well, who the hell are you to judge ??? Before watching the film I checked the IMDb star rating minus reading the reviews to gauge public opinion. I didn't want to read reviews as I want to form my own opinion unblemished. I was wonderfully surprised by how much I enjoyed the movie yet horrified by most of the reviews on here. If the movie was fairly judged for what it is I'd probably rate it a 7 but choose to give it a 10 to compensate.I thought it was filmed beautifully and the acting flawless. I haven't read the books but watched it being a fan of Jamie Dornan, if you haven't already you should watch him in The Fall with Gillian Anderson. He is an excellent actor and am amiss by what many have described of him personally I think he makes the movie and is a leading man with substance! First of all i don't understand why so much hate on this movie?And why did IMDb website open voting process when the movie wasn't even shown at the theaters?Haters are going to hate but leave it alone already!Now down to the movie...After the very long anticipation and excitement for the movie i experienced two feelings after seeing it. - Astonished -FrightenedFilm is totally fine and doesn't contain abuse or anything that hurts female population at all! Everything is consensual and negotiated. By the end of the film you will realize,ironically that Anastasia is in charge.Film is fun to watch with partners and reason for that is Dakota Johnson.Yes, her sense of humor that was given to a character needs to be praised all the way.She makes the film a romantic comedy that will soon give new dark twist that makes this movie intriguing in the first place.She is not annoying and i like her character more in movie than from the book.Both of them, even Jamie Dornan has developed sense of humor that makes this movie entertaining to watch.Now i have some worries about Johnson...i feel like she has given too much of exposure to herself for this film without being aware of the consequences. I would be so woesome if she fails in getting what she wants and that her career of acting will flop afterwards. Because she is such a great actress.Cinematography and Soundtrack for this movie are perfect! And i have no complaints about that. Plot is okay but the dialog wasn't so great. It was cheesy. But Hey!All the Nicholas Sparks movies have cheesy dialogs but better rating for some reason, and who gives a darn about that.Sex scenes were not shocking or controversial but very well done in artistic way.Praise Sam Taylor Johnson for that.In particular one i like the most is Anastasia losing virginity. That scene was simply beautiful shot.Angles,background music and the most gorgeous part was when the camera was directed to the ceiling where we can see reflection of Ana and Christian having sex and that part reminded me so much of an artist Édouard-Henri Avril.The movie is simply beautiful and i hope that people will stop complaining about it. I gave it a 10 just because this movie deserves more and has so much more in its source material. Hope this helps. Looking forward for the sequels. Anyone who posts poor reviews for this movie either didn't read the book, didn't understand/like the book, or are prude. The movie was such an incredible adaptation of the book and the actors all did a very great job portraying their characters, Although the film grazed over the minor details of the book, they did an incredible job following the story line and had very tasteful sex scenes. Although while I will admit this film is not for everybody, anyone who enjoyed the book will probably enjoy the movie. People really shouldn't take this movie too seriously and go into it with an open mind. Obviously there is strong sexual content but that is basically a given since it is based on a book that's primary focus is sex. I truly believe this film's ratings do not give it nearly enough credit that it deserves. I thought the movie was great!!! The chemistry was OUTSTANDING. I am very happy with the movie! Can't wait for movie number TWO!! Dakota did a wonderful job playing Anastasia and Jamie did a great job playing Christian! They brought the characters to life and i'm more then pleased!! I've seen the movie two times now and it just keeps on getting better :) The last scene was heartbreaking but the glider scene was AMAZING and the helicopter scene..omg! You can really see the love they have for one another in the movie and it just keeps on growing later on!! And i do understand that the can't include every detail in the film but i do think they included the very important scenes! :) Just finished watching Fifty Shades of Grey and I gotta say... the film was beautiful. Yes, I am using the word beautiful to describe this movie. I went into the theater completely prepared to be embarrassed because of how graphic it was supposed to be, but I was extremely surprised by how I actually felt. I watched all of the scenes that were made available and thought that it all seemed a bit awkward, but it was only because there was no background music or noise. Watching the actual scenes in the movie was a whole other experience. The movie is getting a really bad rep because of the bad writing and graphic scenes that are in the book that it is based on. However, the movie is not just a "sex movie" like everyone says. It's pretty hilarious and romantic. The sex scenes were extremely dialed down and they all served a purpose. If you thought the pointless sex in The Wolf of Wall Street was acceptable, then you would be more than okay with the content in this Fifty Shades. Before I watched Fifty Shades of Grey, I watched a lot of interviews with the cast of the film and was confused as to how they could possibly describe the sex scenes as being classy and elegant. But then again, all I had to compare it to were scenes from Game of Thrones, True Blood, The Wolf of Wall Street, etc... After watching this film, I can honestly say that I completely agree with the cast. There was nothing "dirty" or "wrong" about what I was seeing on the screen. Sam Taylor-Johnson, the director, did an excellent job with this movie. She made it very tasteful and easier to accept. This film could have gone in a very bad direction, but thank god it didn't. For those of you that think that this movie is glorifying abusive relationships, think again because I think that it actually empowers women. I'm sure that you can argue, with quotes from the book, that I'm wrong, but there are many differences between the film and the book. Let me remind all of you that the book is a little over 500 pages and the movie is only about 2 hours long. Obviously, they had to cut a lot of things out, including the blue string scene that I'm sure a lot of people are aware of. In my opinion, they cut out many of the scenes that were considered controversial. I watched the movie looking for signs of an abusive relationship, but I really didn't see anything of that nature. In fact, all I saw was this confident and empowered woman that made all of her own decisions. She was not forced to do anything that she didn't want to do. She wanted to explore Christian's dark world and her own sexuality. You can argue that Christian abuses her physically and emotionally, but he does what she tells him to do. When she says stop he stops. He tries to make it work with her.Moving on to something lighter, the comedy in this movie is on point! There were many "laugh- out-loud" moments that gave the movie a lighter mood. Those scenes were there to show that Christian and Ana's relationship was not all dark and serious. I mean they are both young people in their twenties that should be having fun! Dakota Johnson gave a phenomenal performance and did everything right! She was confident, awkward, shy, and funny all at the same time. Jamie Dornan also did an amazing job as Christian Grey. They had great chemistry. I guess what I'm trying to say is that you should give the movie a chance. If you hate the book, it doesn't necessarily mean that you will hate the movie. I have read many reviews, written by skeptics, saying that they ended up loving it. Don't let the bad reviews or even the book itself stop you from seeing the movie. I was not disappointed at all with the finished product, even though they cut out a few scenes that I loved. It is perfect just the way it is. (I apologize for any grammatical mistakes... Unlike Ms. Steele, I am not an English major) Watch this movie alone. You will enjoy it more. The acting was fabulous the entire premise is awkward and scary. The lack of music in parts is to show this awkwardness.I am a 41 female author and I couldn't get through the book. I am a submissive in my personal life and no one who would know me would guess this.The original billionaire fantasy is cheese in and of itself. However If you look beyond the bad music, lack of music or sound of any kind. there is an awkwardness that you cannot resists. I keep finding myself rewinding so I don't miss parts LOLI found this movie HOT! However, I think it would be awkward watching it with someone else in a theater. This is a personal awkward thing by its very nature. Best if enjoyed alone or with someone who understands.I thought it was perfect and exactly what it was supposed to be. I don't see why there's so much hate I loved the movie and so did all my friends! It definitely met my expectations and they followed the book pretty well, the soundtrack and music in the movie made it even better, not to mention the sex scenes were pretty intense;) All of these hate reviews are really annoying because they're not true whats so ever and whoever is writing them probably don't even know what the book/movie is about. They executed it perfectly especially the ending its literally amazing! Honestly though don't listen to these reviews go watch the movie and make an opinion for yourself. Cant wait for the next movie until then I might have to go watch it again:D I loved the movie. I really felt the chemistry between Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan. They were just what I imagined Anastasia and Christian would be in the books. I don't see a reason why there are harsh comments saying Jamie is not "fit" to be Christian Grey, and that it should be played by actors like you know who. I respect other's taste of choice, but I really think Jamie did great. He had that Christian Grey authoritarian impression but he also showed a bit of Christian's vulnerability in his eyes. And Dakota was perfect for Anastasia Steele with her charmingly innocent features, and sass with a touch of sexiness. They make you love their characters no matter how grave the situation they are in.There were some good parts and lines in the book that was not acted out in the movie, but that was okay because they were just minor stuff anyway. I was glad because the sex scenes were sure intense but was done in a refined way than what "others" expected from the film. I like the ending, it leaves you hanging for more. Just like in the book. There were moments were I laughed, was near to crying, and got captivated and infatuated. Which was perfect. And i felt Ana and Christian's pain(which was profoundly exhibited), and where it was coming from, which is important for the audience to feel. These moments tell you that THERE IS MORE to Fifty Shades of Grey, than simply showcasing eroticism and BDSM, or the rubbish stuff harsh commentators say about it. (Maybe they didn't even watch the movie or read the books, or if they did, then I think they didn't try to delve in enough to the story for better comprehension and approach.) I'll definitely buy a copy of the movie. :) Fantastic film, great acting, this is a love story not a porn or action film, and Jamie and Dakota did brilliantly, the sex scenes were very tastefully done, I have heard that the scenes are tame, the sex scenes are definitely not tame, This film is not about the sex, its the journey of a man who had a terrible upbringing and his struggles when he falls in love, and his life changing from have complete control to giving that control up for the woman he is falling in love with, Dakota does brilliant acting I will definitely go to see this film a few times at the cinema. Well done Jamie and Dakota cant wait for Fifty shades darker in 2016 This is a brilliant film. All the Characters are portrayed to an excellently entertaining standard. It is a love story were the chemistry is electric from start to finish The one liners very funny. I was laughing out loud from beginning to end. I was very concerned from reading the book whether I would cringe at the sex scenes but I have to say the entire film was very tastefully done. I would say a little too much of Dakota and not enough of Jamie. Too much would have been porn. This would have been hard to watch with friends. The ending is brilliant. I laughed out loud at the gasps from the audience. It was a give away of how many had not actually read the books. Please Don't listen to the bad reviews go and see it for yourself. I loved how this movie gave me plenty of time to contemplate the events with all of the blank space offered. The large quantity of nothing happening really allows you to soak up the characters. Along with this the actors did a magnificent job to make comedy brilliantly intertwined in the movie. Their decision to act so dreadful was a great way to bring comedy into the already fantastic movie. Plus the corny dialog was great to really remind you of the book's writing, which is rare, as adaptations are rarely so similar. However the best part of the movie is the valuable message it gives. All you must do to get mysterious men to open up to you is perform lots of weird sex activities, which is what we really must realize. Not to mention domestic violence is perfectly fine, in fact encouraged. Overall this review was complete with sarcasm and in reality this was a terrible movie. If you were surprised at all by the end YOU DIDN'T ACTUALLY READ THE BOOKS! If you didn't read all 3 books, don't go see it! The movie was great! I giggled at several parts and you could feel the connection between "Christian" and "Ana" throughout! I wasn't a fan of the casting before going to see it, but they did a GREAT job! In order to enjoy this film though, YOU MUST READ THE BOOKS!!!!!!!! And all 3 of them. The movie was true to the story for the most part, there were differences and changes, but nothing that changed things drastically. I thought it was great, will certainly go see it again! And will buy when it comes out on DVD! Freed and Darker would be good combined! Darker was my favorite book, so Im really excited about that one! 