This was the last time I watched a movie based on IMDb ratings. Seriously. If you are 15 years old , you may watch this pile of... otherwise... Acting sucks, gangsters are brainless idiots, plot is terrible. "Russian" language? Hollywood, can you at least once hire OK Russian-speaking people? Hellooo??!! Just "a few" notable moments:John Wick is a killer, ghost man, he can kill three man armed only with a pencil, but somehow manages to overlook a couple of brainless thugs hack into his house, lets them beat the crap out of himself, kill his dog and steal his car, wow...John Wick is so famous that even the policeman, the bartenders, the mafia, all the town knew him, but the son of a mafia boss for some reason did not even hear about him! John Wick is very skillful , he managed to do impossible task, he can head shot everyone in the dark, but then he somehow manages to miss five times in a row at Iosef, incredible...John Wick is a ruthless killer, he wants to kill everyone, but when he encounters a female assassin, he decides to leave her alive. How touching.Viggo, mafia boss, hires most professional killers and puts 4 million bounty on John's head, but when he captures him, he decides to play a little bit and leaves him with only two imbecile guards, seriously? If you have more than a couple of brain cells, do yourself a favor and do not waste time and money on this garbage.I know it is too late to warn you not to go see this movie. But still, I am writing this review to express my disappointment, and to say I have no idea why this movie can be rate 7+ here. There must be something wrong.I am a big fan of Keanu. And I do not mind action movie with simple plot, as long as it looks cool. Nevertheless, I was brought down big time. The plot is unbelievably ridiculous. It will leave you amazed, wondering if whether someone pro-read the script before they made it a movie. No twist, no surprise, no character development, nothing thrilling or exciting whatsoever. It is utter boredom. I felt intelligently insulted, to be honest. And the action does not look cool either. Seriously, if you expect something like, let's say, Taken, you will be massively disappointed. John Wick does not really fight. He shots randomly, move randomly, and grunts, and moans. Nothing else. Everything cool about him is what you heard the others say before the fighting starts.I hope this review can actually reach someone, and help to stop them from wasting their time watching this movie. I genuinely do.I thought this was one of the worst films of all-time. I only went to see it because it had an 8.3 rating on IMDb. Wow! It is still rated over 8.0 as we speak. Holy crapamole Batman! This film was boring, lacked ANY character depth, and wasn't amusing or visually interesting. I have literally never been so shocked at the poor quality of a movie script or character development.Wow. This is the worst film I've seen in many, many years. And I'll tell you, it boggles my mind that MOST of you found it enjoyable. Just boggles my fracking mind.And here is my tenth and final line so that I can post this review, which most people will dislike but a few random souls will agree with passionately.I do not know what a lot of you others are drinking before you watched this attempt at a film but I will not be imbibing, that's for sure. There are comments in some of the reviews here that this will be a new cult film, that it is the best action film of the year etc etc etc. Sorry but 'fail' is the only word that comes to mind. The gratuitous and total violence is just pathetic and I might say a serious low point in American culture. Keanu has returned! From what? He looks like a very sad has been actor forced to not act so that the film maker can get his rocks off on this masturbation or a movie. I hope that the directors and producers of this garbage are duly banned from ever making another attempt. Seriously people, if you liked this film then you need to seriously look in the mirror. I mean really! If the mirror don't crack then just be thankful. If I had to find just one redeeming factor I would be very hard pressed. OK - I liked the little dog. YUK!The guy's wife dies. His dog gets killed. He kills 100+ people and steals a dog from a shelter. Great plot, great acting, such a wonderful movie!One-dimensional story: check. One-dimensional characters: check. Terrible dialogue: check. Bad acting: check. Uninspired action scenes: check.I checked IMDb before watching this. People talking about how this is going to be a new cult classic or the revival of Keanu. WTF are you people on crack or something. It was terrible from start to finish! This movie is all about the action and even that feels completely generic and uninspired. The dialogue is just plain painful to watch. I actually felt shame for the people 'acting' on screen. The story...... what story? It's virtually non-existent. Every random person you find on the street can write something better than this.The only thing going for this movie is Keanu looks cool. Even when his acting sucks.this movie is a huge joke, i've never seen anything so ridiculous in my life, it's even worse than runnning scared, keanu goes around and kills everyone like he's god incarnate. i mean in the professional, at least jean reno kills them in a very believable fashion, except when he shoots the cops from the ceiling of the room. i mean in this movie, nothing is believable, 30% of the people get head shotted while moving, that's just retarded, and nobody can headshot john wick, nobody can even shoot him in the arm, hands, leg, or feet. in the beginning, they send a commando squad to his house, like 10 people, they are getting killed one by one or two by two. i mean that's so retarded, even if these guys don't know what they are up against, the fact that ten of them are ordered to kill one guy would tell them they are up against someone good. i mean john just kills them one by one and headshots them like its nothing, i mean i can just fire blindly while he's fighting 2 of my buddies and get at least a shot on him, then i'll just empty the clip into him or go in and empty it into his head. there's a scene where the boss leaves 2 goons to take care of john wick who was hand cuffed, after seeing like 50 of their fellow goons headshoted, you figure they wouldn't leave much to chance. but no, they decide to suffocate him to death with a plastic baggie!!! they hardly even tortured him before doing it. and they exposed themselves to open windows. I would've just put 3 shots into his head. john's friend violated the code by helping him when he said he's gonna kill him and he was ratted out by a female assassin, but that earned her death, wtf? what did she do wrong? john's friend violated the code, why can't he be ratted out? I don't even know why the directed bother to give the bad guys a chance, why don't they just bring back neo and keanu can just off them all with his mind and the movie will be 5 seconds long. oh by the way, keanu can't act, i can grab any random people on the street, and chances are they'll be at least as good.Gone are the days when you could trust the internet ratings on rotten-tomatoes, IMDb.. hell even Wikipedia entry is so wrong about its "reception and critical acclaim"..This is one of the worst movies ever. It's a shame.. IMDb ratings. Movies like these will keep coming out and rigged ratings will keep earning them money. Hollywood is losing it.. Do yourself a favor, and do not watch this garbage. The positive reviews on this website are so clearly made up by the possible stakeholders.. Maybe the producers nowadays are hiring marketing teams whose jobs are to make multiple IDs and post as much positive reviews and ratings on sites like these to fool the public.. and guess what it sells.. some of the positive reviews are so clearly typed by the same fingers.. it is a shame.Wow! This is one of the worst action movies of all times and I can't believe it has 7.2 rating as I write. Where do I even begin? No character development. - Awful script, you won't even remember one line after the movie. - Sloppy acting, no one in the movie is good. - No story. - Poor ending. - Environment, screenplay and visuals are also not that good. - Action sequences are barely tolerable.At the end, I would like to ask those who like this movie: what is wrong with you people? Have you not watched any half-decent movie recently? And to those aspiring to watch this movie, I won't say don't watch it. I'd say watch it and come back to IMDb and rate this movie - as a service to mankind.Cannot think of anything to redeem this movie. Fight scenes were boring with baddies unable to find their target at 3 feet. An expert as John Wick was supposed to be was unable to fight off 2 thugs and an idiot in his own house. He could shoot every other baddie but when it came to Iosef he kept missing. Why didn't he kill Ms Perkins? What was the significance of the gold coins, or was I too uninterested to catch what it was. Also Willem Dafoe was just a pointless addition, could have put anyone in that part who just wanted to collect a cheque for little contribution. Again Keanu fails to impress, and this was 100 minutes of my life I will not get back. Do yourself a big favour and give it a miss, really.