In a historic and artistic context, here's a question that would bother Spielberg if he thought about it for a second: what if there was no such thing as special effects? If we take the special effects from his movies, would they still be great? What, you're waiting for an answer? Just like every Spielberg movie, we find Steve desperately clinging to special effects like a fish to water. Like Bush to oil. Like Uwe Boll to a video game-to-movie conversion (last one is not necessarily bad, by the way).Just like everybody else, I was amazed by the "realism" of the first 5 minutes. Once you get past the battle scenes, there's not much to work with. I'm glad people (as manifest in the growing number of low reviews here) are starting to realize this.Let's set aside the absurdity of the "plot" (I use 'plot' very loosely). That's just a vehicle; a pretext; an excuse to use special effects (Spielberg's one and only leverage). The main plot is that a mother lost a number of her sons, so the general (or whatever his rank was) thinks she shouldn't lose her last remaining son, Ryan. He reads a letter Abraham Lincoln sent to a mother who went through a similar experience during the civil war. Using musical cues and closeups, Spielberg is not trying to tell us how to feel; he's practically *begging* us to do so. After all, he knows better than anybody that people will - during the course of the movie - realize that the battle scenes aren't that numerous or long, so there better be some story to back the movie up.Since he knows that he's addressing a crowd that made movies like Armageddon and Independence Day box office hits, he (correctly) realized that the script needs to be comprised of one element only: text. So long as the script contained text, it was good enough. And he was right. With enough flash and special effects, he was able to appeal to the idiocy of the average American, a tactic mastered by Jerry Bruckheimer, Michael Bay and their likes.Now, back to the 'plot': once you set it aside, you'll realize that this movie is trying to instill many ideas into the minds of the movie goers. When he shows German soldiers, he shows them from a distance, so by not giving them a face, a human side, he teaches us that it's totally OK to thrill at killing them. Bad German bad! After our heroes free a German, Spielberg makes is very clear that he came back later to kill Tom Hanks. Spielberg is saying: they should've killed him the first time. The only good German is a dead one, apparently. Astonishing dishonesty and malice on the part of Spielberg. Not a trick was a spared to demonize every single one of them.Unlike masters of movie making (a title Spielberg will never come close to) like Scorsese and Coppola, he desperately needs musical cues to tell when to feel sad, fearful, excited, etc. His approach to emotion is so utterly sappy, shallow and downright laughable that it's virtually impossible for him to let the scenes and the story speak for themselves. He must have very clear cues to give the viewers signals. The music is like a slap in the face. Spielberg manifests in moments like "tell me I lived a good life", grabs you by the throat and ORDERS you to shed a few tears. Insulting. Pathetic.The only good part in the movie is the whole scene of the mistaken identity, where they realize this whining little weakling crying his eyes out is not the Ryan they wanted. Other than that, and looking at the chutzpah of the musical cues, the absurdity of the plot, the dehumanization of the Germans and the hilarious warfare errors, the movie is only good for another laugh, albeit not one Spielberg was aiming for.Visually, the best WW2 movie. In other ways, far from the best. The movie is loaded with errors and falls into demonizing the German soldier and praising the American. A few examples, far from the reality the combat scenes show the Germans acting like cattle without ANY strategy at all they just run and shout, one funny part is the behavior of the German tankers, they drive in a ruined village in a VERY narrow street, like they have never heard of ambush! -One starts to think if the script writer has ever heard ofthe capabilities of the German panzer crews, SS-Captain Michael Wittmann attacked and destroyed 48 armored fighting vehicles alone in a single action! The most absurd part is the -"Macgyver/Rambo scene"-when Capt. Miller and friends start to throw the mortar grenades slaughtering a few dozen Germans. The most unforgivable error is that there were NO SS-units with Tiger tanks operational in Normandy at this point of time. This movie is way overestimated.So many people loved this film, that I actually rented the DVD to re-watch it. I had originally seen it in a movie theater, during its initial release, and I hated it. The second time was certainly not a charm. Possessing the knowledge of what was to come, made for an even more boring movie experience. This film's much talked about opening, lends nothing to the paltry narrative that is the rest of the film. The movie meanders about, aimlessly, for what seems an eternity, and almost nothing happens. When something does happen, it isn't anything that you haven't seen, done by the same old characters that you've seen before, in countless other (and better) WWII films. Even the dialog is old Hollywood corny. Then, after being about virtually nothing for hours, it ends with a hokey gimmick of the realization of who the old Vet is. Meant to tug at our heartstrings (nothing wrong with that); but only elicited a groan and a roll of the eyes from me. Tedious, with virtually no character development. Not Recommended.Saving Private Ryan, Spielberg's continued descent into narrow, arrogant, low-brow revisionism, is at best a languid patriotic trump-calling movie with nothing better to do than applaud the "glorious, morally superior American armed forces", who were in actuality nothing but teenage thugs who beat German prisoners and raped French women and looted European cities. He starts off with Kleenex totting bravery and then leads us into brutal images that have no other point than to entertain the violent video game minded geeks of American malls, he then regresses into heavy handed sentimentality that leads the viewer to conclude that Americans were all "good guys". This is not the case, history has shown us so. Americans, for all their good intentions in World War 2, were just as loathsome as the Nazis, they had a deep segregationist attitude in the States which killed people because of skin color, arrested and imprisoned innocent, hard working Japanese people and locked them in concentration camps, kept black soldiers in separate units which often were the lowliest positions, fire bombed non-tactical European cities, most notably Dresden, hired former Nazis to combat the "communist threat" and finally, dropped two atomic bombs upon an innocent Japanese civilian population. And after the war, things got even worse, the "Red Hunt", which resembled the trials in Nazi Germany in the 1930's occurred under a madman named McCarthy. So if you want to be blindly led by Spielberg's glorious war message that is simply propaganda, then by all means do and watch this film which has no redeeming qualities.It is truly amazing that people unaccustomed to great films should reveal this one to be the "best wars film ever" as if no capable director had ever attempted to bring the horror and stupidity of war to the screen. Perhaps, instead of giving Spielberg the automatic credit of creating the war genre, they should go out and rent "Come and See" (Russian), The Burmese Harp (1967), Fires on the Plain (1959) or Paths of Glory (1957), truly far superior films to this Hollywood-bastardization and candy treatment of war. There is absolutely no plot in this uneven film and the whole landing at D-Day, according to Spielberg, was in some way just a side show to saving "Private Ryan". With such a simplistic statement, it is easy to see why most reviewers revel in the sense that 'action, action, action' is equated with 'greatness'. I only guess that because they must be entertained that directors continue to keep punching out such opportunistic filth. While most viewers, who are safely tucked away in their houses, waving American flags and discharging a few tears, saying, "You German scum! You German scum!" can truly appreciate blood and guts as "cinema" then there is a market for it. After you get through the puerile premise, then you can sit back, have a few beers and watch heads explode in the carnage that has no intellectual meaning and is the most cliché-driven rubbish that has ever been produced. The scenes themselves are overdrawn, stolen from previous war films from the 1950's, namely the Longest Day (1962) which was a great film in itself. The beach landing is too long, and it shows only the Americans as "heroic" while the Germans are seen as "evil Hun scum". Tom Hanks, in his most idiotic and candid self, seems out of place as a leader of a bunch of rejects that are entrusted to save Private Ryan and in one completely absurd scene, the remaining 15 Americans defeat a battle hardened, superiorly trained SS special unit group with just a few guns. Now, if you know anything about history, then you would know that the SS were not an "easy group" to defeat, they were some of the most fanatical and well-trained soldiers of the German Reich but since Spielberg thinks we all are just a bunch of idiots, he'll continue to manufacture such inconsistent story lines. This is only a tear jerker movie and it does nothing else, I would suggest watching "Hell Is for Heroes" (1962) with Steve McQueen, because it is a lot better and we don't have to be forced to carry an American flag at the end.I was hoping for an accurate war film for a change (take a look at the Battle of the Bulge for a really bad example). What Spielberg shows us in his Omaha Beach scenes makes me wonderwhich Omaha Beach assault he is trying to portray. Those who know little about the battle (that's almost everyone who's in the theater) probably now have the idea that every other soldier who landed on the beach before noon was either blown to smithereens or badly wounded.Believe me, the 1st and 29th Divisions would have been annihilated if itwere as bad as it's portrayed and would never have been able to scale the cliffs and rout the enemy by early afternoon, which they did. I wonder, for example, how wide most viewers think Omaha beach actually was. In the film it looks about a couple hundred yards. It was, in actuality, almost ten miles wide. The timing was also inaccurate - Hanks goes up the cliffs at what appears to be 8AM. Nobody made it before 11AM. Another historical error is the implication that the events at Omaha were similar to those on the other four assualt beaches (Juno, Sword, Gold and Utah). That's totally incorrect. Utah Beach, for example, the other US assault beach, took about a dozen casualties - many of those due to accidents during the landing rather than from enemy action. But the worst part of the movie was the completely idiotic script. Here we have the US Army sending a squad(a squad!!!) to march straight thru the entire German 7th Army (something two Divisions, with total air superiority couldn't do for weeks), waltz around an area of 300 square miles, and expect to find a guy named Ryan. If they wanted to do any of this nonsense, the Army would have sent them in on the gliders that flew into the area the very next morning. "Gliders, what gliders"?  said Spielberg. That's what happens when you have a scriptwriter who doesn't know very much about his subject.  A stupid, stupid film. What a waste of $100M or so.The problem with Saving Pvt Ryan is that is is basically afraudulent portrayal of the Omaha Beach landings. Every single detail may, for all I know, be authentic for the group portrayed, which I assume was Goranson's Company C, 2nd Rangers. But that company, with one notable exception, experienced the worst that Omaha Beachdealt to the assault troops during the hours 0630-0800. Thus you get an extremely biased view of the typical experience of those landing at Omaha. For example, the entire 5th Ranger Battalion (Col Schneider) (6 companies) landed at 0740 with a cost of only 4 wounded.  It all depended on where your landing craft touched down (or allowed it to touch down - Col Schneider was supposed to land right where Hanks was , Dog Green, but had the sense to order the craft eastward), and Capt Hanks landedat the very worst spot on the entire 4 mile long landing area. And troops walked up the slopes, they didn't crawl up, inch by inch, etc. Nor where they under murderous fire ascending the slopes - very few casualties were taken during those actions. Total casualty rate for the first 14,000 or so troops that landed in the first assault waves (0630-0800)was not much over 10%, far different from what you see portrayed in Ryan. If you want to learn the history of Omaha Beach read the US Army after action reports or go the US Army Historical site. Don't bother with this movie or Ambrose's nonsensical book or The Longest Day. They are for made for entertainment purposes and only mention the disasters,etc. Beside, Ambose has been known as a plagiarist and creater of non-existent eyewitnesses.( It's worth noting that he was hired by Spielberg to "authenticate" the scenes. He's a very poor historian and not very knowledgeable about WWII. I found tons of errors in his books about D Day and Citizen Soldiers). Anyone who sees Pvt  Ryan comes away with zero knowledge of Operation Neptune at Omaha Beach. After the beach scenes,the rest of the story can be summed up in a single phrase : "Call the 101st on the radio, and tell them to pull Ryan from the line." That's all that the Army would have had to do to save Ryan.Sending a squad thru enemy lines to search a 100 square mile area for a guy named Ryan, while fighting is occurring every 100 yards is about the most preposterous idea for a story I ever heard of. But then, that's Spielberg. Anything to get the customer excited. No matter how realistic the scenes may be (I wonder about why those Rangers are moving against a prepared position all bunched together - they would never have done that ) the total picture provided the viewer is totally unrealistic. One comes away from the movies knowing practically zilch about Omaha Beach. That's a damn shame. It was an interesting story, although nowhere near as gory as Spielberg's fantasy portrait, as is obvious from the casualties taken (approximately 2000 for the 24 hours of D Day by Forces "O" and "B" (60,000 troops)).This movie serves two purposes: a) glorify the American soldier from World War II and the American nation in general and b) help Mr. Spielberg overcome his own neurosis about being Jewish, a task he started with "Schindler's List." That probably makes him the envy of anyone who ever saw a psychologist: to get paid for spreading out your psyche instead of having to pay for it.The first 20 minutes of this movie are amazing, indeed. Very well captured is the sheer horror of landing on a fortified beach; the disorientation, the killing etc. But after that, this movie drops on the level of "Armageddon": a mother has a number of sons, all of them died during the war, except one and the US military surely puts the life of half a dozen soldiers into peril to save that last one. Of course, that is completely logical.
The German soldiers, in the contrary, don't seem to have mothers or anyone who cares about them, they are ugly, lean-mean-killing machines, shouting incomprehensible things and should be killed wherever possible. They are also not just as scared as any other simple soldier on a battle field, they don't have any feelings at all. So, what could have been a great movie, with all the money spent for and stars on it, playing in the same league as "All quiet on the Western Front" gets to be completely pathetic, unrealistic, super-patriotic and one-sided. Steven Spielberg once said that he often didn't feel he was a "real" American and was left-out because of him being Jewish and that the past of his family haunts him. It is ok to feel that way and I wish him he will finally get rid of both feelings. But on the other hand he also was left out of getting an "Oscar" until "Schindler's List." That was a well done movie, but on the long run it seems it didn't do Spielberg too good. Somewhere he must have come to the conclusion that doing movies about WWII helps him overcome his problems and making them patriotic will help him getting an Oscar.If you are interested in a realistic look on war, watch "All quiet on the Western Front" or "Das Boot."This is one of the single worst films I have ever seen.  Spielberg was, once again, intoxicated by his own sense of patriotic splendour. The first major flaw in this film struck me the first time I saw it.  I was in the theater and began to ask myself, "How could Ryan remember the D-Day invasion when in fact he was never there?"Now, honestly, how did Spielberg expect to get away with that one? It was never explained or followed up in any way. Secondly, how did he expect to get away with portraying the Germans as mindless, blood-thirsty grunts?  "Well they were, weren't they?" says the blindly patriotic american.  This aspect of the film is a disgrace to Germans and more importantly to the brain-washed americans. Finally, I would just like to point out the fact that this was not a war to rescue individual men in order to preserve their family line. This film makes a mockery of WWII by completely misrepresenting it.  The only aspect that was accurately portrayed was the violence, which sadly enough drew many people to the film. Two thumbs down!The more I think about this film and read differing reviews about it the more I feel it wasn't meant for me. I'm a Finn, not American. I don't know if Spielberg meant this film as a last hoorah for the G.I.:s, but to me that is what he made. All right the film does have something to tell for everyone: in the insane theatre of war one should try to do the right thing, have courage to do it, that your actions have consequences, war as a whole creates nothing but bad feelings and probably something else too but nothing that has not been told earlier.And I suppose that isn't so bad, I mean there have certainly been worse films. But what does bother me is that Spielberg set out to do a film about what war is really like and to me, he failed. Yes I have seen the opening scene and to me it was more about exploitation and action film then about anything else and not even very memorable action. Even if one would skip all the omissions and strange things about the film (in the landing scene no naval artillery support, no air force support and the illogical German tactics in the final battlescenes) to me the main plot is a strange curiosity that only serves to illustrate that the average soldier wasn't that interesting or important. Apparently with some links to reality the main plot remains distant and odd to me.With Oscar, block-buster, critically acclaimed material as ww2 with all the gore how could Spielberg go wrong? First of all the acting. Well I could not stop wishing there would have been some lesser known actors used, maybe even amateurs. A lot has been made out of the cinematography and yes, it is good. Although to me it is not so effective when there is apparently too much money to make a film and then the camera work tries to make it look more realistic. As ww2 films go this film is a far cry from "Come and See". Yes I do admit that flag waving is a common problem among ww2 movies, I just wished that Spielberg could have avoided it."  SAVING PRIVATE RYAN   "I thought that this Movie was going to be a masterpiece. Topping those great Anti-War films of "Apocalypse Now" "The Boat" and "All quiet on the Western Front"But alas!  What am I to expect from America?  The Truth? NEVER!Yet another great, expensive war film, where the Germans fight like Italians,  TOTALLY arrogant to anyone else.  I mean HONESTLY an American flag at the start and at the end.  Showing the American and French flags.  The ENGLISH and CANADIANS DID land on Normandy too.  The only reference to anyone else is an insulting comment about Monty.The Germans may have suffered a bit more on the eastern front than the Americans in France, but that doesn't matter because they were on the wicked side.This is the kind of film simply made to win another Oscar for Speilbergs already crowded shelf.  Not a ground breacker, not a truthful film. NOT even historically correct!!1.  Radar was a TOTAL secret.  No American privates or captains would have ANY idea of what Radar was.2.  Germans, especially those of the SS, would NEVER be stupid enough to attack a ruined village with Tanks first. It was common military knowledge for both sides.3. The P-51 D mustang, which blows up the Tiger Tanks on the bridge,  were NEVER tank destroyers, they were only used as long range bomber escorts during the invasion.  The only Tank destroyers being employed at that time were BRITISH.  NOT AMERICAN. So of course the Americans would take out this imperfect feature.Frankly, if you're American, you can go get your gun an' feel patriotic once again, as you have done with "The dirty Dozen" "Where Eagles Dare". If you're not American, avoid this, and stick to "The Boat" for your WWII viewing.