A touch of reality is much-needed for those who of late have occupied themselves in tossing about bon-mots like "masterpiece" and "crime-epic". Perhaps never before have the expectations of rabid fanboys so completely bullied the critics into sheer lying. For lying it must be, since I refuse to believe that the critics did not see through this. It is just not possible. I feel that most of them simply cowed down before the staggering pre-release fanboy blitzkrieg, rather than provoke the inevitable backlash of acrimony from fans and thereby needlessly risk their careers. This is the only explanation I can conceive of as to why TDK has seemingly scored so well with the critics. I don't blame the critics, though. The blame lies in the fanboys' hysteria : their myopic refusal to see the obvious.I feel that Chris Nolan tried really really hard to make a good film, but ultimately even he with all his skill cant do much simply because of the limitations of the genre. If viewers truly want "more realism" as they say they do, then why turn to comics in the first place ?? Its just amazing how comic-book junkies pull the wool over their own eyes and deceive themselves into thinking that what they read is deep and sophisticated, when in fact (and there cannot be two opinions on this) reading comics beyond a certain age is a sign of neurotic behaviour. And before you shove it in my face that it is ME who is taking it too seriously, let me just say that this movie was nothing but lashes of violence : grim, sadistic violence. Once again, the so-called realism is simply a pretext for the usual action-movie gang-banging, i.e. violence and special effects. And its not even just because of the genre : Batman Begins rose above those limitations, right ? One could empathize with the young Bruce Wayne, tormented by his perceived culpability in his parents' murder, and struggling with his anger and loneliness. Not so in TDK : here there is neither plot nor motivation to speak of, and not a single character with whom one can even remotely identify. The acting, apart from one notable performance, is mediocre. To be fair, the film does take certain risks which I cant imagine the likes of, say, a Sam Raimi ever taking ; it isn't a McDonaldized blockbuster to the degree that the Spiderman films and the rest of the comic-book parade are. The problem is that those risks don't pay off : instead of an even progression of events that build up to a crescendo, what you get here is one absurdity after another until you are numb and it no longer matters who is doing what.I wonder if it is really so hard to tell the truth, even only to oneself. Apparently it is indeed SO difficult for all the fanboys to own up that the countless hours spent over the last several months, sitting up nights staring at their monitors and devouring every last bit of inconsequential trivia about TDK, have all amounted to a huge nothing. TDK is the prime example of how the advertising business works today, hyping up a product during pre-release to uncalled-for heights and ultimately forcing the gullible consumer to like the product against his better judgement. The marketing behind this film is very much THE phenomenal success story of this decade, and should serve as a de-facto case study for anyone who wants to understand just exactly how mob psychology works.EDIT : A more appropriate rating for this film is 4/10. But I so deeply despise Warner Bros. & the people lauding this film (i.e. everyone except me) that I must give it 1/10, just to balance things.I am deeply shocked…. I am really shocked that this film made it all the way to the top. It's OK with me that it is a huge success at the box office. I can cope with it that many, many people do not have the same taste as me. Even though it is a little sad because I think this somewhat strange taste of the comic buffs will influence the movies in the future even more. There are interesting articles about the influence of the bloggers and hardcore fans on producers and directors. What really shocks me here is that many, many acclaimed critics fail to see how bad this movie is. They write about hidden stories, meanings and messages. The war in Iraq, the war against terrorism, a reflection of American society and so on. They write about hilarious performances of the actors. They write about stunning visual effects. Some of them may even write about the tremendous script. Fortunately so far I did not read anything about the scriptwriting. So I try to begin with that issue. Well, the script is so down, down, deep down below that I don't even know where I shall begin. I guess the guys who are more in the comic stuff will tell you that Jonathan Nolan really did a good job in adopting the stories and the mood of the comic books. But for me this is no reason to write a story that lacks everything and is so brain dead that I'm gasping for air. The plot is annoying and predictable. The characters are written really poorly. First of all Harvey Dent. His turning into a fallen Angel is so incredibly incredible. It may result from the way that the brains of the comic buffs work. 9 Pictures or less per page. I that time you can turn from a white hero into a black devil. But this is a movie. And no 9c trash book. To say it clear – and you may have noticed – I am no comic fan. But I like for instance Sin City very much. It is a very good adaptation into a now medium. And it is visually very interesting. Visuals. As I said Sin City is visually very interesting. The dark Knight is not. Totally not. Almost two decades before we saw TerminatorII. Oh my god, this was something new. And Two Face – Aaron Eckhart looked a little like the wrecked Arni back then. Don't get me wrong the make up apartment did a very good job. It is just so sad that we already saw it all before. (Just like the inspection of the new weapons… Is this a scene of one of the Bond Movies?) Or take the Matrix (Part1) about one decade before. Visually the dark knight is not one tick better or more interesting. Maybe on the same level. Sin City was something new. The dark Knight shows us common techniques in a slightly higher perfection. The directing is average. Not outstanding. It must have been a logistic masterpiece, OK. But we have seen it before. The acting. I can't even say if the actors are bad. I think it is the story that is so poor. The Joker is good. Heath Ledger is good. Not brilliant or something like that. It is solid work. And he is the only character that is somewhat interesting and not full of pathetic crap. Well to draw the conclusion again. I can live with it that this movie is that successful at the box office. I can not live with the super high praising comments of professional critics. For action entertainment this movie is too long. At least one hour is simply annoying. (Again the writing.) So, who ever has some bucks left go see this movie and see what brain damaged means.How can a film like this be ever compared to a film like the godfather is laughable, i am a big comic book and superhero fan i particularly like this genre but i did not like the way this was handled whatsoever..the following points highlight my case why batman is nothing but a okay film.. 1- CONCEPTION AND CREATION everyone knows that one of the most exciting things about villains is there creation, and how they became they way they are, i believe the original batman films which Tim Burton directed handled this brilliantly, but look at Spiderman 2 which has a great villain. There was no flashback even to the creation of the joker character we must believe he has been there all along, as well as Two Face whos original coming of being i liked better in batman forever, not to say i like tommy lee Jones character portrayal any better than this 1.2-VIOLENCE this film had left a bitter taste after viewing i am a fan of violent films but it can be seen the way this was edited to ensure the upper catorgory of a pg-13 12a(uk) over here left the film looking a feeling like something was missing. Instead of showing the conseqeunce of for example a bullet in the head the camera would cut away leaving it for the audience imagination, another example of not showing violence and actually changing the tone of the film was robocop the R rated version when compared against the X rated version which seems lighter in tone.3-BATMAN now Batman played by Bale one of my favourite actors opted for a stupid gruff sounding voice which didn't work, also the suit castes were terrible and i mean truly bad, batmans suit made him look like a more well equipped navy seal or something, not the true mysticism that is batman which is lost in this film. There is no reference to bats whatsoever throughout the duration. Another letdown was the fight sequences which even though Bale did a lot himself did not look smooth, or good on the big screen.4-PLOT/PACINGthe plot has to many twists and turns and leaves some of the less cerebral most likely lost(not myself of course). The pacing is bad as there is one key action sequence in the middle of the film which did blow me away but the film never lived up to that particular sequence which is a shame, less morality and preachyness more ACTION! and on that note a spoiler which i do warn before hand, the ending i must say i disliked a lot, for lack of realism, depth and completion as it is left very much open of what happens to the joker character, my 2 cents please reply if you have maybe a differing opinion to mine, Spiderman 2 is one of the greatest comic book translations to films, as in the earlier batmans, (including returns) but this should never be uttered in the same sentence as a film like the Godfather, which i believe to be one of the greatest of all time, the greatest which i do believe is Once upon A time in America.The Dark Knight is not a good movie, by any measure. I will now proceed to provide reasons for this statement, in the process of which SPOILERS will abound.In this film Batman (The Batman, as the characters refer to him) possesses superpowers rivaled only by Superman: he bends gun barrels using his bare hand (yes, only one hand) and falls from ridiculous heights, not deploying his cape, and lands without as much as a scratch to his body. The Batman is apparently not aware that it is not the fall that kills you, it is the quick acceleration at the end, and no matter the quality of the Batsuit, that acceleration cannot be reduced.On the other hand, his kevlar Batsuit which, evidently, is impervious to bullets of small hand guns fired at close range, is unable to withstand dog bites.The Joker, whose obvious insanity is the only light of the movie, is well-played by Ledger who flares with his eyes and mouth to give him an almost rabid portrayal, but other than being a dark menace to society, his odd manners and, at one time, drag outfit, provide comedic relief in the film.Apart from being just a regular killing maniac, he also possesses superpowers of his own: in the film, he is depicted with an apparent and sporadic invisibility to police forces. That they do not notice his deformed face without make-up in their own ranks during a salute may be pardonable, but when blowing up an apparently unsurveilled hospital on prior warning and then leaving, in full make-up, in a school bus (his escape vehicle of choice, also from bank raids), his failed apprehension seems unpardonable. Unless, of course, all the cops had their lunch break, as the sun indicates it is around noon.The plot is so thin at times, you expect it to crack at any moment. It is like there are many small plots, in all of which Batman, the purported main character, plays but a small role. Whatever the Joker has been doing all his life, before going on a murder spree, is pardonable to omit, but when he breaks into Bruce Wayne's penthouse (probably using his cloaking capabilities), the same locale that a few scenes later will be referred to as "the safest place in town" by the same person who was tossed out a window during this same brief encounter, it is an interesting question just how the maniac and his armed gang are persuaded to leave the party full of Gotham's economic elite, something they must have done without causing much further harm as it goes largely unnoticed by the other characters.Batman speaks with a deathly voice, that is so ghoulish it could scare off any foe, would he just make more use of it against his enemies, and not blather like that to his friends. That he finally tracks the Joker down, is not due to any superior detective skills, as he gets good help from prying on all of Gotham's mobile phones that he immorally and secretly has replaced with his own brand, all in one night's work. More ridiculous plot element is hard to come by.Wow. Once again my faith in the rational persons ability to discriminate between depth and breadth, is verified, in that I have none.The film was long. Not deep. I think there is a misunderstanding. The film had the veneer of an epic film. It had all the right elements to be an epic comic-book adaptation to screen. Yet it faltered, mainly because everyone was so wrapped up in the idea of Ledger giving a career defining performance, they couldn't see past it. It's almost as if they accepted the brilliance of his performance before they entered the theatre, off of the back of the hype and the critics reviews, and all that was left was to actually watch it and be able to validate this belief.Disregarding Heath Ledgers untimely death, can you really say that he was a better Joker than Jack Nicholsons? I for one, cannot. Others have already said it; he had no back story. A character without a past and a motive - especially when they are a killer - is just not one that is appropriate to a story about good and evil. The things we like about villains is that we can relate to the reasons they do the things they do, whilst asking ourselves whether their reasons are justified. We get into a dialogue, and we ourselves get to decide who we side with - the good or the bad. This villain left me feeling flat and unfulfilled because he had no real motive, - making it impossible to choose which argument, good or bad, I sided with - and left me feeling like I was a voyeur, watching a guy kill loads of people.Everyone has been raving about the script, which I thought was plain dreadful at points. Others have raised the questions here. What was with his voice? He would make a great nursery nurse. The poignant moment on the boat when the sailor said something to the effect of "They haven't pushed the button yet, because we are still alive" was just plain embarrassing. The fact that Batman kept leaving in the middle of a conversation became irritating instead of cool and enigmatic. Why can't he just hear someone out. And at the end when batman runs home like Charlie, I was nearly dying in laughter. I could hear the music 'I've got a golden ticket'. There were other embarrassing script moments, but because the film was so bad, I can't even be bothered to mention them. The phone device for one was utter...The rhetoric of the characters in their oratorical moments was again, limp. It was as if the writer had started a sadistic, flowing evil speech, but had not had the tools with which to really elaborate. Because he had decided to keep the Jokers background exclusive, the speeches were neither funny or scary. They were punctured and lacked conviction.The fact that this is the number one movie is embarrassing. IMDb should take it off out of principle. If this wins an Oscar, I will never watch a Hollywood movie again.I'm very disappointed and this rating reflects my disappointment. It could have been so much better, easily. First, it's as if there's no obstacles the characters couldn't overcome by snapping their fingers. It's just too easy for the Joker and Batman to do all what they do. It seems the writers didn't want to be bothered by realism and it's one of the main reasons I didn't feel involved or excited at all. Batman pulls out technological rabbits out of his hat to move the plot forward - it's contrived and not entertaining. The Joker sets bombs anywhere he wants without facing any obstacles. His team of super terrorists can fill a whole hospital with explosives in a few minutes after it has been evacuated - or was it before? Anyway we don't see them setting up anything, everything is done off-screen and it goes into action without any kind of dramatic buildup. How did his gang do this or that? Doesn't matter cause there's an explosion coming soon. *YAWN* The Joker starts with a small gang but in only a few days or so it seems he builds a big organization capable of operating rapidly without flaws - a group we are told made up of many schizos and psychos from Arkham Asylum, as if they had all been released all of a sudden to join him and moreover in doing so became hyperobedient and hypercompetent robbers / explosive experts / terrorists / etc. Yeah. Right. As if running a criminal organization made up of Arkham inmates would be a piece of cake. It would have been so much more REALISTIC and ENTERTAINING to see the Joker having to deal with nutty and sometimes incompetent henchmen and we the viewers doubting whether or not he would succeed and yet pulling it off and laughing all the way up to the last confrontation. Instead he surfs on the action, survives all kinds of explosions and crashes and moves around as if Gotham City was butter and he a hot knife. *YAWN* Second, the style & editing of the movie was mediocre at best. You would think the Joker's first meeting with the mob would have something of a tension. Here we are introduced to Batman's no.1 enemy and he tells them they have to kill the Dark Knight. But the way it was shot the scene was cold, he simply goes in, makes a few enemies and leaves. And next The Joker invites himself to Bruce Wayne's party to kidnap Harvey Dent and he simply comes in, Voilà!, without facing any obstacles, there's no buildup, no dramatic crescendo, the pace stays the same, we get lots of quick shots, a constantly moving camera and even one or two 360 degrees around Joker and Rachel as if this was some kind of music video. There's nothing, no tension. And it went downhill from there, like a typical dumb action movie. Explosion, car chase, car chase, explosion, fight, car chase, explosion. Can't you guys come up with something original? And those action scenes aren't even well made. *YAWN* Why? After all you had an ace, The Joker, he should have had some cool crazy ideas to cause mayhem... but he didn't. He lacked the charisma that should be in such a character. Not that Ledger is bad but the character he plays has nothing special. He's cold, predictable and not funny. In Tim Burton's movie the man isn't just some psycho killer, you know early in the movie he's going to do his crimes with style and that he has surprises in his bag. He's a bit silly but you don't know what to expect from him - he's fun to watch. In TDK he neither has style nor surprises, HE JUST BLOWS THINGS UP WITH DETONATORS and he's not even having fun. Bbbooorrriiiinnnggg.I think a lot of people don't see all the big flaws of the movie because they like the characters and the themes. I like Batman, the lone vigilante fighting crime in his city and his struggle to retain his morality while confronting the worst criminals, I like Harvey Dent's character and the Joker trying to turn Dent into a madman like him to ruin his crusade against crime and I liked the Joker trying to corrupt the people of Gotham and turn them into murderers ...BUT THE MOVIE STINKS I really wanted TDK to be good, good at least like half of Batman Begins is, I wanted to leave the theater with a big smile on my face but I left the theater feeling cheated because I wanted to see a cool movie and I didn't, I saw a lame piece of crap. There was no climax, no great scenes, no drama, no tension, no substance, only over the top action scenes we have already seen elsewhere. This movie itself isn't a 1 out of 10 but I'm so disappointed by it that it deserves its 1It's hard to find what is wrong with a movie that seems so well crafted and put together. Well let's start by saying that the Dark Knight is very boring and messy.The plot is incoherent, with too many undeveloped subplots. The movie tries to be realistic but logic has no place anywhere. It tries to be dramatic but the drama is manufactured, out of place, and doesn't build up from anything. Lots of poor philosophical monologues going nowhere. The characters have nothing, nothing interesting about them. They're like puppets used to create some sort of politicised view of the world where everyone is miserable with no sense of humor, taking no pleasure from their actions whatever they are. And creating this dull vision of the world hidden behind a comic superhero, is what this movie is all about. All the rest comes as a consequence of this. Anything that happens has little or no effect. Batman is just as hollow as every one else. You could swap him with some other character and nothing would change. Action is just average. Random things happening out of nowhere, and no explanations is given on how they managed to do that. Some great effects here and there don't add much to the movie. I like violent movies but the violence in the DK is pretty much senseless as well as censored. Definitely not for young kids.The movie is not dark, is hollow. If you want a good dark movie then go to see the awesome 'The Crow'. You want to see a good batman movie then watch the Tim Burton's version. Flat with no substance, humor or soul, the Dark Knight doesn't leave you with any emotions whatsoever, no hope and not even hopelessness. Only a lame sense of depression.I saw this movie on a Monday afternoon in hopes of avoiding a long wait and big crowds at the theater. Good plan. It worked. The movie didn't. Many reviewers have already commented on the gross mediocrity of this film so I'll skip that part. There were some very good, though isolated, moments in the story: a lesson about how torture is wrong and doesn't work, the equal value of all lives regardless of how they have been lived, "abridged" civil rights are neither civil nor right, etc. I like all those concepts and they are certainly worthy of exploration given our current political state.To me, however, the most prominent feature of this film was neither Heath Ledger, (whom I greatly respect as an actor), Christian Bale, nor the script, directing, story line, performances, or suspense, but rather the gorrific violence that punctuated almost every moment of the more than two and a half hours this thing went on. Everything in this movie explodes!!! And the cut aways in the editing do nothing to mitigate the impact of all the slashing, stabbing, pounding, bludgeoning, shooting, and impaling that becomes ridiculous about halfway through. And though I have enormous respect for him, Ledger's Joker was basically Ted Bundy with face paint. I think the inspiration for this film came more from Oliver Stone's "Natuarl Born Killers" than from anything that was ever written in a comic book.All you need to know is this... In the last ten minutes of the film, with the body count hovering somewhere around 100, a scene begins to unfold where a young child is about to be murdered in cold blood, (those of you who have seen the movie know what I'm talking about). The scene goes on for what I thought was an excruciatingly long time, but even as it was just beginning I was thinking to myself, "no, no, no, this is wrong. This should not be done this way in a movie". Then somewhere in the theater, behind me, a child began sobbing uncontrollably. Yes, real terror, real horror, real fear, a real child, right there in the theater. The scene finally came to an end. The sobbing didn't. As the lights came up for us to leave I saw a couple escorting their approximately 12 year old son out of the theater, still sobbing, and hanging on to his parents' clothing as they walked out.I don't blame the parents. This movie's PG13 rating is unconscionable. This is a "Batman" movie! With a PG13 rating! "Batman" originated from a children's comic book series. One would think that this movie would be a safe experience for children. It's not. Given the grotesque thread of constant violence that runs from the opening credits to the closing credits it's not even suitable for adults. Several of the postings here at IMDb with the lowest ratings have noted that they are putting their rating as low as possible to balance out the overly generous perfect scores that have vaulted this movie into the position of being one of the greatest film ever,according to IMDb. Not me. I really didn't like this movie. And in the last ten minutes of it I came to hate it. It does not do service to the Batman franchise, or movies in general. There is not a shred of "comic book" appeal in it anywhere, and it will take it's place as one of the most uselessly violent movies ever made. That this offering has the broad appeal it has makes me a little sad, and sick inside. And if I could speak for the poor kid that was sitting behind me during this bloated gore fest I'd say this, "thanks for the memories".I just rented this from Netflix and forced myself to watch it till the end. What a dreadful, boring yet expensive movie. It was so dimly lit, they could have had any of the thousands of out-of-work actors in Southern California in it with no perceptible difference. I guess a couple more explosions would have helped (not really). I only watched it cause of Heath Ledger's excellent performance in Brokeback Mountain. Boy, was I disappointed. I didn't care about anyone while watching except for myself who was waiting for it to end. At times the dialog was difficult to understand with the volume way up but the loud soundtrack made every sound effect rattle the furniture.I just don't get what passes for great entertainment nowadays. I had to watch some old Rocky and Bullwinkle cartoons afterward as an intelligent antidote to this cartoonish movie that tries for so much significance, an odd combination. It's like looking for significance and the meaning of life in an infomercial. Don't bother.I may run out of words to end with "less". Mindless, witless, a view of the world that's hopeless. Horrible acting, writing, editing, lighting and music. I've seen it all before only done better. Nicholson's turn at Joker was far, far superior. Ledger? Mirthless, just a distracting concoction of tics. Bale? Who knows? His augmented voice and masked face made his 2-dimensional performance meaningless. Dent? What a horrible performance, something you'd see on "Knot's Landing". Where have we come as a society? Kubrick made "A Clockwork Orange" in '71, a devilishly clever, mean and stylish film that pushed the limits when it came to on-screen violence. His young monster, Alex, played by the brilliant Malcolm MacDowell, was a thing to behold. Now we have families taking their kids to the '08 version of ultraviolence and yukking it up. The dark night of America film-making is more like it. Are we really this numb, are we really this nihilistic?