It has to be understood as an offense to any savvy viewer who caught the Japanese version of the movie, 'Ringu'.I am aware of the fact that US crowds do not go for movies that do not cast large-breasted blonde psychotic women, but this is a little far-fetched for this story. The movie is meant to be solely based on psychology thrills and brain scare. The American version of the movie does not help in this at all, as all goes into the image and the special effects. Event he plot has to be altered and worsened: the little boy becomes a depressed child with a 6th sense who calls his mom by her first name.Anyhow, you may go for the American remake if you are the kind to be scared by movies with subtitles. However, if you were delivered with a brain and some artistic sense, you'll go for 'Ringu'. lately i've seen nothing but references to The Ring everywhere i go. people talk about it when they speak about their feelings and dreams, as if this movie were something thought-provoking and not just a crap of cheese. honestly, i've never seen something so cheesy in my life. the original wasn't the most fantastic thing in the box, but at least it wasn't too pathetic, over-acted and trying to be more high brow than the story is. Ok, this movie is like too bad to even rate.  Father of the adopted girl was reading his lines as he gave his big speach, YOU CAN even see his eyes darting back and forth over the cue cards instead of looking at the other person.The clips seemed to be outtakes or sophmoric effort of film school 15 min shorts.  We had the blood / drain scene, the pulling of a finger nail from a well, the lit tree on a hil and water pooling on the floor.Needless to say the parts they stole from other movies says it all.  BAD BAD BADwasnt even scary and typical ending.  Just a sad movie over all and I wasted 4 bucks.  Where is my RMA on this tripe I had such high expectations for this movie. I guess the moviemakers did not share my expectations. Don't get me wrong, the music, photography, directing and some of the acting (the heroine's) are good. I just don't get why they didn't do more with the story. Now of course it is a remake, but the original must have been better than this! Let me be more to the point. The story is absolutely awful. It makes you think that all these clues are going to add up to something. It could have been really clever. But about 15 minutes into the movie the clues have become so absurd that there is no chance for the villain to be anything else than a ghost. How original. Now here's the really dissatisfying part. All those clues you were paying close attention to? They don't mean diddly squat! They really don't lead to anything. You could have taken all the clues, changed them completely into some other clues, tacked on the ending, and it would have been just as good a fit. The simple truth is that it's just some mean monster terrorizing and killing people. And all those clues that could have at least revealed a tragic motivation for this disgruntled ghost's vengeance end up being utterly vain: the monster is just evil. That's all there is to it. It came up from who knows where, always has wanted to hurt people, and always will. That's why none of what I said is really a spoiler. If the clues meant something, then telling you about them would reveal the ending. But this ending might as well have been put at the beginning, because all going through the middle is just a waste of time. The movie is a scare machine. It is mechanical, cold, and shallow, filled with mere fluff. A string of one cheap thrill after another. If you like this kind of movie, it would be cheaper and just as satisfying to go have yourself electrocuted (gently, of course -- as the movie shows, you can die from electric shock). Well, this film left me depressed, not because it was creepy, but because it was so stupid and at the same time so cynical.  I may say that there is not a single thing in this picture which makes any sense or has any genuine humanity in it.  The monster is an evil little girl, but there is never the slightest indication to suggest why the girl is so evil or so powerful - indeed, precisely the sort of silence which is a certain giveaway that the picture has been made by people with adolescent mentalities, for adolescents.   You posit some sort of monstrosity, and that's all there is to it, nothing more need be said.  "Okay, like, there's this evil little girl with incredible powers...?"  To give but two instances of the astonishing illogic which characterizes the film.  For one, the mysterious video which is killing people is said to have been imprinted from the evil girl's memories.  But the video is full of images of things that the girl could not possibly have seen.  For another, the characters are horrified to realize that it is a terrible calamity that her skeleton has been taken from the well, because somehow this means that now she is free to wreak her evil upon the world and kill people.  But she has been wreaking her evil upon the world and killing people even with her skeleton at the bottom of the well! Oh, I'm sorry, apparently she can now actually drag her ugly carcass out of the television set and kill people instead of killing them from inside the television set.  But perhaps her identically melted-face victims would not consider this such an important distinction.  Then there is the clerk who manages the cabins and upon whose shelf the evil video is found - the curious fellow who plays him is given a nice little character-actor turn, interacting with the blonde lady who is the star, trying to perform card tricks, and so forth - and then we never see him again!  What the heck was <i>that</i> about?  What was his part in the sinister events, what was the video doing on his shelf?  We never learn!  We never see him again!  You see, it is as if the screenplay for this film was written, scene by scene, without any reference to anything that had been written before, certainly not with any intention to exercise the slightest logic or continuity, but merely to work certain changes upon the psyche of the filmgoer, who is presumed to be a teen-ager, I suppose, and who is certainly held in utter contempt.  And here is the real horror, that the film wants nothing from you but your money, and has no meaning other than to trick you into pushing some bills through the slot at the box office. This is the only movie (other than Dreamcatcher) in which I wished all of the bad stuff that was happening to the characters was happening to me instead. It is amazing how poorly this movie is executed. It's rare that a movie can make Air Bud and Baby Geniuses seem like Oscars material, but The Ring does the job. Absolutely unbelievable more and nothing really creepy about it at all just a bunch of psychobabble about some those running around terrorizing found it more of a sleeper film than anything horror involved. Its almost like the writers were stretching for a plot and couldn't quite grasp how to draw the viewer into it including me. After about 30 min of this film I really found the only horrific part about it was it wasn't over yet. Even the draw up to find out the reasoning for the terror occurring was more of a huge disappointment a complete waste of time. This film was more of a one time watch and never again I have better things to do then waste my time with garbage like this again. I went to this film prepared to be spooked, but was very disappointed!  It was campy and a cheap rip-off of all the other horror movies I've ever seen. Its weak attempt at fear falls flat.  It had obviously lifted elements of The Others, The Sixth Sense, Blair Witch Project, and believe it or not The Invasion of the Body Snatchers; but still did not come anywhere near matching their expertise.  This film is without a doubt one of the worst films I've ever seen. This film is just an embarrassment. Naomi Watts I couldn't care less about, but Brian Cox? Brian, really, WHAT were you doing in this? Were you that hard up for cash?I need to clear up some nomenclature. The original - i.e., the real film - is NOT called 'Ringu', somebody made that up. As far as any direct translation into English goes, it is simply called 'Ring', not 'The Ring', just 'Ring'.The original is a terrifying masterpiece.This film is just a mess.And then, and THEN, not content with trying to remake one film that could not possibly be remade, they tried again with DARK WATER. ARE YOU KIDDING ME???? There is no way, NO WAY AT ALL, that Dark Water could ever have been remade.And the same goes for Ring.See the real film, the Japanese one. If you can't cope with films with subtitles, consider getting an education, or moving to a country with an actually functioning social system that will GIVE you an education. The original (Ringu) was not bad, i gave it a 8/10 for an interesting plot, but this remake is really one of the worst i have ever seen. Imho even the special effects were better in the japanese version. And don't say i am just one of those moviefreaks who like boring and slow classics, the remake of Stanislav Lem's Solaris for example was quite enjoyable, giving a new perspective to the movie and i really recoommend watching both of the movies. When it comes to the ring/ringu my only advice is don't watch the ring before you have seen ringu, the original maybe slower and harder to understand but it has a LOT more to it. Watch the content of the killer-tape in Ringu and compare it to the content in The Ring ;) that should say it all. Pathetic waste of time. 2 very, very short scenes slightly disturbing, but absolutely Not Scary. A wanna-be Poltergeist, Sixth-Sense, Urban Legends, film with NO originality. High expectations Zero results!!What exactly did the damn RING have anything to do with this garbage film? I wouldnt even recommend anyone rent this crap. Following in the footsteps of "Panic Room" (see my review) and "Punch-Drunk Love" as critically praised pieces of trash, "The Ring" comes from underground to bore you to death at a theater near you.  This is one of those movies that is off the charts STUPID, like "Blair Witch" STUPID, where anyone whose brain is in the "on" position realizes that this is nothing more than a lame fright film that has been done before a hundred times.  It is far from scary and defies all logic from frame 1 to the end of the flick. This film may have the bells and whistles to entertain 11-14 year old kids, but anyone who is above the age of 20 should be embarrassed if they enjoyed this garbage.The problems are mostly plot related and I don't feel like "spoiling" any of the logic defying twists and turns that nearly put me to sleep.  Let me just tell you that if you like really slow movies that don't require a pesky plot, or continuity, this is your cup of tea. It's a horror flick, so for the most part the acting is poor.  The "acting" in the opening sequence is quite horrid, as if the untrained kids were reading their lines off of the script just beyond the camera.  Brion Cox, who I have seen in other films, is quite scary in his delivery, as if he forgot that he has 30 years of film experience.Naomi Watts is the one and only positive in this stinker.  Her presence alone carries this movie, as in Mulhullond Dr. (another piece of junk) and she needs to learn how to say the word "pass" when she is offered fine fare such as this.  She still manages to remain relatively unscathed as the entire movie crashes and burns around her and hopefully will star in something better soon.If you think that "Jeepers Creepers" and "The Blair Witch Project" are five-star, grade-A films, this movie is made just for you.  I think those movies are amazingly dumb and I felt stupid after I watched them, and felt even dumber after watching this film.  I think "The Ring" actually symbolizes the large plot holes that are readily apparent if you are paying attention.  If you are willing to check your brain at the door, you have a chance to not hate this movie, but I doubt it. This movie had potential to be very frightening but I just didn't feel it. I was the most scared when they switched scenes and would play a screeching sound and show an eyeball or a ring between the shots.  The whole point was that the girl wanted people to hear her story but why would she kill them once they did?  If she had this amazing power to just kill someone, why wouldn't she just kill the people who didn't know about her or some how make them find out her story.  A lot of stuff wasn't even explained like how did she make the tape?  It seems kind of impossible to me that a tape just appears somewhere.  The girl looked pretty freaky but other than that, this movie was not scary. I can understand why people are so blown away by Gore Verbinski's version of The Ring. After all, american horror fans are somewhat desperate for halfway decent film making so I'm not suprised that the public has gobbled up this watered-down retread. Ladies and Gentlemen, do not be deceived.Hideo Nakata's 1998 film "Ringu" is the scariest, most perfectly crafted horror film ever made. It is a masterpiece of sheer terror and imagination. It is everything that the american version is not.Dreamworks doesn't want you to know that, that is why they are suppressing the release of japanese film in this country. Everywhere else in the world, "Ringu" is known to be the greatest horror film ever made. But, not in America. Why? So Dreamworks can take your money and shove an inferior film down your throat.Do yourselves a favor. Log on the Ebay right now and get yourself a copy of the Japanese "Ring" trilogy (Ring, Ring 2, Ring 0). Then experience what TRUE horror is like. I was actually excited to see this movie based on what just about everyone who had seen it had told me, but the movie just ended up being another example of why American movie-goers have no clue. First off, I thought this movie was supposed to be scary? It wasn't, at all. I never found myself being remotely scared. Second, this movie explains almost nothing. Watch it as many times as you want, most of what happens has no explanation, and the plot has more holes than a block of Boar's Head Swiss Cheese. Maybe "Ring 2" will clear things up for us... I doubt it.Wanna check out something really different? Watch "Donnie Darko."* of **** I absolutely hated this film. First off, the acting was atrocious. I have not seen such a miscast group in a very long time. The children were overly cute, the female lead spent more time worrying about her hair than studying the character, and I'm pretty sure the male lead was a model. They were stiff and wooden, and entirely unconvincing. Every emotion was overdone; I felt as if I were watching theatre (and not in the good way). And the lead female character was a total monster (which was a complete departure from the original). That actress butchered that part, being calm on second, hysterical the next, flirting with her ex-husband and showing no real personality under the surface of classic modern sarcastic bitchiness.The direction was brutal. A good director could have at least made some improvement in the acting, but sometimes I got the feeling that no one had even screened the film after it was made. In on scene, the mother enters her son's bedroom, looks at his bed, and the shot of what was supposed to be her line of vision was actually at ceiling height looking down. And oh my God the dialog. I wrote better dialog in stories when I was eight. Predictable, simple and completely lacking any flow. It was also overly flirty and sarcastic a la Dawson's Creek, that distracted the viewer from even the possibility of setting a suspenseful mood. Which then brings me to the unbelievably annoying subplot of the rekindled romance between the two leads. Totally unnecessary and so nauseatingly Hollywood. Once again we find a director who falls back on ridiculous notions of sexualization for the sole purpose of fattening up weak material, and subsequently failing miserably. Then we come to the plot problems. While the film overexplained a million tiny details, it ignored numerous necessary points, such as the chronology of the horse family's events, and the girl's psychic abilities. She obviously could control events/actions with her mind, yet there wasn't even an attempt to explain how. Also there was a complete lack of explanation of where the girl came from and/or why she was evil. Yet the film spoon fed certain details to the audience, to the point of choking. Us hearing the voice on the phone, the extended first death scene, the water oozing out of the television, what was up with that whole Before you die you see the ring nonsense? Which was, incidentally, totally inconsistent as the boyfriend was not drawing on magazine faces or scribbling circles before he died! And what was with that stupid female lead getting knocked into the well? Most rediculous scene ever! And then we come to the ending, which was so obviously complete left open for a sequel, and in doing so, dropped all moral implications of the tape. Instead of the ending in Ring (where the mother asks her father to watch the film and die, giving up his life to save that of his grandchild, and effectively ending the cycle), in the remake, they imply that all that matters is saving the son, regardless of who sees the film and if the cycle continues. It is appalling that this film was able to be made. On a good day in ideal light this movie is foolish suburbanite pseudointellectual hogwash. This movie is utter garbage, an insult to anyone with a three-digit IQ and a disgrace to the cinema everywhere. When you think of the miles of pristine 35mm film that were sacrificed so this movie could earn a studio millions of dollars, one is reduced to tears.
The recipe contains two parts lowbrow kitsch to one part silly horror. Combine with unaccomplished actors and morality preaching and we have `The Ring,' an innundation of poorly shot images and masturbatory use of wide-angle lenses strung together to form a barely cohesive story. The nauseating use of twisting plots and poor characterization is almost as infuriating as the distinctly plagiarized shots. The absurd plot makes suspending belief for `Star Trek' look easy.We are bounced like a ping-pong ball in our sympathetic expectations as audience members until we drop on the ground suffering from a bad case of futility. If I wanted such an experience I would open up to random pages of a Charles Dickens novel reading off random words from the page, pretending to be able to formulate something of value.If you are not a pre-pubescent moron or a comatose half-wit, then do yourself a favour and see something else. Forget urban legends, watching `THE RING' is more likely to kill your brain cells than any VHS tape recovered at a mountain lodging. I didn't like this movie and was mad that i spent money renting this at Blockbuster and I am also angry that I ordered pizza for this movie because I thought it would be really sweet. I'll explain why this movie wasn't good to me. THIS WILL SPOIL THE END OF THE MOVIE AS I WILL MAKE COMMENTS ABOUT THE ENDING!1. This movie was in no way scary to me. You see some dead face for .5 seconds in two different scenes throughout the entire movie. That is not nearly enough to scare me or even entertain me. Maybe if they had like their hearts ripped out or there body was taken apart and like their bodies were hanging from a wall.2. The lapses between the two so called "death scenes". Waiting the entire movie to kill off one character. That is simply ludacris. Maybe if you found some pictures or something in a cabin that showed the high school students who had died in the beginning.3. Aiden ,or whatever the boys name was, did some stupid stuff throughout the movie. "I couldn't sleep!" What the hell kind of excuse is that. And why did he now so much about the girl.If I have some more time I might go over a few other details that annoyed me. I must say the ending was a little innovative but it seemed to make two mistakes. I would of enjoyed this movie more if after Naomi Watts and Noah (don't know actors name) the movie simply faded out and the credits began to roll. BUT, this didn't happen and the ending had Noah die and then they make a copy of the take and the movie ended. Well I think that the director should have went beyond that and had something more happen. I honestly have no idea what should of happened but there NEEDED to be something else to happen after that.Oh, yeah and the horse jumping off the boat was like the funniest thing I ever saw in my life. It was like just about to clear the railing and then it's back legs hit the railing and the horses face collides with the side of the boat. I was laughing for like three minutes! Well, the original Japanese version of this film was fantastic! It's such a shame that the Americans decided to do a remake.... The premise of the film has been slightly changed, incorporating bits from both Ring and Ring 2. The new plot is pathetic, the in-film 'video' didn't have the mystery that the original had, and the storyline has been interweaved with irrelevant rubbish. I wasn't expecting much from this film, as most American interpretations of foreign film are dire to say the least! The use of visual metaphor, story, situation and casting were all terrible. If you havn't seen this film yet then don't bother! Rent the original. This movie was terrible.  I can't believe the amount of hype that this movie received.  I went in expecting a movie that would be somewhat scary but all I got was a movie that was laughable at best.  Let's see, there were so many weak points, it's hard to know where to start.1. The lack of a coherent plot severely crippled this movie.  It took too long to figure out what was actually going on and the ending was a tad lame. The ending didn't really answer any questions and at best, added to the confusion.2. The lack of good acting skills also hurt this movie.  In my opinion, the best character by far was the little boy.  Everybody else was just gravy.3. The capabilities of Samara were not scary, but just so far out there that it didn't make any sense.  With the abilities that Samara was given, she should've been able to destroy everybody...weird...she didn't...4. This movie was just plain overrated.  If this is what is considered very scary, people need to watch the classics again.  To relate this movie to The Exorcist does not do The Exorcist justice.  That movie was truly scary. The Ring went for some cheap scares and it shows.In the end, this movie was pretty poor.  Too often, the standards of the general public falls when they view a string of weak movies.  This movie might be scary compared to what has been released lately, but it is nowhere near the quality of The Exorcist. After reading many of the reviews listed here for this movie I was looking forward to seeing the "Ring". I could not believe how bad this movie was and I like a lot of movies and am not the type to bag on a movie just because it is popular. (SPOILERS) Too many holes: how did she make the tape? why was she evil? how did the images get on the tape? the images of herself were on the tape also? Why did the police not care about any of the people dying? Was there a phone in the well? (being sarcastic) I could go on but will not. I have given this awful movie too much of my time already. If you like a movie that has to use loud noises to get you to jump or to stay awake then this is for you. To the untrained eye of "John Q Moviegoer," this might appear to be a strikingly original ghost film, but in reality its a pointless and half-assed retelling of the scariest film ever made (with typical Hollywood "bigger is better" excess).Dreamworks didn't release the original over here for a reason...because they don't want people to see the superior version! Do yourself a favor, track down the original Japanese trilogy (bootlegs can usually be purchased on EBay). Not only is it scarier, but it makes more sense!Just goes to show that imagination and not money (the remake literaly cost 60 times more) dictate how scary a movie is. Fun fact: The producers of the remake saw the original and were so blown away that a 1/2 hour later, they bought up the remake rights. My question: If you thought it was the scariest and greatest thing you've ever seen, WHY REMAKE IT?!? Sheesh.Don't settle for anything less! See the original! Another lazy American remake of a far superior non-American film.Yet another example of unoriginal copybook filmmaking made by dumb americans for dumb americans.See the Japanese original, yes it has subtitles but for once try using your brain for a change and see a truly creepy and original film. !!Spoilers!! I'm sorry, but this might have been the stupidest movie I've ever seen. It was incredibly cheesy, corny, and had a ridiculous ending. Filmmakers need to draw the line between gross and scary. There were some things in the movie that looked simply disgusting. The Birds - Now that was a scary movie. That had these psychotic birds that flew around eating people and pecking out their eyes. Not this stupid "girl coming out of a TV to kill you" type of thing. This movie was not hard to follow, or hard to understand, it was just hard for me to freaking stay awake. ooh, a horse is going nuts! ahh! scary! This girl is mentally disturbed and was wierdo-freak parents! ahh! She has long hair over her face and looks like a freak! ahh! I would have gotten more enjoyment out of banging my head on a wall for the 2 hours this movie dragged on. The coolest part was when the horse want nuts and got all chopped up. That was hilarious. And the video itself was rather interesting. Either way, I want my $4.50 and 2 hours of my life back. Terrible. I would have given it a negative score if I could. If you haven't seen this movie, don't. I see RINGU the original japan. version of this film and when I see THE RING I just didt like it. It's a poor modify copy. In my opinion they lost the finesse and atmosphere of the asian screenplay and add useless crying hot stuff. 