Reading all these reviews about what a "Masterpiece" this movie is makes me wonder if I missed something or if I'm just stupid. If you're someone who's raving about how creative and revolutionary this movie is, you're either just trying to fit in as a horror movie snob or saw a completely different movie. Seriously, I sat there through the first hour of the movie and wondered if I somehow walked into the wrong theater and was seeing a different movie. The pacing is incredibly slow, and I understand that the first half of a slow burning horror film like this one is supposed to build suspense, but unlike other horror flicks this film keeps you waiting and waiting and waiting for absolutely nothing. The only positive thing about this movie is the acting. The movie does have good performances from Gabriel Byrne and Toni Collette, although I don't feel her acting is "Oscar worthy" like people are saying. It just makes me wonder how desperate these two great actors must have been for a paycheck. This movie was marketed as something that would make people rethink what horror movies are all about. In the end, there's nothing to spoil about this movie because nothing happens. The plot develops extremely slowly as a poorly written family drama. Then in the last 20-30 minutes the director must have remembered that he was supposed to be making a horror movie and just slapped together an ending full of countless scary movie cliches that left everyone in the theater scratching their heads. Someone at my showing actually said out loud when the credits began to roll "wtf was that movie" and everyone laughed.I get that cinematography wise this movie is supposed to be brilliant, because it does look pretty good. But good visuals aren't enough to save a boring movie with a poorly put together plot in my opinion. I've seen a few other reviewers on here mention how people in the audience were laughing out loud during the "scary" parts of this movie, and I can say that most of the theater I was in, including myself, was filled with people laughing and loudly cracking jokes at how cliche and confusing the ending of this movie is. DO NOT waste your money on this movie. Stay home. Spend time with your family. Read a book. Spend 2 hours of your life doing literally anything except for watching Hereditary. Do I live in the Twilight Zone or something? I'm completely baffled if this is what people consider:"A modern day horror masterpiece." (USA Today) The reviewers of this movie are either delusional, been paid off, or Ari Aster himself because there is absolutely NO POINT TO THIS MOVIE. No destination. A soulless automaton disguised as a profound mediation on: "An unsettling look at the demons we have inherited from our parents." (Vanity Fair)Wow, what a great one liner right? The things a talented filmmaker could've done with this simple seed of an idea, an idea that permeates, connects, and could've been a genre defining masterpiece but instead I was given:Paper thin characters. A plot that had no trajectory. Laughable performances from the whole cast. Horror imagery that served no purpose other than, this looks scary! Style over substance. Toni Colette, you've disappointed me dearly. Thought I was in for an Oscar Award Winning performance and what I was left with was a comedic rendition of what it truly means to be an artist. You talked about giving your soul into this character and all I saw was a performance with no intention. This is the same company (A24) that released "It Comes At Night" and "The Witch," two other mediocre horror movies billed to be the scariest films of all time when they were released. It was one of the worst experiences I had in a theater and in film in general. People were in uproarious fits of laughter throughout the 2 HOUR RUNTIME for what was supposed to be:"Terrifying." (Indiewire) and "Bone-chilling" (The Hollywood Reporter)Clearly Ari needs help with his storytelling skills. He has technical finesse, but technicality is nothing when compared to a story with nuance and insight, something that is emotionally compelling and moving. The movie had the depth of a puddle after a drizzle. The trailer is probably the best part of this movie. Watch the trailer and save yourself the money.P.S. I literally made an account TODAY to review this and I never post reviews. I'm a huge horror fan and thats how awful and disappointed I was at this movie. Never trusting review sites again. After such hype about this film and all the amazing reviews I was so excited to see a decent horror. This isn't horror, at all. The only plus point is so good acting as most of this film is a slow drawn out family drama, It has one of the WORST endings to a film, like completely pointless. I feel for a joke they put this film out as a project to see how many people would be tricked in to seeing it with enough media hype. You will never get this 2 hours back of your life, do literally anything instead and it will be time better spent. Wow what can I say? I've been anticipating this film since hearing about it from Sundance. The problem with critics and the buzz surrounding this film was that it was way too hyped to the point where I was expecting the holy grail of terror. What me and my audience got was a decent and compelling start that crash lands into a comedy of errors. The film was just not terrifying nor was it goosebump inducing. I just stared blankly at the screen feeling muted and emotionless. I love slow burn horror and films that are filled with dread. This had a very good compelling premise but somehow the director decided to go artsy fartsy surreal pretentious in the final minutes of the film and boy did my audience groan and laugh. Trust me it was not nervous laughter but the kind you hear at a Farrelly brothers movie. Wait wasn't this suppose to be a horror film? How did it suddenly transform into a lame campy Mommie Dearest meets Rosemary's Baby unintentional comedy? Everyone booed and hissed on the way out of the theater. Literally the worst ending to a genre movie in ages. I was waiting for Natalie Portman to come out in black swan smeared kabuki make up and make some kind of cameo. This generations Exorcist? These critics are seriously deluded.Word-of-mouth from paying moviegoers will not be kind. Avoid unless you are a film student or love movies with godawful endings. I can see this being a Rocky Horror type of flick where audiences mouth click throughout the film and yell howlers at the screen like "Don't you ever raise your voice at me, I am your mother!!!" Boring regurgitation of every horror movie that came before it. I watched in stunned disbelief, hoping it would be saved by the third act. Instead, my wife and I were laughing out loud and the mounting stupidity. To have the talents of Toni Collette and Gabriel Byrne, two actors incapable of giving a bad performance, and to have the result be this messy wannabe Twilight Zone episode is an utter catastrophe. Anyone who compares this mess to horror classics like The Exorcist and The Shining needs to have their critic cards revoked.I'd post spoilers, but there is nothing to spoil! Worst use of two hours in my 46 years of existence. I hated this movie
Everyone else in my screening hated this movie
Everyone I know who has seen it hated this movie
How it's IMDB score is as high as it is I don't know!
This is my first review on IMDB and I felt compelled to write it to warn people because it was so bad
Half an hour in, it was so slow I was battling to stay awake
I didn't particularly care for any of the characters
As Toni Collette descended into madness I found her highly irritating
I only made it to the end because I had gone to see it with people - if i'd of been on my own i'd of walked out at the point I referred to IMDB to see how long it was and saw it was 2hrs 7mins!If it was knocked down to about 80mins it would probably be an okay-ish movie but it was more like torture having to sit through it for what seemed like forever! This movie was utterly terrible, I went into the theater thinking I was going to see a good suspenseful horror film, I was wrong I sat there trying to get the main points of the plot. The film had a prolonged plot which to me was dragged on, to get to an ending that was terrible to me at least, also I feel the film could of had a better meaning and plot, very disappointed in a film that has a high rating on the IMDb scale. I don't know what movie these other reviewers think they were watching, but the "Hereditary" I saw that starred Toni Collette was just awful! If you're looking for a slow-paced, yawn inducing experience, this is the movie for you. It starts out with a good premise, but SLOWLY yet most surely, it manages to droll through a vague and desperate "I'll bet you forgot Rosemary's Baby" storyline that culminates in the rebirth of some silly demon king that is made complete only after he receives a proper Jughead-styled crown. Don't waste your time or money. Don't read reviews from stupid people. Trust me. I can not believe the false positive reviews. The movie is slow & it is more creepy than scary. I fell asleep in this movie, twice. There is a huge buildup to a absolute let down. No one walking out of the theater liked it. Please save your money. I give it one star for the cinematography. Don't wast your money - it's artsy fartsy - not scary at all - so many errors - I can't believe the reviews but the audience in the theater laughed through the second half and the end is literally a JOKE! Words fail to descibe the disappointment I had after the movie finished, I dont really get to pick movies when I go out with friends but I was told by my friends that my future movie chosing rights have been revoked. My son & I were excited to see 'Hereditary' especially after all the reviews. We went Thursday 7 June & were severely disappointed with movie. The story line is very flimsy and at the end of the movie, we both look at each other and said spontaneously 'WTF!'. The movie is 2 painstakingly hours long. It really isn't a 'Must see' movie. If you do like me and read some 'big' critics before embarking on a film, you can end up reading things like this:
"a sensationally scary debut feature by Ari Aster, is unhappy in ways that Tolstoy could never have dreamed", or
"this horror flick can be so shocking and dismaying, so genuinely upsetting in spasms and spurts, yet at the same time so madly entertaining"Do not be fooled fellow imdbians, with more than two full hours, this film has you yawning for more than 60 full minutes before something happens.
You will not know how to seat yourself trying to watch this horribly monotonous and tedious film.Escape from it like the plague, you have been warned. I'm not entirely sure where all these rave reviews I'm reading are coming from. What are people watching? This has to be one of the dullest, most tedious and disappointing movies I've seen for a long while. The trailer is definitely misleading, giving you false hope of a good old eerie, even psychological horror, not the bizarre freakshow it turns into. The first part of the movie moves at such a slow pace, it's hard to keep awake and when it does finally kick in it goes so far over the top it becomes embarrassing. Toni Collette, normally reliable, is so garishly OTT you have to watch her through your fingers, it's such a cringeworthy performance, and Gabriel Byrne is frankly wasted and he just looks like he wishes he hadn't signed up for it in the first place. I'm not sure how on earth this ridiculous piece of work is being compared to full on classics such as The Exorcist or Rosemary's Baby, there's just no comparison. The end of the movie couldn't come soon enough - an utter farce. Save your time and well earned money - I wish I had. I spent the whole movie waiting for some kind of climax, hoping that all these ridiculously long drawn out scenes of zero plot development would lead to something. Then, just when you feel as though you're getting somewhere, it all comes to an abrupt halt with one of the most actual laugh-out-loud endings I've ever witnessed in a so called "horror" (we physically burst into laughter when she dropped the "you're a king of hell" line). Great movie if you're a fan of snail paced plots, 10 minute long scenes of two people walking down a hallway whilst one cries "please" over and over and over, and ending that leave you sitting in your seat, laughing in utter disbelief that someone thought that was a decent way to end a $10m production. When a collective audience laughs through the entire movie and screams WTF at the end, you know you've just watched a terrible film, horror or otherwise. The story, when there is one, is so disjointed and silly that it ruins the acting, resulting in a bunch of unnecessarily long slow pans and over the top histronics. Throw in an absolutely abysmal and distracting soundtrack and you have the makings of a major bomb. I'm truly hoping this one movie will put an end to the hype machine vs. reality conceit surrounding movies of this type, but I somehow doubt it. When you know you have a stinker, all you have left is hype if you want to make your investment back. And a lot of us fell for it. Sad. I have absolutely no idea what all the hubbub is about. This movie is neither scary, nor very interesting. And the twist at the end is just silly. I have seen no horror, terror, sorrow or what ever and definitely didn't need to call any helpline for emotional support. The only scary thing about the whole thing is the BS the promotion machine was able to create to sell this very mediocre movie. Awful, awful, awful movie. Half ass story line, character development sucked. They apparently had a family dog that appeared for only two scenes and was suppose to have an impact but amounted to nothing more than who the hells dog is that? There were Naked old people zombies randomly appearing at the end. The audience was literally laughing at the "scary" scenes and you could hear people cracking jokes all the way through the second half of the movie. The writers and director should be held accountable for false advertising. Don't waste your time with this movie. Up there with the worst movies I have ever seen. Just truly abysmal.Long and drawn out for the first half. Nothing happens. Pointless. No suspense building.This film will give you nightmares guaranteed, but only for being so stupid to waste time and money on it.The audience were cringing and we could barely make eye contact on the way out. Was embarrassed.The ending is some kind of joke.I may need therapy to work this out of my mind. Although the acting was fabulous and the setting wonderfully done, the story line made no sense and the ending was hilariously ridiculous. Toni Collette, the mother, was an artist who created miniature theatre-like sets, was compelling, and the daughter, Charlie, was deliciously creepy. The pacing and music score added to the attempts to be edgy, but in the end, it was almost funny. Both my friend and I laughed as we exited the theatre. P.S. I don't know if 1 star is the best or the worst, but in my book,1 star is the equivalent of a one star hotel. You don't want to go there. I am sitting here trying to wrap my mind around why anyone would give this more than 2 stars. There were many ridiculous scenes that brought about actual laughing from most of the audience. Acting was good, special effects were pretty good but this was a joke of a horror movie. I am certain that a "scary" film is meant to be scary? Having just left the theatre, I can still hear the audience laughter at some of the "scary" scenes.To say that there was any suspense is laughable. I don't think I've ever spent 2 hours and 7 minutes less enthralled at anything. This film was slow, very slow, pointlessly slow. I am informed by other reviews here that the film exhibits the whole gamut of human emotion and senses. Having seen it, the only emotion I feel is annoyance at wasting time and money on it. And the only sense of mine that was teased, was my patience.I am bewildered by the storyline and am left with a feeling of mild annoyance at being duped into seeing it by misleading and, frankly, entirely inaccurate reviews on here.Or maybe I saw a different film from everyone else ............ Was looking forward to watching the movie but left feeling very disappointed. I was expecting a genuine scary horror movie, unfortunately it was far from scary. I will not be wathixng this movie again!! Up to "the event" the film is actually very good. Mysterious, unnerving, and suspenseful. But not long after it descends into an absolute joke. Characters behave in illogical, naive, farcical ways. The twists are signposted and the supernatural elements have zero consistency, coherency or logic to themBut worse it gets really really dragged out and basically boring. If It was 40 minutes shorter all of the criticisms above would still apply, but at least it would be relatively lean and well structured. As it is though I found myself just wishing I was watching it at home so I could entertain myself while waiting for the conclusion. And the actual last few minutes make less sense than the rest of the film. Suddenly out of nowhere some ridiculous satanic nonsense appears and to be honest during the last 3-4 interminable minutes there were at least two unintentionally laugh out loud funny moments. Utter, utter garbage. Really. It's not even so bad it's good because it's so ridiculously padded out for the second hour. It would have been 3 stars but I actually feel it needs to be marked down for giving me hope for the first 20-30 minutes. The pros: Acting was goodThe cons: 
Incredibly slow paced just build "tension"
It tries to be one of those mindf-k movies but just utterly fails
The audience in the theater actually laughed at various points it was so ridiculous.
So many cliche moments I lost count.
And it was just plain boring 