I haven't seen a horror movie this bad in a long time. Every single jumpscare is predictable. The ending is predictable, just like EVERY other horror movie. No plot twists.
The whole movie is rushed because they wanted to focus on the final battle against evil.
Don't waste your time watching this trash. We were lucky to watch that movie in teen-free premises, which allowed us to focus on the story without suffering jumps, screams and laugh at their own jumps and screams, and repeat.
That let us realize plot and twists were not part of the original budget. I guess all the money went to la llorona herself.
The room was full of adults, we all laughed at how bad the acting was at times, when the tropes were too obvious... by the end, we were pissed we had not received money to waste two hours of our time. A bunch of loud yelling and screaming. A plot that has been done to death and just a mess of a movie. Period. I actually ended up falling asleep it's shame how unscary this movie portrays the weeping woman. What a waste of my time but at least I caught up on sleep. The curse of La Llorona dissapoints in every aspect. The cast is so cheap, and the screenplay so poor. The writers did not put any effort to develop a smarter story, with deep stuff or something. You will only find a sad, generic and pathetic attempt to scare people. La Llorona will make you cry... for the wrong reason. The stuff they are calling horror nowadays is just HORRORble and nonsensical. Just going after the shocking effect to thrill the audience does not make a story good by a long shot. There needs to be some everyday common sense on how one reacts to things that don't make sense. But whenever I thought the story would become smart, it became more and more asinine. The sh...t thats being produced nowadays being called horror is a travesty to the genre. Gone are good ole days of great writing. DONT BELIEVE THE POSITIVE REVIEWS. This film is the worst. When i knew that it was in the conjuring universe I immediately wanted to see it and I knew the curse of la llorona previously so it made me wanted to see it even more, my brother and i went to see it (my brother is a huge fan of the the conjuring universe)
We had high hopes for it and oh boy was it disappointing.
The negatives:
Let's start with how they didn't take advantage of the amazing story basically they told the story in about two minutes and that's it,they did mention it once or twice afterward but it didn't do justice to the story. Second thing to talk about is the jump scares, the movie consisted of jump scares
(With the examination of the first of thirty minutes) after that it was either a jump scare or the music leading to a jump scare.
Third thing is that the movie is a cliché, you have your cliché kids that will get everyone killed to get their toy and your cliché church that will tell you that they can't help you but they'll send you to normally a ghost investigator but this time it was a shaman and many more.
That's all i have to say if the movie did anything good it was that it made us laugh. Rubbish!! Starts with an OK story and starts to build it then regresses to how many jump scares can we fit into an hour and a quarter!! predictable and boring, if you like substance then stay away from this film!! I can only think all of the people rating the film 10/10 were asleep for the whole film as an hour and a half's sleep is the only thing that would have been worth doing throughout it!! Just another 2019 money grab flick. Don't waste your time. Bad acting, bad story, bad cinematography.Very unoriginal story... thanks again hollywood.. This movie should have been named the La Gritona or nagging/yelling woman. I was falling asleep during the movie buy the dang Gritona kept waking me lol. Movie sucked period!!!! Exclusively jump scares and loud noises. No intuitive plot elements or camera work, one dimensional characters, and pretty much everything else a decent movie needs. This was the most cookie-cutter horror I've seen yet, and that's really saying something. Hollywood's idea of diversity in horror. The problem is the story is stupid and not scary in the least. Direction is poor, relying on loud screams and noises for the shocks.I was thoroughly bored out of my mind. And hoped all the kids would get taken Was yelling wth throughout this movie. Expected far more from these producers. Don't waste your time or money. Watch the trailer and then find a good movie. This wasn't scary at all, you just anticipate the jump scares. The cgi, awful! This movie would have been over by the beginning. When the CPS mom went to her house and asked what's wrong? Where are the kids? She gives a cryptic answer, while looking nuts. Why not just say there is an evil spirit here trying to steal my kids , so they're safe in the closet. Then she blames the CPS lady for her kids dying. Uh no lady, it's your fault, you should have said something. The way La Llorona was after the kids in the end, why when she opened the closet door, did she not come right then? Why does she wait all night till they are moved to another location, just to kill them in a completely different location? Why did those kids act cryptic too, saying "she" did it, while everyone thinks it's the mom? Why didn't the CPS lady's kids say, mom there's a Spanish bride coming after me look at my burns!! If the fire tree blocks her from coming in the house, why did she go through the back door? If she could, wouldn't she go through a window? Why is she acting like a home invader, can't she just appear? Why is everyone so calm? How did the little girl stay in the pool that long, had to have been 5 minutes, just to come out coughing? So many more questions but I'm done asking them. I wish they would start making some good horror films because I think this is a bad trend. No one tries anymore...
The only thing good was I could feel the moms rage when she held the bat. The End. This film wasn't bad, it was worse than that.It followed every trope in the book, BADLY!Every character was insufferable and the script must have been thread-bare.The casting was tragic - every actor gave a less than garbage performance and much of their reactions made no sense.Every two minutes there was senseless shouting and screaming which added nothing to the film's story or tension.At this point the makers just trying to milk money out of people's pockets - do NOT pay to see this film.Luckily I saw a free screening. This is the kind of movie that while you're watching it you think: "I can't believe I'm wasting 2 hours of my life on this"The acting was horrible... the script was terrible. You don't know if you were supposed to laugh or get afraid on some scenes. A lot of the plot is just not making any sense at all. This movie is one of the dumbest movies I've ever seen. They put the bandages on the outside of his shirt, that's how stupid this movie is.The acting isn't good. The writing isn't good. The makeup looks like a cheap Halloween costume. There's absolutely no thought put into it and the need to use classic horror clichés was more important than to actually make it work with the story. Jump scares you can see from a mile away instead of a story which could actually be scary on its own.I can enjoy a low rate horror movie from time to time, it doesn't have to be flashy, the acting doesn't even have to be A-grade, as long as there's at least a good story. This movie didn't have anything going for it from start to finish. If the creators didn't put the effort in to even try to make a decent movie, then the viewers shouldn't put the effort into watching it either.Complete waste of time. NO, NO and once again NO. No originality, no plot and no fear for that matter. Not one moment of proper suspense, not one proper jump scare and not one elevated heartbeat. This was made for people who have seen 3 horror movies in their lives; otheriwse avoid at all costs! Stop feeding the Conjuring machine with the same formula and please make some creative and trully terrifying horror. About as derivative as a film can be.The BAD news is the movie's inexplicable lack of originality and imagination combined with an insipid script. Bless the actors for being able to work with that.And as far as the movie's, "jump shock" nonsense: What is this? 1955? Seriously? Do writers, producers and most importantly, the directors really believe this worn out, cinematic ploy has any value for today's viewers whatsoever?A movie not worth the time or ticket price. The movie has a straight predictable story no twists. The ending was absolutely rubbish and non sense. I have to say I don't usually write reviews but I think I have to let out the fact that this particular movie frustrated me! Lol I mean why wouldn't the kids say anything to begin with?! Why would then hide the fact that there was a creepy woman in white threatening their lives and burning them with her touch?! Especially since they have physical evidence of this, definitely had my eyes rollin lol Another part that frustrates me is that they begin to question her as a mother... I mean cmon, the lady works with Child Protective Services... couldn't they have questioned her without having to send someone and treat her like she would actually abuse the kids?... And Lastly, I really think it's stupid how the priest recommends her to use a Curandero knowing that it is okay for him to do so.... and not to mention Raul's methods for "curing the home" were pretty silly, eggs filled with blood??? Using the children as bait??? Using sanctified tears as "anti-venom"? Overall I think this movie was not well thought out and doesn't deserve the money I paid to see it... Please do yourself a favor and wait until it comes out on Redbox lol :) Utter trash wasted hr 1:30 this is not even scary at all or does i seen better horor films then this trash i don't know how people find this scary in the slightest very bland the nun was more scarier then this movie don't waste your money or your time Audiences are pretty savvy these days and if you keep screwing them over, they aren't going to pay good money to see your generic run of the mill boring and dull so called horror movies anymore. This is the case, as soon as the opening scene arrives and the titles flash, you will know your in for a below mediocre netflix-type offering. This is literally one of the worst horror movies in ages. Sad to see James Wan's name stamped on this. I am sure people will flock to it due to curiosity of the folklore and a decent edited trailer but word of mouth will kill this one soon. AVOID AT ALL COST! An unsuccessful copy of The Nun,
This movie is a shame for the horror genre in 2019.
When you see the movie you have the impression that it is hurriedly made by amateur directors with a very low budget.
A lot of chatter and very few moments of "horror", the film is focused on bla bla bla...Many people left the cinema after about half an hour of the film.
In conclusion, this movie is a total failure, super boring and very predictable. I believe it is one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen, the story is so common that you could tell the entire story of the film from the first 5 minutes. The effects and make up were childish and fake. Bad quality movie, bad acting, bad production 