When I saw the movie for the first time, my reaction at the end was the same as the whole audiences. WTF??? I was mainly disappointed and felt like I was wasting time and money. The movie left scars behind and I couldn't stay alone at home being that scarred for many days - which was kind of a good sign as I hardly get scarred watching horror movies nowadays (I am nearly 47 and grew up with all horror classics... I've "seen them all...").
As said, I was super angry having watched this movie. Yesterday, I went to the cinema with my 20 year old son as he wanted to see the movie with me. As loving father I agreed. This time I figured out what is truly going on in the movie! Caution - Spoiler !!:
The dear grandmom was a satanist. I knew that from the first time. Joanne, her "girlfriend" as well. I also got that one. But what was the electric impulse which you could see? This i figured out the second time. It was Paimon, the demon haunting the son of Annie. But Paimon needed the son to be dead first to be able to enter his body for good - which happenes just at the end of the movie when Peter jumpes out of the window. You can see Peter lying on the ground in front of the house when the electric impulse comes and enters Peters body. That was Paimon. Now Paimon has entered Peters body finally. The summoning was successful. And finally - Peter (now Paimon) makes that strange sound with his tongue, just like Charlie did before. Why? Charlie was the host of Paimon before. But her body was not healthy and it was a girls body, not the body of a man, which Paimon needed. Thats why Charlies grandmother wanted to her to be a boy instead of being a girl.
Makes sense now? 
And btw: Paimon is a real figure as well as the sign used in this film. It is one of the 72 demons from the Grimoire - some magic book also used by people like Aleister Crowley. 
Knowing that, the film has now become a real masterpiece. The tension increases constantly till the showdown at the end, when the movie suddenly becomes one of the most fearing horror movies I have ever seen. 
Well done A24 and Ari Aster! Great acting from the cast as well! This has to be one of the best horror movies ever! Toni Collette gives a performance of a lifetime and I think possibly the best of her career. Just when you think you know what's going on, the movie flips. It's so amazingly written and such a thrill ride. Not for the faint of heart!! I've watched this so many times but still get the same chill every single time. Definitely would recommend to horror fans! Review: 10/10 And I mean this in the best way possible. The spectrum of emotions you go through range from sheer terror to complete hopelessness and sorrow. The movie picks at the human psyche in all the right ways. It's both hard to watch and impossible to look away. Hands down the best horror films I've ever seen, perhaps one of the best films in general. I really didn't know what to expect going in to see this film. I had seen the trailer and all of the good press for it, I adore Toni Collete, and I generally enjoy horror films. I left the theater with a pit in my stomach and came back the next day to see it again; this is a film that rewards multiple viewings.The film began rather predictably, in my opinion. However, the truly unexpected and disorienting end of the first act grabbed my attention and never let up from there. This film digs its hooks in deep and slowly drags you down into a pit of despair. There is a gleam of light at the end of the tunnel, but it isn't what you think. This is the first film in a while to keep me on my toes throughout its runtime, even if its plot isn't groundbreaking. The amazing performances, sublime cinematography, and outrageously outstanding sound design makes this film a real treat for anyone with a special affection for the medium.I've seen many compare this to The Exorcist and Rosemary's Baby, and I agree mostly with those comparisons. However, I also see this film as a distant relation to the original 1976 Carrie. Both films put family drama at the forefront and milk every ounce of dread from the truly hideous realities of familial cohabitation for what it's worth. What makes these films so stirring isn't jump scares, special FX, or "payoffs" to every tense scene they present; it is instead forefronting the all-to-real human tension and making the audience sit with it as uncomfortably as possible. The scenes that stick with me from Carrie aren't just her supernatural revenge at the prom, but the abuse from her mother and the gut-punching shower scene that opens the film. It's those moments of having to experience the very real ugliness of humanity that stir me and stay on my skin for days after seeing a film.My opinion is that this film is a masterpiece and will certainly be joining my list of all-time favorite horror films. However, it is definitely not for everyone. This is a film that's made to stand out to already-avid film fans with an appreciation for the format; those with short-attention spans and/or those accustomed to the mile-a-minute breakneck pace of most horror films won't enjoy this. I also think (and I'm going out on a limb here) that this is a film most readily accessible to those who have already experienced a major physical or existential loss or crisis in their life or are intimate with the feeling of being manipulated. There a lot of reports of people "giggling" during the film; I think some of this can be chalked up to the sheer discomfort this film causes, but I also think it may in some cases come from not being able to grasp the logic and affective phenomenon of grief that this film so accurately and exquisitely captures. This film is a meditation on themes of grief, family, manipulation, and ultimately a lack of control. This isn't a film like The Conjuring (which is also one of my favorites) that gives you more than enough "cues" to be scared during certain parts of the film; instead, this film relies on your attention to detail and your willingness to be devoured by its sinister textures. I don't even know where to begin with this one. When I heard that it was being made by some of the same people who worked on The Witch (which some people didn't like, but I liked it), I had high hope for this film, and boy was I not disappointed. Such a breath of fresh air for the genre in a time where Hollywood has prostituted it and released nothing but garbage. Not only was the film scary as hell, but it also had a lot to say about grief and trauma. The way the film is put together is its strongest part. The pacing, the editing, the cinematography, and the sound design all worked together to create a truly unique and hellish vision of horror. I'm a horror veteran, and rarely actually jump or feel tense, but this film made me feel like a horror virgin again, actually frightening me like no other Hollywood film can.The acting was also superb all around and only adds to the horror being presented on screen. Each character was unique and added their own style to this modern horror masterpiece. I saw many people in the theater jumping and looking away, some being grown men. A couple people even left, and I can't imagine its because they felt it was a bad film, because it was not. I am seriously considering going and seeing it again which hasn't happened since the Evil Dead remake and The Raid. I would say this film is a must see for any horror fan or for anyone wanting to be scared out of their minds. It's really a shame that people who are too lazy and desensitized to appreciate this film gave it negative reviews. The fact that anyone would rate this movie any less than a 9/10 is despicable to me. This film was an absolute masterclass in it's genre. From the opening scene you will feel a tremendous level of discomfort and apprehension that only intensifies as the movie goes on. The performances by all those involved are excellent. No jump scares, no unbelievable characters, no exaggeration of blood and guts. This film is exactly what horror should be: terrifying. A movie that will sit with you well after you leave the theater. My favourite movie of 2018 was a very disturbing one that was filled with sharp turns and twists filled with horrifying scenes incredible acting pagan cults and really great directing there's not that much I can say about this movie just don't go into it with a full stomach this is not your average horror movie I don't need to say that you should watch it you might regret it it's very unsettling This movie is not a traditional horror movie. In fact, I would even go so far as to say it is not even a horror movie at all, just a heavy drama movie with terrifying elements to it. This movie did absolutely everything right, from the extremely realistic dialogue, to the astoundingly realistic visuals, to the cinematography, and more. Everything about this movie just worked, there was absolutely no scene or shot that felt unneeded or unnecessary. The movie looked gorgeous, and then, fitting for the mood of the movie, it seemed to darken the colors and the tone of the shots and cinematography overall. The acting in this movie was complete perfection, down to even the most minor of characters. Toni Collette gives by far the best performance I have seen by an actress this year and I can easily say that she deserves to be acknowledged in the upcoming Oscars. Even Alex Wolff, whom I did not think would do a great job within the movie, did an outstanding job. The thing that drives this movie forward is the pure tension that is felt not only within the characters and between them, but with the audience as well. This movie is horror at its finest, pure tension, no reliance on jumpscares. There was a particular scene that just blew me away with how well it was shot, it involved a character being in their bed and then looking around their room thinking to have heard something, and all the while, there is a mysterious figure lurking in the darkness. And rather than use this figure to provide a chance for a cheap jumpscare, the director just lets the audience soak in the image of that entity in the room with the character, and no jumpscare happens. This is the definition of a pure horror movie that relies on tension and nothing else. This is definitely one of the best movies I have seen all year, and the second best horror movie I have ever seen, right behind 2015's The Witch. This movie blew me away, and if you are a fan of horror movies, drama movies, or both, go see this movie. It is utterly and completely amazing. I am a horror fanatic and I have not seen a movie that has impressed me this much since the first time I saw The Shining. The director reminds me of a mixture of Lars Von Trier's encrypted mind and Wes Anderson's pleasing imagery. The narrative itself keeps the viewer guessing the genre which only adds to the suspense in having no idea where the movie could go. So wonderfully thought out, so incredibly visually pleasing. A must see for anyone who's a fan of horror, gore, drama, suspense, etc. I am in love with this movie. I've spent my whole life watching horror movies yet there were parts of this movie that left me in utter shock
and horror, left me gasping and hoping they wouldn't go where they did. I can't praise this movie enough.. brutal, crafty, original, eerie, compelling.. just brilliant and utterly disturbing and terrifying. I can't say enough good things. This movie is a puzzle that you have to put together yourself. Every shot and every sequence has meaning and there is so much to think about after seeing this movie. There are so many powerful shots near the end and just stay with you. Don't expect to just see this movie and move on... you will need to do some thinking, you will need to do some research, and I feel this movie will be talked about for a very long time. There are images that I will probably never be able to get rid of in my head, which is great because I love horror and this is exactly what I could have wanted from a horror movie. Definitely one of the greatest horror films released for some years. Where to even start with this absolute roar of a film. I'll just go ahead and say this - Hereditary is absolutely brilliant. Just brilliant. It is a terrifying film written and directed by first-time director Ari Aster and stars Toni Collette in her finest role yet about the disintegration of a family. To say more about the plot would be too cruel - but, allow me to reiterate, Hereditary is TERRIFYING and one of the best horror films I've ever seen in my life.What I love so much about this film is it takes its time to introduce us to the characters - we get a sense of who the characters are within the first 20 minutes. It sets up the characters and develops them in a way that we don't usually see in horror films. Usually, they cut straight to incessant, annoying jump scares and give no backstory or character development. Hereditary makes you FEEL for the characters, so when you see their lives go awry, you truly feel it - psychologically and emotionally, because you really do care about these characters.The film only has a handful of jumpscares and relies much more on psychological tricks to mess with your mind. The film is incredibly intense and uncomfortable to watch for the first 80 or so minutes, before transitioning into full-blown Lynchian horror in the last 40. It never pulls back - the horror is traumatic, cruel, and relentless. It does not allow you to breathe - once it pulls you in with its cinematic tricks, you're stuck. Pure arthouse magic.It also has a very human side to it. All supernatural occurrences aside, it is at its heart an exploration into grief, and how grief is almost like a ghost, haunting the entire family. It is also a film about how grief is dealt with, and what lengths people would go to stop grieving.The score, cinematography and lighting is just brilliant. Ari Aster has set himself up for a talent not to be ignored. The fact that this is his first feature film is INSANE. The film is so well directed, you never would have guessed this is Ari Aster's first film. Brilliant.I will say this though - Hereditary is not a 'fun' horror movie like most, - you can't go in and expect to be thrilled. No, instead, the film is dark, depressing, disturbing, hard to watch and incredibly unbearable with its intensity levels. I did, at some points, especially during the traumatizing finale, want to leave the cinema because it simply became too much to handle for me. Don't get me wrong this isn't a bad thing at all though.Overall, HEREDITARY is just terrifying. It grips you and doesn't let you go and just when you think it cannot get more shocking and disturbing, it does. Hereditary is truly a must watch and changes the game for modern, arthouse horror. This movie comes as close to perfect as any horror movie can. What was most surprising about this movie was the comedy. The actors were so skilled that your stomach would be turning with disgust one minute, and then suddenly the entire theatre is laughing at what often felt like a genuinely improvised line. Alex Wolff deserves all the praise he's been afforded so far for this movie, because even though he's a young actor, he stole the film through the second act. Toni Colett was astounding, to say the least. Unlike other reviewers, I actually found the ending surpremely appropriate. Having gone into this movie with no spoilers besides the trailer on a pre-opening viewing, I was one of many audience members in my theatre who literally ended up making commentary as the movie reel rolled, such was our disbelief. Every expectation I had was wrong, in the most disturbing, blood-curdling way possible. I normally hate when people talk in the theatre, but this movie was so disturbing and shocking to fresh viewers that it was a forgone conclusion. This is one of those films that you HAVE to talk about when you witness it. I recommend seeing it without any spoilers revealed, so you can really experience the horror of the storyline unfolding. Even though I'm an adult, I refused to sleep alone once I got home from Hereditary. A movie hasn't rattled me like that since seeing my very first horror movie at the age of 9, the original Friday the 13th. This film will follow you to your car, stay with you as you drive home with white knuckles and paranoia, and rest on your shoulders with a profound sense of unease once you eventually find yourself in the dark. I'm thankful I saw it, but I don't think I could ever take watching it again. Let me start this off by saying I did not enjoy The Witch. Too slow of a burn for me. Hereditary on the other hand was brilliant. Started off slow which had me worried but this movie was more willing to explore the supernatural element and when they went for it, they really went for it. No cheap scares here, thick tension building atmosphere and bread crumbs of clues lead up to one of the most intense final acts I have seen in awhile. An instant classic in my book, a horror movie that takes it self seriously (as does every actor and actress involved) and demands your respect. Go see this film. I can't believe some of you out there have rated 'Hereditary' 1 out of 10 - you should be banned from watching another film ever again Before we start. PLEASE, hold out on seeing this movie for a few more days! The audience that is in the theater because of the hype will totally ruin it for you. Unnecessary sounds, laughing at inappropriate times and copying main characters. I know spoilers will be around every corner, but you need to see this film whilst being able to be completely absorbed by it. I promise you, you will not be disappointed. A family drama that takes disturbing turns and grabs you by the throat. Honestly, the best horror film I've ever seen! The only thing I hate, is that I don't get to see it for the first time again. Hereditary feels like it was conceived as a response to horror films like the Paranormal Activity films, in that horror films have never been jump-scare dependent fests; and that they can be scary in how uneasy they make you feel as you watch the story unfold on-screen. I could see influences of The Omen, The Exorcist, and mother! (for better or worse). It's got its fair-share of uneasy scares and subtle beat-driven scares and shocks.I can see why some people didn't take too kindly to this movie, and that's fine. My thoughts on the matter though: this film succeeds in telling a story bigger and scarier than any jump-scare fest. Hereditary is a must-see horror movie. And it's a must-see for the 2010s. The acting in this movie was excellent but what makes it so special is the reward that you get if you are in the moment and you pay attention to this movie. The dark atmosphere and uneasy feelings that you get from things like a child who mutilates dead animals or the uncanny valley of the life-like miniatures made it hard to look away and not be pulled in to this dreadful tale. Also the sound and music were spot on.Ari Aster has shown himself to be a powerful and resourceful director using lots of different methods to tell this crooked and misdirecting horror story. I wish I could watch it again for the first time.This may make me sound like a horrible person, but I feel really lucky that I was in the right mindset to watch this film. The bad reviews make me feel like I received something valuable that not everyone is going to get because I got to experience what the director wanted me to see the first time through. if you watch this movie and you are not invested. you are never going to get to watch it for the first time again because the ending will spoil that. And this movie is clearly a labor of love that doesn't come around very often. Especially for the actors. Toni Collete and Peter Wolf, particularly, gave us a piece of themselves on the screen. When the ending comes, it will look silly to you if you weren't ready to see what was coming. SPOILER A lot of people had an issue with all the nudity. These were not models, the nudity was not fun to look at. The thing is, devil worshipers and satanists are often naked for rituals. There are lots of reasons but the one that I recall the most is that it is a rejection of the original sin, the rejection of the application of shame to nakedness. The rejection of a penalty applied to mankind by God. In that sense, it is supposed to make you uncomfortable. And the normal human reaction to feeling uncomfortable is to detach. So there were people in the audience laughing. I felt the movie was slowly pulling you out of your comfort zone and that the pot was slowly and expertly brought to a boil. I feel lucky to be one of the people that really got their money's worth from this brilliant film. No doubts about it, whatever experience you think you're going to get from Hereditary or whatever you think Hereditary is, it's probably not, but where there are no doubt's is in the fact that Ari Aster's scarily good debut film is a modern day horror classic.A deeply disturbing and unsettling film, that crafts an ominous and dread filled environment from its opening frames until its unforgettable finale, Hereditary isn't your typical jump scare filled horror event, more so an incendiary, mentally mind melting offering that will crawl under your skin and stay there for days and weeks afterwards.Focusing on the Graham family who are mourning (or celebrating?) the recent passing of their secretive grandmother Ellen, Aster's film introduces us to Toni Collette's miniature making mother Annie, Gabriel Bryne's kind-hearted therapist father Steve and Nat Wolff and Milly Shapiro's teenage children Peter and Charlie, as the slightly dysfunctional crew begin to find their lives taking some (lets we say odd) turns in the aftermath of Ellen's death.With this peculiar collection of souls, Aster has established a horror film family for the ages, that's impressively played by all performers, with Australia's own Toni Collette delivering a career best and award's worthy turn as the mentally unhinged Annie, whose life has been anything but ordinary.With Collette's Annie and Shapiro's downright unnerving Charlie at the forefront, Aster builds a narrative that is slow burning in nature but utterly gripping from start to finish and it's the type of experience that is best watched as blind as possible to allow the viewer to absorb, and in many ways handle, the goings on.You know and understand from very early on that not all is as it seems in Aster's tale and it's a sustained feeling that pulls the rug out from under you on more than a few occasions, making you quickly understand that anything is possible in this unique and powerful creation.Combined with Pawel Pogorzelski brilliant cinematography and Colin Stetson's goose bump inducing score, Aster's debut is two hours of pure unadulterated tension and brilliance and it really can't be overstated just how impressive Aster's effort is here as a first-time director, marking him down instantly as one of the industry's brightest new talents.Final Say -There's so much that can be said about this stunning and hauntingly horrific tale and while arguably not for all tastes, for those that fall under Hereditary's spell, this is a cinematic experience not to be missed, with Aster's film one that is set to be talked about and picked a part for year's yet to come.5 chocolate cakes out of 5 I don't think I've watched another film as anxiety-inducing as Hereditary. From the opening scene there is a feeling of wrongness... and that feeling continues to grow as the film goes on. If you're paying attention to the surroundings as well as to the actors (who are brilliant!!), you see things that raise your hackles; sometimes you need to do a double-take... just to make sure you saw correctly. It'll mess with your mind. And just when you think you've figured it out, the film throws something else at you, completely shattering that belief.A lot of people say the ending makes no sense. But everything that happens in the film, from the very beginning, adds up. It's supernatural; it's mental health; it's family, and loss, and grief. I thought the ending was pretty much perfect. It was almost calming, in a strange way (no spoilers though... you'll either know what I mean, or you'll think I'm a weirdo). When the credits roll, you breathe a sigh of relief, then immediately want to talk about it with someone! It's in no way forgettable, and that feeling of anxiety takes a good while to leave you. I think that's what makes a horror movie - any movie really - truly great.
 
It's not a film made to gross you out, or make you jump (though you might once or twice), which I suppose is what a lot of people were expecting, thus they hated it. It's a simmering horror. It's two hours of anxiety and tension and darkness. It'll leave you feeling pretty damn fragile (I know I needed a hug after watching it!). I can't wait to see what Ari Aster comes up with next!! I was under the impression that I could no longer be truly frightened by a horror film. Especially those with supernatural themes. The last one I saw in the theater featuring demon-possession, Annabelle: Creation, was entertaining and exceeded my expectations, for sure. I was never really scared while watching it, though. It was fun but there was nothing...believable about that kind of horror to me.Walking into Hereditary, I was in a completely empty theater auditorium, and I had no clue what to expect. I'd heard a glowing review of the film from one of my favorite authors, Bret Easton Ellis, who insisted in an episode of his podcast that this was a horror film unlike the usual ones we get these days. It had really had an effect on him, and he had so much praise for it, so I knew I had to see it while it was still in theaters. I had very high hopes that I would finally be genuinely frightened by a horror film again, much like I was the first time I had seen Paranormal Activity in the theater as a teenager.Did Hereditary ever deliver.Thirty minutes into the film, I became tense; there was no telling where this film was going to go anymore. I felt uneasy, and realized my teeth were firmly clenched together. My anxiety was through the roof. I wanted to see what would happen next and I also hoped for a moment to relax and feel safe. The stunning cinematography and brilliant acting performances from the entire cast had me absolutely immersed in this horror story.Without giving away too much information - because you should absolutely see this film knowing little about it in order to experience its many surprises - this horror film is not typical in any way. Much like The Babadook, it draws parallels between supernatural events and the experience of mental illness and grief on a family. I feel that Hereditary surpasses The Babadook, however, in its much more effective storytelling and thrilling imagery. One thing you should know before seeing Hereditary is that there are many subtle, yet extremely important, pieces of information that make the conclusion a lot more comprehensible if you pick up on them. Paying close attention to detail is vital when viewing this film, and I very much look forward to viewing it a second time and noticing even more details that I possibly missed. I'm sure there were a few.I commend Ari Aster's artistry that went into creating one of the best horror films I have ever seen. He truly understands the horror genre and how to do it brilliantly. This being his first full-length film, I am highly anticipating his future work and I'll definitely be purchasing Hereditary when it is released on 4k Ultra HD. I imagine it will be a film I revisit many times, despite how utterly shaken I was after my first viewing. I highly recommend this film to fans of psychological horror; you will not be disappointed.Film Grade: A+ Hereditary is a horror film like you have never seen before! It keeps you on the edge of your seat with gripping tension and a horrifying soundtrack! There is one moment in this film that will blow you away. You have been warned!!! I'm gonna keep this short and sweet. I absolutely loved this movie. But I totally get how others (including my better half) didn't. If you don't like slow-burners. Not for you.If you don't like cerebral horror in the slightest. Not for you. If you think jump-scares are a poor mans attempt to get your popcorn flying. Then this IS for you.It's a thinking man/woman's movie. Hands down, the best horror movie in years. 10/10 This movie puts horror genre back on its feet.
You have to watch this gem. In the beggining it's slow but towards the end it picks up the pace while twisting your intestines. Very disturbing yet excellent movie. Great directing and overall acting. This year's "The Witch". Highly reccomended. Quick preface, yes I do love horror movies - anything from zombies to slasher films to your supernatural and all-too-human and real thriller types etc etc. I always have and I've seen more than I could even begin to count. You could say I have a bit of an affinity for horror movies, sure, but that doesn't cloud my mind when it comes to identifying a turd vs a masterpiece.Hereditary is as close to a masterpiece as I have seen though I wouldn't brand it as a masterpiece for the simple fact that it's a bit too akin to "perfect" and nothing is perfect. There is not a single jump scare, not a single loud burst noise meant to startle you, nothing purposeful and obvious anyway (or at all). It's just a pure, unadulterated creepfest. Eerie, disturbing, uncomfortable, unsettling - all words I would absolutely use to describe this movie in the best way possible.Many horror movies and thrillers like A Quiet Place (also a great film) have some very suspenseful scenes. But those are just scenes. Temporary settings in which the director can build up suspense to some fun climax. All I will say about that aspect of Hereditary is at a certain point, the entirety of the movie put me in a long, sustained state of suspense. Nearly literal edge-of-my-seat kind of thing except that I was too comfortable leaning back.I don't even see it necessary to get into any sort of specifics with this film. Read the synopsis and reviews, etc etc. Just know that it is so much more than any words can truly describe. Do yourself a favor and see it. For me, an avid moviegoer especially concerning horror movies, this thing is a gem. Wonderfully acted, the soundscape and landscape is just so damn perfect. Off-screen noises coupled with a very appropriate visual just fills you with a sense of dread at times for what is happening on screen. I absolutely loved this movie. It affected me more than any other movie in recent memory, maybe ever. I truly, truly do not understand even in the slightest how this movie is getting anything less than a 7 or an 8. These clowns bashing it and giving it a 1 are off their rocker. I don't know what they were watching but it wasn't Hereditary. My only guess is they were expecting some obvious jumpy typical Hollywood scary movie that didn't present them with obvious, orthodox scares. I was so stunned to see ANY 1s at all much less several. Ignore them entirely. Just see it. 