I had the pleasure of seeing an advanced screening of IT in Brisbane. The film is absolutely brilliant. Bill Skarsgård has taken Pennywise and made the role his own. Creepy, disturbing, humorous, IT really possess the creep factor, giving audiences a new reason to fear clowns. The entire casting choices were sensational. All actors really held their own, creating a sense of comradery between the characters. Like most people, I do hold the miniseries with Tim Curry close to my heart, but after seeing this adaptation, I was beyond pleasantly surprised. So much so that upon IT being released into cinemas, I'll be back in line to see it again. The brand new #ITMovie scared the heck out of me and I don't throw that around loosely because just when you thought that "Annabelle: Creation" may have set the bar for this year, bam! "IT" comes along and smashes that bar into pieces. Wow! This is one incredible horror film, everybody involved should get a congratulatory pat on the back, definitely a huge upgrade from the '90s miniseries. This is best Stephen king adaptation yet.Directed by Andy Muschietti, based on Stephen King's timeless novel of the same name, IT is set around the mysterious disappearance of children in Derry Maine, when a group of young kids will have to come face their biggest fears and square off against an eternal evil clown named Pennywise who comes around every 27 years to repeat his reign of terror. It's no secret and it's not really a spoiler that New Line and the filmmakers of this new version have planned to re-imagine this story into two installments, with the first focusing on the children and then chapter two will be about their grown up selves once again battling Pennywise. So with this first chapter, I think the timing of its arrival couldn't be more perfect especially with last year's debut of the hugely popular series, "Stranger Things" that brings up '80s childhood nostalgia while presenting mystery at the same time, "IT" offers you that same vein and I think that's OK because we haven't gotten to the point where it's played out so for the time being you're going to love that aspect about "IT." There's definitely a "Stand By Me" vibe to it as well, and the whole thing does feel episodic, at one point while screening it I didn't want it to end, it felt like I was binge-watching, it was so cool. Kudos to all the young actors featured in this film, they really hold their own and each of their characters' distinct personalities stand out. Their backstories and their process of slowly but surely coming together as some sort of a team is both honest and engaging. Now, if you've ever read Stephen King's book, "IT," you'd recall that it is a super duper thick book. You can use it as a stool to stand on for when you need to change that lightbulb. But the point is, I think the screenwriters of this new film did well in condensing the story to just the right amount of time that contains just the right mix of kids camaraderie and the horror fest that is Pennywise. And if you've watched the '90s miniseries, you'd recall how much that version held back plus the low quality practical effects that they had at the time. Well, I'm happy to tell you that this new "IT" doesn't hold back, this is Pennywise unleashed, it's practically proud of being R-rated, which is great because it allows for the scary parts to be really really scary and not second-guessing or pandering. And if you have never liked clowns before, you're going to hate clowns even more because Bill Skarsgard's performance as the new Pennywise will haunt your dreams for the next few weeks after you've watched this movie. What I appreciate about Skarsgard is that he doesn't try too hard to emulate or imitate or channel Tim Curry, Skarsgard does his own take of creepy. And because Pennywise is pretty much invincible to a certain extent, you'll see him pop up in the most unlikeliest of places meaning when you least expect him, that's when he'll scare you to your core so brace yourselves for surprises around every corner. Another reason why the timing of this movie's arrival could not be more perfect is because today's visual effects compliment Pennywise's limitless abilities and so director Andy Muschietti and his crew have the creative freedom to not only realize some of the scare points in the book but they managed to also go beyond that. "IT" goes for massive, it goes for bold, it goes for bloody, not a single boring minute, it goes for the "Goonies" fan in all of us. You will laugh, you will scream, you will have nightmares, hands down one of the best horror movies ever made. -- Rama's Screen -- The performance of Bill Skarsgård is good along with the kids performance, like Bev, Mike etc. It was super faithful to the novel, more than the 1990 miniseries and they added new scenes. So i'm going to say that i'm super impressed with this adaptation, thumbs up, oh and the makeup was super good, so again, thumbs up for that. Even though this movie didn't scare me,it was the first time I heard people scream in the audience ever. This movie was absolutely brilliant. It looked beautiful, the actors did a splendid job and this adaptation of IT really added something valuable.I do have to say that the first half of the movie didn't quite capture me, but then it just got better and it kept surprising me. This has to the best horror movie I've seen in a very long time. Being completely honest, it wasn't as scary as I expected but it was WAY better than I expected. Script, story and casting was all perfection. This movie really did the book justice. I am super excited for the next one to come out. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who may be even slightly considering going see it. I originally saw It in the theater a couple years ago and have only seen a few times since; still wasn't reviewing back then though plus preparing for the sequel. Anyway though I absolutely love clowns and this is one of my favorite horrors, I even own It in 4K! Pennywise (Bill Skarsgård) is done perfectly and the rest of cast is excellent. I wish I was interested in writing years ago maybe someone important could enjoy my opinion that's what I am hoping! Easily quote worthy and incredible soundtrack! Creepy as hell, it managed to even outdo the original, as it focused the entirety of its run time on " It " stalking and terrorising the group of kids in 1989. The cast of unknown child actors handled the fear, and humour in perfect balance, while Pennywise was even creepier than in the original. There were also a few brilliantly subtle music cues, amongst a lot of crescendosI want to see horror films return to having a physical villain ( as last year's Green Room, and Don't Breathe, as well as this film has ) rather than yet another ghost story/ supernatural/ haunting flick, like we've had seemingly never ending examples of in the past several years. Granted, this film has supernatural elements in it, but it simultaneously has an actual villain, a physical entity threatening the protagonists, which is where I hope horror films return to. Its 135-minutes long run time basically flew by quickly.The opening credits call the film, It, while the closing credits call the film, It Chapter One. The Cult, my all time favourite band, are on the soundtrack, also. Fifteen minutes in, we hear about thirty seconds of Love Removal Machine I watched the original but didn't take the notice I should of when watching to compare both movies, but then again I don't need to - this movie is its own perfect thing without being judged with the old TV Movie. It might be a remake (ish) but it is own thing completely, even though it's a remake! So watch this with or without the knowledge of the original. I originally thought they were going to show the young child being taken without any blood, but when watching it I thought it was setting the scene throughout the whole movie and showing the blood like they did was perfect, and kind of shockingly good, and the time they took on the same scene was amazingly longer than the last one. I loved how they showed each character ion their home place and struggles without having each person there to join along, because we needed to see them and how they react and work with their struggles after being through them for a while, and that is without pennywise being involved. Then bringing them all together to find out, 'wait we are going through the same thing'. This happens very shortly into the movie, sooner than I thought but made it fit in perfectly. And they gave them enough time to go through all the hard times as a group to break up and get back together to make it in good time for the end of the movie. And the ending wasn't fast, it had its own phase and took its time to make everything fit in and make sense, which makes sense it did perfectly. They also made it perfectly to put in - chapter 2, which the only thing you will wish for in chapter 2 is they explain where IT came from for this movie franchise and not go the extreme like the book/Stephen King does. As much as this is a remake they make it perfect for the 21 century so I hope they do the same thing with Pennywise's background but make it not too extreme and understandable To preface this, I have read the book AND I am terrified of clowns. That being said, if you are expecting a shot for shot recreation of the book, you will be let down. However, do not let that deter you from watching what I can only describe as not just a movie, but an experience. I truly believe that Muschietti directed a perfect screen adaptation of the book."IT" revolves around the mystery of the township of Derry, Maine where every 27 years since its founding, fatal accidents occur and people go missing. It is now 1989 and kids are disappearing once again. It is up to one group of kids to face their nightmares and fend off the evil responsible for the tragedies, Pennywise the Dancing Clown. Again, if you have read the book, then you know that these group of kids will face off against Pennywise again in their adulthood. However, the way the filmmakers have gone about creating this is to split the story into two chapters with the first one being what we have now: childhood. For this installment, I cannot see another cast in place for the children that were in this film. You get to see all personalities in this group of misfits and the actors portraying them really made their characters individually stand out in their own unique way. And this was a KEY aspect to the overall flow of this film. Bill Skarsgård's representation of Pennywise is also incredibly masterful and is key to the atmosphere this film sets up.For all of you Goonies fans out there, this movie will really have you reminiscing. IT is advertised as a horror film, and it definitely is (trust me, I screamed several times but again, I'm terrified of clowns so your mileage may vary). However, I think many people who come in expecting to get full on scare factor are missing the whole point of this adaptation. Growing up is scary and everyone has fears. Some people, like me, are scared of clowns. Others may have lived through (or currently are living through) traumatizing experiences and those memories haunt them. Whatever your fears may be, at some point or another, you will have to face them - and that is EXACTLY what happens in this film.The way the cinematography is paced is a perfect representation of the whole concept of facing your fears and working through them in the company of support and people you trust. In the first hour of the film, you are pummeled with what feels like a montage of scary scenes. You have no idea what you will be expecting to see, but you know something is coming due to the ominous camera work and the eerie music that kicks in. And every single time, you get worked up and anxious about what is going to happen. Then, as the movie goes on and everyone's fears are peaking, an extremely climactic scare happens just as everyone in the film is most vulnerable. All the characters have just had to face their biggest fears once. They are all getting together to discuss what happened and an absolute nightmare of a scare happens. Now, a decision needs to be made: the kids can run from their fears or face them head on.Without adding too many other spoilers, I will just give my cents on some big lessons this film keeps simmering under the guise of horror. First of all, if you choose to run away from your fears, they will still exist and will keep coming back. Once you start facing them, you can start to empower yourself to continue to fight. Second of all, when you do face your fears, you might not win the first time (or the second, or third, etc.). What is important is that you realize there is an end goal that can be reached if you don't stop fighting. And lastly, it's that sometimes, your fears and demons may require some help - and that is okay! With the true support of those you trust, you can start to gain ground on the problem and work towards a goal....Okay one last spoiler (just because this was the main factor why I thought the movie was more of an experience than a simple film). When you watch IT, keep track of how scared you are at the beginning versus at the end. With other horror films, I have found myself in fear and anxiety almost constantly throughout the entire film. However, with this film, I noticed that as it went on, certain things became less scary as they were happening. Interestingly enough, the children in the film were also in the midst of fighting their fears and were becoming less scared. I'm not sure if this was just a sole experience for me, but regardless, I think this was intentionally done with what is incredible writing, acting, and filming all combined.To conclude, if you loved Stranger Things, The Goonies, or Stand By Me, you will love IT. If you are on the fence about watching this film because you "don't do scary movies", do not let that prevent you from watching IT. The horror is very tolerable (and I am a very timid person). You should go for what is a really well put together plot and expression of it. Man, was Bill good in that role! Go watch it for his presence alone. His acting and make-up got me terrified, during the movie. The effects were cool as well. A very good and scary adaptation of the original film. Yeah, the ending was a bit flat, but don't judge it because of the last 15-20 min. Up until then this movie is a horror gem! 10/10! The thing i didn't expect was, that it actually was a very long movie and every bit of it was scary. That alone contributed to build-up fear into the audience, which i guess was the point. When you have a few chilling or scary moments in a movie, that is cool, but it does not leave a long-lasting impression after you've seen the movie. That movie does the opposite and it succeeds triumphantly! Can't wait for part 2! The movie was not your typical "crap your self horror movie" that keeps you awake at night although it was a great movie in general. Skarsgård was amazing as "Pennywise" and the the rest of the acting was pretty good as well. The actual movie had a well written script and great actors/actresses. One problem with the movie, way too much unnecessary swearing from the kids. Overall great movie 10/10 IT is one of the best horrors of the last 10 years in my opinion. Using many different camera angles to draw fright Andrés Muschietti really tries to make IT a visual feast. At times the CGI is a letdown, with many of the monsters (especially a flute painting) looking unrealistic, however this is made up for with the amazing looking Pennywise, who does not fail to live up to Tim Curry's well regarded performance. When the movie focuses on the story of the losers club and their personal bullies, IT shines, the characters have great chemistry that really forwards the story, and each character has their own distinct personality's. All in all, IT was a great movie that lived up to the hype. Stephen King's book "It" is my single favorite fiction novel of all-time. I have read it a number of times and am completely and utterly absorbed by its atmosphere and characters. As such, despite the big buildup, promising trailers, and positive reviews, I wasn't sure that this new film adaptation could ever quite live up to my extremely heightened expectations. Fifteen minutes into my trip to the cinema, I knew I was wrong. This one was going to be great.For a basic plot summary, "It" tells the story of the little Maine town of Derry, which seems to have a problem with children disappearing. During the time period this film focuses on, little Georgie Denbrough (Jackson Robert Scott) is attacked and killed by a maniacal clown named Pennywise (Bill Skarsgard) in a sewer grate. That starts a pattern of child abductions (the cycle beginning again in Derry), which is seemingly only realized by the "Losers Club", a group of friends who come together because they really don't fit in anywhere else:-Bill (Jaeden Lieberher), Georgie's older brother, is struggling to come to terms with the family tragedy, an event that afflicted him with a pronounced stutter. -Ben (Jeremy Ray Taylor), the "fat kid" (pardon the judgment...this would have been me) of the group. -Richie (Finn Wolfhard), the loudmouth prankster. -Eddie (Jack Dylan Grazer), the sickly drink of water with the overbearing mother. -Mike (Chosen Jacobs), the black kid in a community not always accepting of minorities. -Stanley (Wyatt Oleff), the Jewish kid who struggles to even fit in with this gang. -Bev (Sophia Lillis), the girl that of course all the others have a huge crush on.Over the course of that summer, the Losers Club is tormented by neighborhood bully Henry Bowers (Nicholas Hamilton), while at the same time all seeing manifestations of "It", a seemingly non-corporeal being who can transform into their greatest fears (e.g. Pennywise the maniacal clown).Director Andy Muschietti's "It" is by no means a direct adaptation of the book. The best ones aren't, as they are two completely different mediums. Some of the characters go in different directions, some events are slightly altered, and even the time frame (1950s in the book) is moved up to the 1980s here.What doesn't change, however, is the spirit of the source material. King's novel is all about coming of age, facing fears, and having courage when no one else will. All of those things are perfectly present here. A lot of that has to do with the acting performances, starting with the camaraderie between the young child actors. This may be the best child-led ensemble cast I've ever seen on the big screen, as their antics provide some much-needed levity for material that can be very dark. Then, of course, there is Skarsgard's Pennywise, which is just as iconic as Tim Curry's earlier take on the role (this one being much more dark and violent).A final interesting observation is how "It" so seamlessly melded together the horror, adventure, and thriller genres. If you are a fan of either, you'll find something to enjoy. The scary scenes are something straight out of, say, "The Conjuring", while the buddy adventure is so much like "Stranger Things" (Wolfhard double dipping even!) that one could almost call "copycat" (but it's so fun who cares?!). Backing everything up is a very solid story.Of course, this is only the first chapter in the "It" story, as King's book also goes into great detail about these characters as adults. That material is saved for a later-date sequel, and this one sets it up perfectly. This original can be viewed as a stand-alone experience, yet leaves just enough unanswered questions to make a compelling "part two".Overall, "It" was one of my favorite film-going experiences in quite some time. It did justice to a great story, even introduced some new aspects into the mix, and whetted appetites for more to come. I can't wait to return to Derry for Round Two in the future! The strength of most of what Stephen King writes- even when he's "re-imagining" classics like Dracula (SALEM'S LOT) or THE MONKEY'S PAW (PET SEMATARY) or OLD YELLER (CUJO) or the old EC Horror comics, etc.- is his CHARACTERS: they almost always Ring True. IT is no exception, and this latest reincarnation boasts excellent performances all around. (One of the more horrifying aspects of the Pennywise personification- that's only very subtly touched on in the movie- is the influence of Real World killer clown, John Wayne Gacy.) (Here in Crack Town, we had an old man nicknamed "Snake" and his wife who were both pedophiles. They were caught a number of times, but never went to trial "to spare the children." When the couple left the neighborhood, the kids they'd assaulted began to sexually assault even younger kids, culminating in the kidnapping of two five-year-olds by a young teen. Once again, the local "authorities" refused to prosecute. And you thought "Derry" was a scary place...) I'm looking forward to the next "chapter" in the on-going saga of IT, but this one will be hard to beat. IT has the It factor. The star of the movie was for sure Bill Skarsgård he put the name Pennywise in the word horror. He was just plain out terrifying. I have not seen a movie this damn good in a very long time. It was just not the best movie of the year it was the best movie I have ever seen in the theaters and I just didn't see it once, but twice. By far Bill Skarsgård should win an Oscar for Best actor and the movie itself should win for Best feature film.Parents IT is rated R and when you see Bill Skarsgård's Pennywise you will see why it is just plain out scary. It will definitely make everyone wet there pants that is how Scarry it is. I recommend to wear more the one pair of underwear to make sure you don't wet yourself. Hope you enjoy IT.HERE TAKE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!You'll Float Too It's been 23 years since we had - probably - the best adaptation based on Stephen King's work to date: The Shawshank Redemption. After so many failures like Dreamcatcher, Desperation and - sadly and more recently - The Dark Tower, we finally got IT!The adaptation of IT was surrounded by high expectations. That because Andy Muschietti - the director - showed through social media and interviews how much he loved and respected the source material. Pretty much like Peter Jackson did with The Lord of the Rings (but not with The Hobbit), the argentine filmmaker directed and made this movie with LOVE. The result could not be any different: it's an outstanding interpretation.The movie has a few flaws. I wasn't very fond of the narrative at beginning. The movie shows the kids separated and being scared by IT in a series of scenes that have no bridges between them, there's not much plot until the path of the seven kids finally converge. Another point was the special effects, some were great, but some weren't, and that might harm some vital scenes. Finally, although not a problem (but it could have been a massive one) the director used too much humour. Don't get me wrong, Stephen King is a hilarious guy when he wants to be, but Andy was too dangerously close to turn this movie into an adventure-comedy-with- horror elements (like The Goonies and Monster Squad), instead of a coming-to-age-horror-story. Nonetheless, I feel like he averted that at last second. Finn Wolfhard as Richie is funny as hell and Jack Grazer as Eddie also delivers his share of hilarity.Speaking of the kids, I was impressed and couldn't believe how EACH ONE OF THEM is awesome. I'm not exaggerating, the seven kids are great actors. Kudos to Jaeden Lieberher as Bill and Sophia Lillis as Bev, who had the most dramatic arches of them all and did a wonderful job. It's a pleasure to see this gang together and how the chemistry flows naturally.Bill Skarsgård as Pennywise is superb. We all have Tim Curry forever in our hearts, but Bill was capable of giving the Dancing Clown his own persona, and it's also great. You can clearly see that IT is having a hell of fun, but to the kids and the audience, there's nothing fun or funny about it, and that's what Pennywise is all about. The character was disgusting, horrendous and terrifying - like IT needs to be. I was so satisfied that Andy got IT's essence.Finally, I want to give congratulations to Andy himself. His love for the details was clear. Of course he couldn't adapt every single page of that behemoth of a book, and had to cut some really silly moments that only our dear Stephen King could give us (like killing the monster with a sling and the orgy scene - that no matter what King says to justify it, it will always be an unnecessary and disgusting part of the book to me). I loved the directing and the cinematography. To me the changes were great. Although I think that ACT I was too fast paced, ACT II and ACT III ran perfectly. This is the Stephen King adaptation that we have been waiting for since The Shawshank Redemption, guys, so don't waste any time and go see it on theaters - I somehow suspect that the movie may lose a part of its strength on DVD or Blu-Ray, so don't waste your chance!Special mention to Nicholas Hamilton as Henry Bowers. Great kid!Can't wait for Chapter Two - probably in 2019. I waited months to see this movie, and after seeing It, I can say it was well worth the wait. The acting was great, the pacing was good, and the story was fantastic. My only complaint is that there wasn't enough Pennywise.This It makes the original TV miniseries look like childs play. Bill Skarsgard nailed Pennywise. Tim Curry was great, but I think Bill did it better. Every time Pennywise was on screen, I could just feel it. He played the comical yet terrifying clown to a T. Which is why I wish there were more of it.The kid actors were perfect. Jaeden did great as the stuttering Bill, Finn did great as foul mouthed Richie, Sophia did great as misunderstood Beverly. The bullies made me hate them. Everyone did great. Especially Bill as Pennywise.Overall, I was very impressed. Georgies arm being bit off, Beverly being showered in blood. I enjoyed It. This is the tale of It, the first big screen adaption of the Stephen King bestseller of the same name; and that opening sequence is so iconic now that it has been swallowed into our collective subconscious like an urban legend.(Contains possible spoilers)This film has had a hard 7-year road to get to our cinemas, and that road has been littered with replaced directors, and actors tasked with playing the title character. It arrives on our screens with the weight of expectation and trepidation on the part of its many many loyal readers who have been waiting with eager baited breath to finally see what they have anticipated ever since first discovering the sublime book, and pinning their hopes on a faithful adaption.So was the wait worth it?First a quick summary of the films plot – For centuries the town of Derry has been home to Pennywise, a monstrous creature who can become your greatest fear to 'season the meat' as it were, and Its favourite prey is children, with their furtive imaginations and powerfully felt emotions. After the opening scene's death of young Georgie, his brother Bill grows obsessed with the idea of ending IT's reign of terror and, together with his band of 'loser' friends, sets about killing IT.Also in this mix is The Bowers Gang, led by unhinged snivelling bully Henry Bowers; and the losers have parent troubles particularly Beverly and her entitled and abusive father, and Eddie with his Munchausen's by Proxy mother. The town itself has a rich history of savagery and sacrifice, which is touched on also.There is a love triangle that is achingly realised, and a deeper story about the fear of growing up and confronting your own monsters, whatever they may be.The novel has a more fluid timeline darting between childhood and adulthood as they battle this eternal beast, but the movie has separated the child storyline from the adult one and so it is 'chapter one' we are discussing here.This sounds like a straightforward monster movie but it is so much more than that, as the mythology itself stretches out far beyond the confines of this film. Having said that, the scares are effective and memorable, and that opening sequence in the rain is brutal and breath-taking, an amazing start to proceedings.Directed with a deft touch by Andy Muschietti (Mama) It is equal parts coming of age nostalgia and creeping evil horror. He knows how to tug at your heartstrings, make you smile but then look around the frame for the next delicious morsel of horror coming your way.The musical score is sometimes expansive and epic, sometimes creeping and haunting – impeccable.The cast is nothing short of astounding, everyone brings their A game and its truly wonderful to see each beloved character cast so perfectly; I'd love to pick a stand out but each one imbues their character with just the right look or nuance. Jaeden Lieberher as Bill is vulnerable and strong and sweet and determined all at once, his love for and loss of Georgie keenly felt and portrayed. Sophia Lillis as Beverley is knowing and generous and guarded, as she is in the book. Jack Dylan Grazer as Eddie is commanding on screen and utterly believable in a part that could have gone awry, he is an explosive new talent and has a big career ahead of him. Finn Wolfhard as Richie has flawless comic timing and brightens every scene he is in whilst still allowing the character to be real – effortlessly perfect.And Pennywise? Bill Skarsgard is a revelation, by turns menacing and petulant and childlike and evil; I wish there had been more of him but I understand that an over saturation of such a character would have unbalanced the movie and so best to be left wanting more.It is not slavishly faithful to the novel, and weirdly, I'm OK with this. I view it more as an appetizer, a companion piece to the novel. Many things are touched on in the film that would then be expanded upon by reading the source material. The majority of changes made did not hurt the things that are most important in this story because ultimately its not about the details or even IT itself.This is a movie about that fraught time between childhood and adulthood when you feel your old self slip away and become someone else entirely, its about the power of imagination and how friendship can be your greatest strength against the things that scare you, its about love and life and growing up.This movie may only scratch the surface of the books depths, but it has the novels heart and spirit, and is everything I could have hoped for. That, for me, is enough Don't believe all the negative reviews here,IT is first class in all it's aspects! The chemistry between the group of friends is there,with the constant threat of the clown in the background is nailbiting thrilling! The cgi was there and convincing,i've watched the original and this is a worthy successor which brings homage to the first IT! Look, I'll keep it simple. Don't listen to the idiots that score anything below 8! As an avid fan of king and the original, this was right on par. Those complaining....about ANYTHING, don't have lives and just want to get under your skin. Skarsgard "KILLED" this role! Each "loser" nailed their character! The dialogue alone was superb. The acting makes you sympathetic which is every actors goal! Go see it. Remember, the reviews that are scoring low should not even be viewing horror films, because IT has it all! Such a contentful experience while being terrifying! I wish I could make such a Monsterpiece, I just write reviews and hope someone important sees them. Anyways Pennywise and Leatherface are my favorite horror icons ever! I'm so excited, I already have my IMAX ticket for It:Chapter 2 on Saturday. 4DX is wild though that's why I'm reviewing this again, there's mist during the rain, chairs that move, if someone got hurt in the movie you'd feel it, and the sound is just as RPX, and IMAX except like a rollercoaster. This movie got Pennywise right in this film and scary performance. A great cast and good story. I like how they copy some of the things from the original one from 1990. They have great CGI effects like they look real like most CGI today. I think this is the best horror reboot like most failed or mix review sometime praised like this film is possible better than Rob Zombie Halloween films and it's better than Micheal Bay's horror remakes.If you float we all float too. If you float too we all float too. IF YOU FLOAT TO WE ALL FLOAT TOO! (sorry if I screw up) "It." A story about kids in Derry who must band together to fight an other-worldly terror that preys on children and others in the small town of Maine. A haunting thrill throughout, with scares and laughter and even traumatic moments, this film is evidence horror is still very much alive today, and that the idea of sequels and remakes must not be dismissed. Overall, the film is a knockout. The makers of "It" evidently put thought and heart into the remake of the 90's classic made-for-TV hit and a great mix of what is in the original book by Stephen King and what the filmmakers decided would be original ideas to bring the story effectively to the big screen. There is so much that makes the movie worth it. It captures the essence of King's novel by bringing back some memorable elements, such as lines, characters, atmosphere, and the very fear that the children experience. And like the novel, there is humor throughout, to remind the audience that despite what the children go through, and despite the mature decisions they must make, they are still just children, alone in their conflicts from the adult world. It follows the book just enough to satisfy any fan of Stephen King (unlike some films *coughcoughDARKTOWERcough*), and even impress the man himself. Aside from similarities to the book and maybe even the 90's film, the film stands on its own, so people unfamiliar with King's work and the original film can easily understand and enjoy it, while a King fan will be delighted to see Pennywise in a new light, and enjoy classic moments (beep beep Richie!!). There are some elements that are disagreeable, but not many and they still can't bring my perfect score down. First of all, too much CGI. It seems to be used as a cop-out in films these days, a crutch. However, for the most part it is well used and effective. There are jumps scenes, something that many feel is a cheap scare. Chances are fairly good those people would still be caught off guard by some of them in this movie. Some may find parts cheesy, some may find the whole thing cheesy, so while the CGI and scares may be a problem for some, many will find them quite enjoyable. The scares truly are different, and terrifying.There also doesn't seem to be near enough character development, and it feels like you don't get to know each of the children enough, save maybe Bill and Bev only. But this is evidence of filmmakers pandering to the needs of the ever-changing audience, as modern general viewers sometimes get bored of the legendary Hitchcock-ian pace. The film moves very rapidly from the start and keeps the flow going throughout the film. Sometimes it feels like the characters don't even get much of a break in the last half of the film, but that's what happens when you try to fit a cinderblock-thick novel into two movies. You do however get to know the kids enough to get by, and it doesn't impede the progress of the plot.The acting even is favorable. Sometimes wooden, most of the time genuine. There are times when you truly feel what the children are feeling, and occasionally cause a stir of emotions. And let's not leave out Pennywise. We all know how difficult it would be to fill Tim Curry's clown shoes. But fear not, this new dancing clown is no circus. Demented and frightening, he will toy with the children's minds, and leave symbolic bite marks on viewers' souls. I have a personal beef with those reviewers who say it's nothing like the book and nothing like the works of Stephen King. These people are posers and have obviously never read "It" or any of King's novels, so take their reviews with a grain of salt. This story is an adult horror from a child's perspective. Fears from our childhood was a major influence on King's work, and "It" was its epitome. A must-see, but not for everybody, especially the feint of heart. It is a dark, evil, twisted fall down the rabbit's hole, and this rabbit has teeth. LOTS of teeth. Okay, since I'm now swifting It Comes At Night to my best thriller of the year category, this near-perfect reboot of Stephen King's IT is now THE best horror film this year (so far) and is easily one of the best clown horror films ever made. IT packs plenty of genuine scares as well as jumpy ones, all of which are presented way more frequent than most big studio horror films and making its pacing flow well with constant scares and thrills to keep the audience entertained and spooked throughout the film. The use of practical effects here are also deliciously creepy and gleefully disturbing to look at along with the freaky performance from Bill Skarsgård as Pennywise just even increases the insanity and horrifying level of this re-imagining version of the character without entirely replicating what has already been done (still, this version of Pennywise somehow reminds me of Johnny Depp's Mad Hater on cocaine at some point). Not only does this film have all the horrors to offer but other elements in the film here are also crafted so well like The Losers' Club. The Losers' Club here are perfectly cast, acted, and developed, making us care about their fates and relationships and therefore, be able to hook us to the screen from start to finish with their funny, energetic, and heartbreaking performances. Overall, besides its genuinely frequent scares, applaudingly creepy practical effects, and performances, IT not only proves to be a near-perfect remake but also strongly adapts what already has been done and creates a whole new insanity level of horror on top of that, as well as keeping the same heartbreaking drama core of the original through its exceptional cast into finally becoming this year's best horror film.(A) It is just 10:30 pm i have just watched this movie. Without any doubt this movie is awesome. I don't know how it is horror but it has so much my mystery. First part would be just clam as like but last 50-40 minutes it just awesome. I will watch it again. This movie acting was awesome and story was really grief and that will also learning. 