This movie makes you realize why so many other movies fail to be scary...not enough psychological elements. What this movie does right is that it skips the gore, and blood, and over-the-top overacting crazed lunatics that seem the norm in horror movies.I saw this with a friend in the theater and 10 minutes in we were sinking into our chairs with fear. Not even the annoying teens making their phones ring to scare their friends (when you see the movie you will understand why) were a powerful enough distraction to undo the terror we felt.Definitely see it, make sure you have as big a TV as you can get your hands on when you rent it, and that you watch it at night in the dark...if you want the full effect. Also, make sure you rent it on DVD and NOT cassette...you know, just to be safe ;) The Ring usually gets a bad rep for being "too slow" and some people even say that "nothing happens" in the movie. Unless you have ADD or something, you have to at least appreciate what Gore Verbinski achieved in 2002. What he did was he basically took the premise of Ringu, a good suspenseful Japanese horror flick and made it more suspenseful and filled with creepy visuals.I am a huge horror fan, and this is one of the movies that unsettles me the most. The suspenseful pace, the incredible, beautiful but haunting visuals make this a unique experience. I love gory films, but this one relies a lot more on psychological horror and imagery to create scares. No jump scares, just good story telling.The movie may not answer all the questions it creates, but the viewer, if he pays attention accordingly, will be able to figure them out for himself. Unsettling to the bone, The Ring is one of my favorite horror films of all time. Truly underrated. Before I saw The Ring, I used to think of horror movies as something about a supernatural (sometimes not supernatural) force that gobbles up people in bizarre series of deaths usually accompanied by blood and gore. Maybe I ought to blame it on my own selection of movies. But I realized that horror movies can have a deep and a decent story line after seeing The Ring.The Ring is an adaptation of the Japanese movie Ringu. Ringu is a well respected horror movie. Rather than call The Ring as an adaptation I would prefer calling it as an improvisation of Ringu. For I have seen both movies and in my personal opinion the producers of The Ring have made the story a bit deeper and of course with the music and special effects scarier.A particular thing worth mentioning is the work done by the child actor David Dorfman (playing the role of Aidan). My personal opinion is that he has done a very good job. And Ehren Kruger, in his script for the movie has given a major role to Aidan as opposed to lesser important role given to Aidan's Japanese counterpart.Full credit to the Ring's makers for a very fine adaptation of the original Ringu. And yes, a small word of advice for those who have not seen the real Daveigh Chase (playing Samara). After seeing this movie, do look up on the net for a picture of hers and make the comparison! And do try and watch Ringu as well. A very respectable movie indeed.A good story, nice scares, decent acting and smooth direction! Enjoy the movie! This movie is great. Im on a bit of a revisit of horror this month... being stuck inside and all. This is one of my favorites. Rachel (Naomi Watts) is a journalist who investigates a mysterious video tape that purportedly kills its viewer 7 days after watching it. The Ring is an American adaptation of the Japanese horror film Ringu. Following the success of this movie, it spawned its own sequel and introduced the Western audience to J-horror adaptations, notably The Grudge. There's intense tension, scares and mood developed in this film that are still palpable every time you watch. In doing so, director Gore Verbinski shapes a timely narrative about communal disconnect, modern alienation and the all-conquering power of technology with this adaptation. Naomi Watts delivers a superb performance as Rachel and I'm so glad it propelled her into mainstream consciousness. Martin Henderson too is equally on form as Noah, her confidant.No matter how many times I've seen it, I enjoy watching this film. The Ring is a classic horror film of the 2000s, if not 'the' classic horror film of the 2000s. THE RING is my favorite horror movie of all time for many reasons. It is a remake of an excellent Japanese horror film named RINGU. I love both films and own both DVDs. Now since there are so many reasons why I love THE RING, I'll organize all the things I love and the very few things I would change about this brilliant and creepy film. But first let me give you a short version of the plot: after the death of her niece, investigative journalist, Rachael Keller finds a strange tape that her niece apparently watched one week before her death. The rumor behind the tape is that if you watch it, you will die seven days later.THE INTRO: The introduction to this film is very smart. At first it seems like a cheesy teenage slasher flick. But that my friends is a trick. After about 3 minuets into the film you realize just how mature and suspenseful of a film this really is.THE CHARACTERS: The characters of THE RING are great. Rachael Keller is the perfect journalist. She's very inquisitive and smart; she certainly does allot in this movie and keeps the plot going. Also Rachael Keller is a great mother; she puts her own life in danger so she may save her son. Noah Clay is sort of a comic relief, he's sarcastic and stubborn but is also very smart. Noah helps Rachael solve the mystery of the cursed tape. Aidan Keller is the son or Rachael Keller, Aidan is quiet and wise beyond his years, he was very close with his cousin before she died a mysterious and horrible death. The character list goes on so I'll skip ahead to the villain. Samara Morgan is the antagonist in this film, and boy what a villain. The secret to Samara's past is a sad and brutal one, which would explain the things she does through out the film.THE STYLE OF HORROR: I love horror films like THE RING. THE RING is very unique in it's style, it is filmed like an Asian horror film; full of flash backs, creepy imagery, nightmares, mysteries, and hallucinations. It's very bizarre and surreal at times, which isn't very out of place since this is a supernatural horror/thriller. If you ask anyone who has scene THE RING "which scene do you remember the most?" they'll probably tell you "the closet scene!". This is referring to the 2 seconds of footage of Katie, dead in the closet. This scene is the biggest jump scene in the film. There are a lot of different types of scares in this film; jump scares, suspense, shocks, chills, and intense terror! WHAT I WOULD CHANGE: There is very little I would actually change about this brilliant horror film. In fact, there is only one scene, the climax. I guess I would like one that's a bit longer. The climax in this film is still satisfying but I definitely wouldn't mind a longer one.THE ATMOSPHERE: Atmosphere is something I highly prize in any film, but especially in horror films. It's industrial in some places and fantasy-like in others but it's always tinted green or blue. It's almost always raining and the settings are all very nice. The settings go from Seattle to the forests of Washington to a fictional island and beyond.In conclusion I would like to once again say that this is my personal favorite horror film of all time. I highly recommend this movie to any one with intelligence and an imagination. THE RING is an amazing horror movie, a cult favorite now and a cult classic in the future, a blockbuster, and so much more. The critics loved it and so will you, trust me. After her niece and three of her niece's friends mysteriously die on the same night, at the same time, but in different circumstances, reporter Rachel Keller (Naomi Watts), hears the rumors of a video that when seen, "curses" the viewer so that they die in 7 days. She investigates the phenomenon with the aid of her ex, Noah Clay (Martin Henderson). They end up seeing the video. Can they figure out a solution in time?For my money, although the Japanese "original" upon which this film is based, Ringu (1998), is worth watching, this Gore Verbinski-directed U.S. version is superior in many ways, having none of the flaws but all of the assets and then some.I'm going to do something unusual and examine the differences between the two films by detailing just a portion of one scene present in both. I think the examination reveals why the U.S. film is superior. The scene is the tail end of the opening, which results in a death. Here's how it goes in Ringu: Tomoko Oishi's (Yuko Takeuchi) television mysteriously turns on to a baseball game as she's looking inside the refrigerator. She looks up, above the door, surprised. We get a reverse shot. We can see the television through frosted glass in the next room. A steadicam follows her from behind, peeking around the corner with her. We cut back to her face, which is relatively expressionless. We go back to a rear shot and see her walk to the remote and shut off the television. She turns around and walks back to the kitchen, pouring herself a drink. We cut to a lower-angled closer shot. We hear a noise. A subtle fear crosses her face. She trembles. Cut to a close shot from over her shoulder. Suddenly, she turns around, frightened. The frame freezes and quickly turns a blue/gray-tinted "negative" color. Here's how it goes in The Ring: Katie Embry (Amber Tamblyn) is in the kitchen, just about to drink, when the television turns on by itself to static. She stops dead in her tracks, her glass just barely touching her lips. Cut to a close up of her slowly turning her head and looking at the television, horrified. Almost achingly slowly, the camera creeps around the corner to show us the television. We see Katie look for any sign of an intruder. She sees the remote on the chair, but no one is around. She hurriedly shuts off the television, then walks away, trying to rationalize the event. Before she can get out of the room, the television turns on again. She stops again and turns even slower. The camera slowly creeps into a medium shot of Katie, with the television and its static reflected in a pane of glass. She runs over and puts her face right next to the television. We see this from a fantastically skewed angle, which distorts the television screen, sticking one end right in our face. We get an insert of Katie yanking the plug. Sparks shoot out. Back to the skewed angle, but now the screen is blank. We circle around slightly. Suddenly there's a noise from the kitchen. Katie gasps and turns around. Slowly, she peeks into the kitchen, just in time to see the refrigerator door open by itself. She runs to shut it, now breathing heavily. She mutters to herself and begins looking around with a very subtle panic on her face. As she quickly turns towards the hallway, the camera rapidly changes focus. We cut to an interesting overhead angle on the stairway. Katie appears, peeking around the corner. She calls for her friend Becca. She trots up the stairs. We cut to a beautiful, extremely low angle of the upstairs hallway, which exaggerates the perspective. As we see Katie reach the top of the stairs, we also see water slowly flowing into the hall from beneath a door. The camera stays at the low angle until Katie reaches the water. We cut to a close up. She's scared and bewildered, then trembling. We get an extreme close up of the door handle as her hand comes gradually into the focal range. She grabs the handle. Another close-up of her face. Cut to the interior of the room--her bedroom. Katie flings open the door, horrified. With a series of extremely fast cuts, we see a snippet of the Ring video on the television set in her bedroom. Cut back to Katie. A super fast zoom to her distorted, horrific face. Then back to the Ring video in a series of quick cuts, before the entire screen goes to static.The point here isn't that the U.S. version is longer. Rather, it's to exemplify the attention to craft, from technical to emotional aspects. Verbinski's pacing is much more deliberate and varied, creating intense suspense. Bojan Bazelli's cinematography is breathtakingly beautiful. There is an obsession with details, from those that integrate and propel the story to those that are artistically striking. The construction is much more complex, but every shot is analyzed for relevance. Every angle exists for a reason. The ornate aesthetics amp up the effect of the story. This approach isn't unique to the opening scene, but occurs throughout the film, including the famed "Ring video" itself. The music is also better here, and is better integrated into the film. The performances are excellent, with Aidan Keller (David Dorfman) just as creepy and disturbing as the antagonist, Samara Morgan (Daveigh Chase). As would be expected for U.S. audiences, Verbinski includes a lot more exposition in his film, working in explanatory material from Ringu 2 as well as new material exploring Samara's history. It works well here, as the story is much tighter. Everything eventually fits together like pieces of a puzzle, and it gives the Ring video and the varied settings of the film more relevance. This is the horror movie with different kinds of idea to horrify you....through video tape... and the video that was kn the tape itself was very creepy and scary.... I first saw The Ring in 2006 while house sitting alone one evening. After seeing it in their DVD collection I decided to watch it to overcome boredom.Without really saying anything about the movie, it was a very disturbing experience all the way through, and after it finished I realized I had made a mistake to watch it alone in the dark at night for the first time. It was the most terrifying horror movie I had ever seen, with psychological effects lingering hours and days later. I was unprepared for what this film was about, which is why it affected me very deeply and I needed time to recover. I've watched it a few times since, and while the experience isn't as impacting as the first time, it's still an effective psychological film.This type of horror is definitely not for everyone though, because it's a rare moment of cinematic excellence that can really affect the viewer. With that said though, the filmmaker and crew did an excellent job. I never encountered a film like this before or since, and even compared to the original Japanese film, Ringu, The Ring wins hands down.I had hoped other films would raise or surpass the bar this film set. But in 15 years I've yet to see it. As a result, I believe this film will continue to remain among the best horror films of all time. This is the first movie that truly terrified me, I couldn't even finish it completely when it first came out.The movie is filled with bizarre visuals and amazing effects. Also, it has a beautiful atmospheric tone to the entire thing. A blue-ish hue with rainy/foggy weather. It really sets the tone.What a beautiful movie. This stunning American adaptation of Japanese novel "Ringu" bucks the horror movie trends of jump-scares and torture porn in favor of creepy, muted atmospherics and hypnotic psychological chills. Director Gore Verbinski and screenwriter Ehren Kruger move the setting to Seattle and the San Juan Islands, which Verbinski films in gorgeous, washed-out grays and greens occasionally punctuated by sunlight and blood, both of which are used sparingly. The effect is to make the film seem almost black & white, like the videocassette recording that kills you a week after you watch it. Naomi Watts leads a superb cast as the journalist investigating the unexplained death of her niece and perfectly combines both the grit and determination of an intrepid reporter and the growing fear and desperation of a mother trying to protect her child from a malevolent force she can't completely grasp. Happily, the movie doesn't try to wrap everything up in a neat package -- it gives you enough information for its central themes and mysteries to resonate hauntingly, but doesn't try to explain away every last detail. I dare you to watch this movie and not be afraid of your own TV a week forward. Or at least look at it with caution. As if it would betray you. As if you are afraid to happen to see something you shouldn't have seen.It doesn't matter how many times i see this movie, the atmosphere of it gives me the chills every time. The performance is flawless from everyone involved. It does not rely on cheap jump scares or shaky cam or the recent find footage trick. The find footage in the movie is actual find footage and is important to the story. Many horror-movies tried to copy its formula for the years to come. Iwould say that even paranormal activity was inspired by it. All fails to comparison to the ring. Only one that came close was the grudge.I've never seen the original Japanese version, but I never felt the need to do so after watching the remake, simply because I was satisfied and scared at the same time. A movie 12 years old that still captures you in the moment and gives you the chills. Thats an achievement! It's 12:31 am right now, and i just got back from seeing "The Ring". The movie scared the living crap out of me. The imagery and presentation was terrifying, and I may never sleep again! That being, the movie was masterful. Definately a must see.... if you don't like sleep, that is. The best thing about THE RING - and there's a lot of good things in it - is that this is a horror film that doesn't insult your intelligence. Forget about that "don't go in that dark place/open the door to the creepy axe-murderer" kind of thing. You won't get any of that here, I promise.Basically, this is a story "à la Sherlock Holmes": there's a murder (actually 4 murders). In comes Rachel Keller (Naomi Watts), the aunt of one of the victims. On the day of her niece's funeral, she meets some of the teenager's friends that tell Rachel about this tape. Rachel's also a journalist and starts investigating the murders on her own. The clues will soon bring her to the possession of the accursed tape. She watches it. Then, everything gets really creepy.The photography is superb! The movie has a greyish hue all over it, making the story even more brooding and menacing. The setting is Seattle, a city already plagued by near constant cloudy and rainy weather. You get the feeling that Verbinsky's been watching a lot of Ingmar Bergman and Kubrik as inspiration. The shots, during the wake, with Aidan framed by the corridors and staircase reminded me o "The Shinning"; also, the way time goes by is very much "shinningish".The plot takes us through the investigation, as we watch Rachel Keller putting together the pieces around this puzzling death. At the same time, she has to come to grips with her child - Aidan, who never calls her "mum" - and her estranged ex-boyfriend, Noah.When finally Rachel puts the puzzle together, it still doesn't make sense. We can't understand how did that tape got recorded in the first place. This was the reason some people criticized the film, but it goes to show that sometimes you don't need to show everything. Suffice to say that the murderer is not human.Kudos to the director and the crew, and also for superb performances all around. This film has a great dramatic depth and a lot of character development, even though the story centres more on the investigation than the synergies between characters. The plot goes around the mystery, with great editing. This movie has to be an ultimate classic, the way that they used an innocent girl and made into a grungy well crawler was magnificent. When I was watching I could see the genius at work, the close ups of Samara's ripped fingernail beds, and her water logged toes. Oh and don't forget the tape! The disturbing objects in her "loft" and the insects were just the best cinematography I probably I have seen in my life. Also the fuzzy television was lovely, and killing people by scaring them, brings a new freshness into the movie world. I just have to say that no movie makes me want to be smothered and pushed down a well like this one!!! Samara Morgan will become one of the classic horrifying murderers with her counterparts: Michael Meyers, Jason, Freddy Krueger, and Leather Face. Everyone should experience this amazing work, it is the best I have seen in years. All I want to say is that wearing a stained white gown and having Maryjane's that are too tight is the hottest look, of the season, can you say Fall 2008! This Movie is life changing and everyone should see it before you die! 7 days! It seems as if every decade needs an iconic horror figure. Be it the 1970's Alien, 1980's Freddy Krueger or the 1990's I Know Why You Screamed Last Summer at the Scary Movie thingy. Come the first decade of the 2000's and you get Samara – the creepy, crawling, neglected young girl who haunts people through video tapes and slithers out of TV screens.The effective 2002 American remake to the Japanese hit strikes a chord every time I watch it and still gives me the Willies every time I re-watch it on cable or DVD. It's a healthy mixture between thrillers and horror films, serving chilling delights for its target audiences on each and every twist and turn. It's almost hard to believe that the charming 17-year-old Daveigh Chase is also the girl behind the voice of Lilo & Stitch's Lilo. That thought alone scares more than this wonderfully horrific must-see ever will.Anyways, this film is highly recommended, but don't try watching it alone (or answering the phone while you're at it). If you love to be scared silly without any vulgarity or gore, this is a great film to turn to. I am an avid horror movie fan and I just ADORE this movie. Horror movies don't usually scare me, but after viewing this one I couldn't sleep for a week. And since it is basically clean except for a little language here and there and some scary images, anybody above the age of maybe 10-12, depending on if they scare easily, could see this film (maybe more or less.)The film revolves around Rachel, who finds a mysterious tape that supposedly kills anyone who watches it a week after viewing it. When she watches it, she has just one week to find out how to break the deadly curse. Worst of all is that her son Aidan and Noah, her ex husband, father of Aidan, have also viewed it. But with the help of Noah, she is determined to put a stop to this once and for all.I give this movie a 10/10 rating, because it creeps me out in a classy, psychological way, rather than gross and unnecessary things. You really start to care for the characters and find yourself not able to stop watching until the chilling end of this great chilling film. Before you die...You see The Ring:This is the most creepy scary movie I've seen in the last years.I had nightmares for quite a long time,this movie is definitely breath taking and i don't get scared easy,not at all.I loved the plot,the acting, the characters,especially Samara and the end is really good too.Definitely its totally worth see it,but don't even bother if you you are only interested in silly and bloody cliché serial killers movie type.The Ring contains one of the most terrifying scenes I've ever seen and I'm not gonna tell you which one of course just in case you didn't see it yet.The ring totally rocks and i cant wait to see the sequel in about 3 weeks and to see Samara in action again.Bravooooo For those of you who feel all high and mighty because you've seen Ringu and think it's better than The Ring, how would you like to know that The Ring is not even based on Ringu! If some of you would do some simple research or at least watch the other films that have come before The Ring, you'll see that a Japanese film named Ring Virus (or Ring) is almost identical to The Ring, far more so than Ringu. Ringu has a lot of differences in comparison to The Ring, but Ring Virus and The Ring share a virtually identical plot and characters.And at that, i'd like to say they are both superb films! The Ring does a great job at what it's supposed to do - scare the **** out of you. It's a psychological thriller and provides a compelling enough story to drag you in if you let it. As for some of the cultural translations needed to make Samara - a character that is shrouded in Japanese folklore and phenomena - truly horrifying, I think the American version couldn't have done a better job. While some give The Ring the cold shoulder with questions and confusion, I think it's important to come to movies like this expecting things you shouldn't be able to understand or ask questions about. It's called imagination. Suspended disbelief.And if you're really that curious about how Samara can make images appear on videotapes or make phone calls from a well, you can look into it for yourself.The best thing about The Ring is the more you watch it, the more fascinating and terrifying it really is. Having seen the Japanese version,its tempting to compare the two. But I prefer to think of them as two parallel stories in the same world. Which you prefer, is up to you. Honestly, for me, its this one.It starts with your classic Slasher scene: Two teenage girls in a big empty house basically outline what to expect in the coming movie. But before that scene is over, its clear that this movie defies expectations. More than that, it manipulates them.The imagery in it is really chilling. I'm talking insomnia inducing. Ever scene is surgically crafted to freak the hell outta you, and boy does it work. Our every fear is manipulated (long painful death, claustrophobia, bugs, being forgotten.) and I defy anybody not to be shocked at a particularly brutal scene involving a horse. The film looks unique, somehow washed out and hopeless, even in broad daylight.The effects are well done, but just subtle enough so that you are never really quite sure. Did you see what you think you did? Did she really look like that? Did she make the right choice? And thats the beauty of the film. You're never quite sure about anything. The lines between the heroes and villains are very blurred. And the one time you are sure, you're then proved very wrong.But the movie is really made by two scenes in particular. One, is the rightly lauded "Money shot", where the...villain, I suppose, appears. I saw it 5 weeks ago, and that still freaks me out. You have to see it to believe.The other is the last scene: Poignant, moving, and somehow the most horrifying of the whole film.Don't go alone. Or perhaps it would be best... I loved it, Samara has made a new horror icon for me. The Ring is so much better then Ringu! What was really scary about it, was when some of the scenes struck without any warning! Man ! When I watched it it gave me the chills and also, whenever the phone rang after I watched the movie, I always jumped and got those flashbacks !Oh God I even brought the movie, but in my opinion, The Ring was better than The Ring two. Because the first one was more creepy, more real. And no doubt about it that The Ring was better than Ringu!!! The video tapes were totally different, like The Ring had more scenes and details, but in Ringu shows like six scenes. Come on people!!!! This is Hollywood!! Let's just get right to the point. The Ring is the scariest horror film I have seen in 20 years. Horror has been enjoying a healthy revival since 1996 when Scream got everyone interested in horror again. That is a good thing. What isn't so good is some of the cheap crap that has come out since then. For every film like The Sixth Sense and Blair Witch, you have a plethora of other films that have no idea what true horror is really about. Too many film makers think the best thing to do with horror is make a rockin' hardcore soundtrack and give us buckets of blood because this disguises the fact that most of them can't pace a film or invoke true chills. Gore Verbinski's The Ring returns to the roots of horror and pays homage to the early greats like Halloween and Psycho but almost goes a step past the greats, not quite but almost.The Ring does something that only a handful of horror films have done, and that is it stays in your subconscious hours and days and weeks after you watch the film. Gore Verbinski and Ehren Krueger have combined to make a masterpiece of modern horror that goes beyond anything that has come out for the last twenty years. This film is that good. For a guy who grew up loving films like Halloween and Nightmare on Elm Street, I have been yearning for a film like this. A film that not only is a great scary film but a film that is a pure kinetic experience, one that makes me look behind me at my silent television sitting in the corner of the room. Is Samara there? When my radio begins to go haywire and search for stations on its own, is that Samara? This film gets inside of you and stays there. But it eats away at you like the nightmares that Malcolm McDowell is forced to watch in A Clockwork Orange. It attacks your mind and berates your senses. Samara is one bad ass villain. The Ring is a masterpiece and as I have already stated, this is the best horror film to come out since 1984 when Freddy Krueger stalked us in our dreams. The Ring may have it's roots in Japanese horror, but it owes much of its pedigree to all horror greats of the past, whether they are American, Canadian, Japanese or Italian. There is a bit of it all in here and the results are kinetic.When I watch a horror film, I know it is effective when that chill comes over you. Not the kind that makes you want to put a jacket on but the kind that literally starts from the nape of the neck and goes down the beginning of your butt. It's the chill that attacks your body and tells you that you are now at the mercy of the film and nothing you see from here on out is going to be expected. That is how The Ring is. The Ring had me scared. It had me nervous and it had me thrilled. Having fear envelop you is one of the most primal emotions you can experience. The Ring is a primal movie.There are a myriad of reviews in here that will tell you how amazing this film is, you should listen to them. This is a year that has been blessed with brilliant horror. With superb efforts like Mothman Prophecies, Frailty and now The Ring, 2002 should be known as the best year for horror films since the early 80's. If you only see one horror film this year, please see The Ring. If you want to be scared, see The Ring. It is a guarantee that this film will frighten and maybe even traumatize you. If films like The Changeling, The Shining and Halloween are synonymous with horror to you, then add The Ring to your vernacular.Oh, and you will never look at your television set the same again.And one final note. There is one infamous scene in this film, near the end, and I'm sure we all know what it is, and this is one of those scenes that will stand the test of time as one of the great images in horror films. I know horror aficionadoes will recall scenes like Hitchcock's shower scene, the bouncing ball in The Changeling, Michael Myers rising in the background at the end of Halloween, the head spinning scene in Exorcist, Freddy's tongue coming out of phone in Nightmare on Elm Street and Jason's first kill wearing his hockey mask in Friday the 13th Part III just to name a few. But *****************big spoiler here if you have not scene the movie********** when Samara comes out of the T.V., that is one of the most indefeasible and primal scenes I have seen in any horror film. It shocked me and thrilled me all at once. It is an image that will never leave my mind and it is just one of a plethora of scenarios that makes the Ring such an absolute masterpiece. My favorite horror movie series. I was never bored. It has a gripping story.It's a movie where I feel my time isn't wasted. It should get a higher score. A rare remake that improves upon the original film in several ways, The Ring is a tense and terrifying experience from start to finish with a fascinating central mystery at its core. It's a slower burn that some might be accustomed to, but it gives us an exciting ticking time bomb of a situation that escalates everything - 7 days after you watch a cursed video tape, you will die. We don't know how you'll die, but from what we've seen on previous victims, it's not going to be pretty and The Ring effectively uses this to build dread and tension throughout the film. We want Rachel (Naomi Watts) to figure out how to stop this curse before it claims the life of her and her son. Very well written; decent directing, great acting. The horror isn't immature, disturbing, sinister, or cliche. It's scary in a more serious way. One of my favourite movies of all time. Easily my favourite horror. 9.5 for me. 