In a few words: smart, entertaining, novel and intense thriller movie. Beautiful cinematography and excellent acting from the kids and Emily Blunt. Nice one for John Krasinksi for first time directing.
The hype was right, this is a thrilling film.
10/10 for the fun. I am Deaf. I realllllly enjoy it!! So it good for people who know sign Langurge and deaf. For deaf people have to watch that movie!!! So action and drama!!! 1) The actress who is deaf in the movie is deaf in real life
2) The aliens are BLIND 
3) The father couldn't shoot the aliens because he was DEAD when they figured out they could shoot them because their armour peeled back only when they got close to the sound from the hearing aid. 
4) For all the people bashing the movie because they didn't live next to the waterfall. How would they get all the materials to live and build there? Walk it in? Can't make noise getting there. Ok 
5) This is an interesting, intense movie that is science fiction people. These one star reviews from people are so irritating because it's like they wanted a documentary. I suggest all the people saying they are to smart and couldn't like it because of the things mentioned in the reviews need to stick to the discovery and history channel. Yes, I am biased for rating A Quiet Place with ten stars because I was born Deaf. However, I've had seen several Deaf-related movies and never gave them more than a star out of ten. What am I telling you is therefore as a Deaf person wasn't the only factor of my determination to settle this film with the rate of 10 stars.This film reminds me of my favorite post-apocalyptic book-"The Road," by Cormac McCarthy-and was made a movie based adaptation directed by John Hillcoat in 2009. It's a famous known story of the desperation regarding love, hope, and be appreciative of what you have, like one particular scene where the boy handed with a can of coke and the cheerful look of his father to precious that moment. Such a rare, powerful feeling that touched my heart and soul that still gave me goosebumps at this moment. That inspirational feeling finally triggered me in another way while I watched The Quiet Place. Every second of love between within a family valued is like finding a treasure with ten thousands of gold. It represented love as the most reliable kind of a drug you can get, and that's what enabled you to your survival at the highest point. (For those who mock me, by the way, John Wooden, the best coach in the history of any sports, who coached for UCLA basketball from 1964 to 1975. Not only he succeeded ten national titles in twelve years, but he also created Pyramid of Success, a display of a foundation to reach your success at peak. Even the validity and reliability of the Pyramid of Success are highly respected; John Wooden admitted his regret for not putting "love" anywhere in the pyramid. He stated that "love" is the most meaningful part of life and unfortunately, it's often overlooked. I used his statement here to justify the fact of love as an essential cornerstone of living, and the movies like The Quiet Place are great reminders.)Another thing, I love Millicent Simmonds. Herself as a person and her skills are marvelous. She already carried on through the barriers and brought the Deaf culture into Hollywood. She made sure that everyone in the film used American Sign Language (ASL) in the right way and treated it as a language. It's unimaginable for someone at 15 years old to do that. Her performance also reflected how Deaf children react when they're constantly pressured to wear hearing aids. Many of us hate wearing hearing aids and are tired of hearing people telling us how important to hear. In fact, Deaf children are already comfortable with themselves and now, hearing people who have no idea what's like being Deaf telling them what to do. You'll be surprised at how many of Deaf children wearing hearing aids for the stake of wanting to please hearing people, especially their parents. I love where her father refused to let her visit the basement because he knew that she wouldn't appreciate that her father devoted his work on reconstructing hearing aids. Another scene I love is where her father told her "I LOVE YOU" before he got killed. As I said, she tried to please her father for years. She still felt that the connection between both was somewhat missing. She gave up when she realized that it wasn't for her to reach her father for his approval. He had to show love for who's she as person. Look at how much she gained her confidence to step in to protect her family after she acknowledged fully the fact that her dad loves her. See the parallels between the film and the reality of life being a Deaf child. Funny and ironic circumstance: Alexander Graham Bell tried to develop hearing aids for his mother and his wife who were profoundly Deaf in the 1870s, but it turned out to be an inventor of the phone and founded AT&T in 1885. He saved everyone's life because without a telephone is unimagine for one to live nowadays. Whereas Millicent's father tried to reconstructing hearing aids, but it turned out to be an inventor of a weapon to kill aliens and save everyone's life. I want to thank the audience for your support even though you may don't realize. With the high rate and profits, that would encourage filmmakers to include Deaf people in their next films. It opens the gate for the Deaf people and to spread the awareness. 'A Quiet Place' very quickly became one of my most anticipated films of the year. Have liked Emily Blunt a lot in other things, have a lot of appreciation for the genre and absolutely adored the concept. One of the year's best concepts and one of the most brilliant and unique for any film. Seeing it, 'A Quiet Place' turned out to be one of my favourites of the year too, its positive critical reception more than deserved. Can understand though if it doesn't work for others, it is not a film that everybody will enjoy with its deliberate pace, very sparse use of music and dialogue and heavy reliance on atmosphere. Have seen many films recently that have wasted good potential and ideas or not quite fulfilling them. So it was refreshing and a blessing to have such a brilliant and unique concept executed in a way that was equally brilliant and as a film unlike any other seen by me. Was far too transfixed by the atmosphere and mood to criticise 'A Quiet Place' for lack of logic, plot holes (have never criticised a film for plot holes, find it a lazy and unfair criticism especially when it's the only thing mentioned in reviews that list them and say nothing about the film's overall quality) or not making complete sense. When a film doesn't transfix or engage me it is less forgivable, but 'A Quiet Place' was utterly transfixing from start to finish from personal view. It's a beautifully made film with a lot of style and atmosphere. Not everybody will like that the use of dialogue and music is sparse. That wasn't a problem for me, in fact it was appreciated and it worked really well. Actually think it was the right thing to do. Without constant music, the concept and atmosphere came through stronger, if the music was intrusive, obvious or repetitive they would not have worked anywhere near as well. Without constant dialogue, it let the actors' expressions and body language do all the talking, have seen horror/sci-fi films, and films in general actually, recently that have suffered from too much talk and exposition that it bogs the pace down and it's even more of a problem when the dialogue isn't good or interesting. Appreciated hugely that 'A Quiet Place' didn't go down that route.Luckily the acting benefits from having little dialogue, here it's a masterclass of expressions speaking louder than words. Emily Blunt is simply sensational in a very moving and expressive performance that is among her best. Millicent Simmonds and Noah Jupe also impress in beyond their years performances that one doesn't actually expect from actors so young. So does John Krasinki in a performance just as expressive, in a subtle way, and charismatic. In the director's chair, he shows a lot of confidence and great talent for mood and storytelling. Especially good about 'A Quiet Place' is the atmosphere, which smoulders from every frame and shapes every part of the story. The pace is a deliberate slow-burn but for me it was never dull. Parts of 'A Quiet Place' are heartfelt, others are quirky. But above all it's genuinely scary and unnerving, enhanced by tremendous use of sound design that generates unbearable tension. The monsters are incredibly nightmarish, actually takes a lot for me to feel unsettled after watching a film since getting older, 'A Quiet Place' did that for me.Overall, a superb film and one of my favourites of the year so far. 10/10 Bethany Cox Do not listen to cynical reviews it is from people who are so egotistical that they can't watch a movie and just live in the fantasy and story that your watching. Shade aside this film was absolutely fantastic my girlfriend loves horror films and 9 out 10 times I refuse to watch it because it looks so terrible or I do watch it and it is indeed terrible but on the odd occasion I'll see a trailer for something that looks like it could be a pretty cool story line, this was so much more than that! Way better than I had expected. It had me on the edge of my seat the whole time with my jaw hanging from the suspense.Reminded me of 'hush' from Netflix but it has si-fi monsters which usually puts me off but it's not super wacky so you can kind of go along with it. Deserves 10/10 because the actors were great it was cool to watch and a bit different with the lack of dialogue made the room feel empty and so easy to imerse in there suspense, I left the cinema feeling totally satisfied. If your into thrillers I would definitely recommend! Horror has been flourishing in the past few years with a number of releases proving you can actually scare an audience if you put the time and effort into the craft of a film. John Krasinski, most famous for playing the role of Jim Halpert in The Office, brings us a new horror in the form of A Quiet Place, and the result is one of the most intense cinematic experiences you could wish for.Evelyn and Lee Abbott (played by real life couple Emily Blunt and John Krasinski) live with their two children, Regan (Millicent Simmonds) and Marcus (Noah Jupe), on a farm. They live every day in silence to survive the threat of creatures that hunt by sound.The simplicity of the concept makes A Quiet Place such a fascinating prospect but it's the execution that excels it to soaring heights. Krasinski has crafted a horror film that grabs you in a vice-like grip from the very first shot, not letting go until the end credits start to roll, honing in perfectly on the use of sound and silence for some of the most intense sequences in recent memory.The fear factor in A Quiet Place comes from the tension and suspense Krasinski develops throughout, a true standout sequence being when a heavily pregnant Evelyn finds herself evading a creature as she goes into labour. It's moments like this one that had me gripping the arms of my seat and holding my breath numerous times throughout. Coming to the performances, A Quiet Place possesses the rarest of the rare in horror films with a cast who all deliver great performances. Parents should always be protective of their children but the situation they find themselves in here adds another layer to that and Blunt and Krasinski excel in showing the desperation they face to keep their children safe. Child actors always make me feel a little cautious going into a film however, both are very good here, Simmonds in particular. As a deaf actress, Simmonds adds an authenticity to proceedings and her performance is one not to be overlooked.There were a few scenes I wish Krasinski had elaborated on more but those are just a few minor issues I had that can take a back seat to the ingenuity shown in the crafting of a horror film that has the makings of a classic. It's worth noting that the entire audience was in total silence throughout, a sign that this film is well and truly having the desired effect. Yes, a notepad, so they can write down all of the plot holes and things to get on this website and chew up a movie....(sigh and shake my head)....gees, this world is becoming such a depressing place when folks don't even know how to watch a movie and be entertained anymore. 
My family and I watched this movie last night. It was scary and the tension was unbearable. We had chocolate chip cookies and sit in the dark and watched and enjoyed the suspense and was entertained..yes, it was entertaining! 
It was not the best I've ever seen. It had some things that even me and my family wondered outloud...'Hey, why did they..??' 
But gees people, quit taking freakun notes and watch the dadgum movie and be entertained. If you are so caught up in plot holes and unrealistic elements, you will never be entertained by a movie until someone manages to come up with a movie on the same level as Aliens or Shawshank Redemption or Lord of the Rings or A Few Good Men, etc. etc. 
So, forget all of the poor ol negative people in the world that doesn't have a clue about how to stop being a stinkin critic and watch a movie and be entertained and enjoy this movie for what it is. And what it is...is a real scary movie with tension and suspense that will have you tied in knots! Emily Blunt is one of the best actresses of our time and she is stellar. The rest of the cast, there are only 6 or 7 folks in the entire movie, do a good job. Special effects are great and it's a very original idea. So, thumbs up! This films use of sound as a character was incredible! I honestly was affraid how a horror movie could be a "silent film," (especially in our day and age of cinema) but it exceeded my expectations and I already planned on loving it! Every actor/character did an amazing noteworthy job in this film and I even teared up because how successful Emily Blunt and John Krasinski made me believe in their family! Thier bond is so strong as a cast that not one second was I bored or taken out of the world of the film! A+++ IMDBs "Factual Error" that States you can't die by falling into a silo full of seed corn is wrong. Around a dozen people a year die this way. Numerous newspapers list accounts of this every year. I'm from the Midwest & yes, it's a very real danger. First off, this movie was interesting and kept both my girlfriend and I on the edge of our seats.Basically, there are blind Aliens that Hunt with their super hearing, and a family is trying to survive. That's the plot, and it works.I see a lot of people looking too far into things with their IMDB review. In a movie with alien creatures, everyone's getting hung up on where/how the family generate the electricity? Really??Of course this movie, like all movies, has plot holes, or things that seem illogical, but I suppose that's why it's a movie aye. Overall this is a solid movie, and Krasinski did a good job for his directorial debut. Would I buy this on BluRay? Yes. A Quiet Place Review: As genres go, horror is particularly challenging to crack. It's easy to resort to cheap scares to get audiences jumping out of their seats. On the other hand, it takes an evolved set of storytelling skills to make them genuinely uncomfortable and fearful for the events unfolding onscreen. Actor, co-writer and director John Krasinski seems to understand this thoroughly, and the result is an unnerving film. The premise is intriguing What an absolutely well directed and produced film. Both John and Emily proved to be excellent actors. I can't get enough of seeing them on screen. John with this movie proved what an amazing character actor he is. Wow! It's not easy for me to like a film. I'm simply blown away with this hardly any dialogue movie. Well done to all actors! This is exactly what I look for in a movie. Thank you! Money well spent! It's not often a truly unique movie experience comes along. 'A Quite Place' is definitely one of those. Making his first big-screen debut, John Krasinski also served as co-script writer, and is the lead character in this film. Starring alongside his real-life wife, Emily Blunt, he delivers an earnest and engrossing story. At 90 minutes, this film immediately engages the audience in the narrative with only small bits of information on the actual backstory, and the story line remains highly focused and spare. With the story premise that sound brings certain death, that facet of the story is driven home in a powerful way within the first ten minutes. Krasinski plays Lee Abbot and Blunt is his wife, Evelyn. Together they are struggling to survive this constant threat on a rural farm. Rounding out this tiny cast is Millicent Simmons (who is actually deaf) is their oldest and deaf daughter. Her physical condition is woven into the story line. Noah Jupe, who already has an impressive acting resume, plays the middle son to great effect. Cade Woodward, also making his big screen debut, is the youngest sibling. Together they must adapt to living a silent life or pay the ultimate price.The movie is so effective because it immediately sets a level of suspense that is maintained throughout the story. The audience gets no relief and certain events only serve to increase the tension. It's extremely engrossing to watch and as a viewer, one is easily caught up in the potential for disaster at every turn. The term 'nerve-wracking' doesn't seem sufficient. You could hear a pin drop in the theater where I saw this movie. Because of this, the use of sound in the film is also played very effectively. With no real musical soundtrack, the use of Neil Young's 'Harvest Moon' is especially poignant and heartwarming. Industrial Light & Magic supplies the special effects which are kept to a (thankfully) bare minimum and this judicial use only enhances the authentic feel of the film. I found it best not to overthink the story line, as I began to envision a number of plot holes, but because the film is so involving, the viewer isn't given the opportunity to second guess any of the elements involved here. I did feel that this offering sort of paralleled a recent episode on the NetFlix series, 'Black Mirror'. Season 4, Episode 5 - 'Metal Head' contains a similar scenario where humans are being hunted; but the whole silence concept used in 'A Quiet Place' definitely sets this film apart. By far, 'A Quiet Place' is the biggest (silent) bang for the buck I've had at the movie theater in a long while. I really, really liked this movie. I didn't expect too much since it seemed the trailer showed most of the movie's premise! But I was pleasantly surprised as there is more to this movie than the trailer. WOW! I had to take my pulse about 1/2 way through just to see if my heart was acting the same as my psyche. The acting involved for every actor was perfect and each character was cast very well, imo. The appropriate "darkness" of the filming added to the suspense as well as the music (which was appropriately "back ground" enough to be relevant but not intrusive). And what an interesting premise! You come into the movie after some horrible stuff has taken place on earth, nice touch. And then you go from there into the smart storyline and directing. I have a renewed appreciation of Krasinski. The audience I was part of applauded after the movie "abruptly" ended. I like that kind of thriller roller-coaster, edge of your seat ride. Fun. See it. A well-deserved 97% Certified Fresh on Rottentomatoes. A Quiet Place starts off with a promising concept that basically if you make a sound, these creatures would come out and eventually slice you in half. This allows a fresh take on the film's storytelling through mostly silent sequences that once something does make a sound, it will effectively make you jump and make your heart beats like a running horse as you unexpectedly anticipate what's about to happen next. Once the film hooks you with this gimmick, the thrills only go uphill from there where it smartly builds up the stakes of this family, making it even higher and thus lowering their chances of surviving, thus leaving the viewers a more terrifying and breathless experience as the story progresses. Another selling point of this film are these grotesque, alien-looking creatures that look deliciously creepy and mesmerizingly frightening as well as the strong performances and well-constructed characters that you will actually end up liking and caring for their fates. Overall, not only does this film have a promising concept but also with its breathlessly terrifying moments along with brilliantly constructed characters and plot, the execution is just beyond and exceptionally horrifying. A Quiet Place is perhaps one of the best monster films ever made and easily the best horror of the year so far.>>A<< Great movie. Was very suspenseful. And great acting From the first frame, I was engrossed in the movie. I was jumping, biting my nails, and crawling under the seat - that was the power of the script and it's direction that I couldn't help but feel, knowing that it was just a movie. Should I say more!The alien attack could be an old premise but the storyteller ensured that this turn out to be a novel experience. Remember Tremors, the 1990s sci-fi. The Quiet Place took the concept of 'survival instincts' to a all new level. The acting was exceptional and the storyline tight. To some it might seem slow at the beginning but I'd say it was pacing gradually.I could not go on writing this review without some spoilers and so just grab your ticket. This going to be the edge of your seat horror movie of the year. I'm not going to spoil the plot for just go and see this if you don't see any other film this year this this one,it will scare you without relying on blood and gore WOW! This film would have been highly enjoyable just on its horror elements alone, albeit cliché. 
However the exploration of what I imagine is the main theme of the film ascends the entire experience to a new level. That theme being what a parent will do for their family. I found John Kransinski (the dad) to be overwhelmingly relatable, the same can be said for the whole cast honestly. This is perhaps what allowed me to feel so much for the characters. Never before have I felt so strongly what the characters are going through. Not trying to put you off but I felt intensely anxious almost the entire film, it was strangely enjoyable.
Even during jump scare moments I was never scared like I would be in other recent horror successes such as The Conjuring or Insidious. The film was nonetheless horrifying though. I mean this in the most positive way. This a horror about more than scaring the s*** out of you. It's a truly beautiful story set around an incredibly thrilling horror sequence.
A Quiet Place is just plain and simply a must see. It was so refreshing to see a film like this. If you were feeling tired or not in the mood this will certainly wake you up.i was on the edge of my seat throughout the entirety of the film and couldn't take my eyes of the screen. The best cinema experience I've had in a while and Emily and John are so good together in this film and it was nice to see them as they are a couple anyway. A great wake up call for this Horror/Thriller genre. Go and see this movie!!!!!! #AQuietPlace : A loud deafening thriller..!!Imagine yourself in a place completely deserted.. No humans or animals around.. A place where sound is the deadliest enemy you face.. A single wrong step, a single snap of your fingers will kill you.. A place where you can't sneeze, can't cough and can't do anything that makes a sound... Doesn't that sound scary already??"A quiet place" is one of the best thrillers I have seen in my life.. In fact it tops the list.. Dealed with absolute care and brilliance, it keeps you glued to the seat breathing in tense...Right from the start till the end, 89 minutes , the film carries the emotion beautifully without a drop in any scene.. It was executed so very well that creates a sense of silence in the hall where you hear your own breathing along with that of the audience..Mr. director and lead John Krasinski take a bow for this masterpiece.. And Emily Blunt you beauty, you never cease to amaze me girl..Watch this immediately in a theater near you for an ultimate thriller experience..!!#Thriller #Horror #BestMovie #GreatMovie #Silence #Loud #DeafeningSilence #JohnKrasinski #EmilyBlunt #MasterPiece #Hollywood #Movies #MovieReview #Review #DiariesOfKarthik I found this movie to be Thrilling and kept me enthralled. Very well done and nice film techniques. Amazing, disturbing and enchanting movie. Nice photography and intense acting. Tremendous all around movie. I am not usually a jump scare kind of guy but this one did it perfectly and I loved it. If Krasinski or this movie doesn't win an Oscar this year that vote was rigged. 