The best film in the era of Daniel Craig as James Bond. Supremely well acted. The best performances are by Craig, Dench and Bardem who are prize. Great action scenes, big issue that touches past Bond and M which little is known. Sam Mendes does a masterful job directing this installment of James Bond. Realmete with this film you can compare Danie Craig Sean Connolly.'Could we discuss the next part of your performance over that drink?' asks the glittering Severine (Berenice Marlohe) from a suave tuxedoed James Bond (Daniel Craig). And indeed, this 23rd Bond outing, superbly directed by the usually reliable Sam Mendes, does just that, pausing appropriately to settle down leisurely over a drink, for some flirtation, some tense verbal confrontation, some self-reflection and brooding just before cutting away to some clean-cut, thrilling action. The result is the uniquely named 'Skyfall' a Bond film so full of the vintage charm and charisma yet fashioned in modern, urban and instantly accessible style that it ends up being one of the finest films of the franchise.Yes, Mendes' film is a solid revamp of the Bond franchise, bringing in welcome dollops of humor, luxury and sensuality that went missing from the franchise with the last outing. And impressively enough, there is enough emotion without slowing things down, enough tension and action without making it too frenetic and the pacing is so, so perfect that you seldom feel the film falling short or dragging too long.Pretty much everyone would agree that the 60s were the heyday of the Bond films. Those Sean Connery-starrers were primarily all about the leading man and his ladies but each was fashioned with such a slick ease, wise-ass humor and layer-cakes of moments that we embraced them all as subversive classics. 'Skyfall' fortunately, is a film that reaches up to that caliber.Clearly, the best thing about the film is the pacing. Mendes is in no hurry to let the film unravel. The story begins in Istanbul, with Bond and his side-kick Eve Moneypenny (a sharp-tongued Naomie Harris, smarter than ever), chasing down a man with a list. The action scenes come in neatly and the opening pursuit shifts from a hectic bike chase on the rooftops to the cliff-hanging fight on top of the train and it all looks truly spectacular.The plot is simple enough- MI6 is under attack from a former agent- a renegade named Silva (Javier Bardem) who has a knack for orchestrating terrorist attacks with a simple click of the mouse. But trust me, this has to be one of the smoothest Bond outings in recent years; Mendes smartly and adroitly navigates the action from Istanbul to alternately grey and sunny London and from the stunning Shanghai to the villain's lair- ideally an abandoned island and finally in Bond's ancestral home in rural Scotland's foggy moors, setting the stage for a truly dramatic experience.And, boy, it delivers. For all the charm that it delivers, this has to be one of the most intimately dramatic Bond outing since ages. The plot is about how the ubiquitous computer can be used as a weapon for security breach but more importantly, this is a film that pairs both Bond and his nemesis in the same light- both are tortured souls, both were MI6 heroes who had been left for the dead in the name of protocol and duty and M, played superbly by Judi Dench, looms like a domineering matriarch over both the men. Silva's angst is against M's cold-blooded dedication to her duty, and Bond feels some of it as well but the latter clings to his morals out of loyalty to his nation. The stakes are downright personal and high and clearly each scene of action or searing tension feels immediate, urgent and the film gels with us on a personal level.But none of it jars. Smartly enough, everything is on an even keel- the action feels perfectly urgent but it does not stretch, the drama is poignant and painful, the humor comes in like a fresh breath into the taut proceedings and it all works impeccably as smoothly as the click of a mouse itself.'Skyfall' also proves quite what everyone is saying since 2006's 'Casino Royale- that Daniel Craig is the best Bond we had since Connery. This is a film where he is never as before- instead of the hardened, brutal action hero we were handed last time, here is a more relaxed Bond, clearly at greater ease, flirting with women and sparring with M and Q (an impressive Ben Whishaw) with equal dry charm and sarcasm. He makes his one-liners blaze and his quieter moments are played out with a subtlety. He rules the film without trying too hard. It is a solid, compelling act.And he is matched by the villain as well. Super performer Javier Bardem shows up in an unforgettable role as the menacing Silva, a man whom you might cringe at yet a character who stays with us as long as he is there in the film. He flips between smooth talking to a nasty edge with superb ease and his confrontation with Bond is clearly the highlight of the film. This is also an action film where the cinematographer also stands out. The work of veteran lens-man Roger Deakins is clearly one of the best things in this film. Deakins bathes each frame, from the action and suspense to the more reflective and emotional sequences with a fantastic play of light, shadow, shade, texture and perspective. Everything looks stunning, perfectly placed and in balance yet urgent and explosive.'Skyfall' is clearly a Bond film for the ages. The layer-cakes of vintage moments are perfectly underlined with a modern style- the scene between Q and Bond is a moment of self-reflexive humor, clearly revealing the generation gap between the two and the one between the new and the old Bond. Clearly, this is a film that has something for both the fans of old and fans of new. And that is a grandstanding achievement itself.Thank you, Daniel Craig. Thank You, Javier Bardem and thank you, Sam Mendes, for making me believe in James Bond again.Now, give us some more. Ah! It was worth the wait."Skyfall" is loaded with jaw-dropping awesome stunts and special effects, one of the most beautiful and tragic Bond girls ever--the stunning Bérénice Marlohe, and a brilliant theme song from the fabulously talented Adele and producer Paul Epworth lushly orchestrated by J.A.C. Redford. There is sizzling homo erotic tension between Daniel Craig's perfect Bond and Javier Bardem's Silva, a villain the likes of which have never been seen in this franchise. Dame Judi Dench's marvelous "M" is set up for retirement from the onset of the film. Dench, who has portrayed M for seven Bond films--a record- -is given the screen time she deserves to honor her character. While Craig's "Casino Royale" remains my favorite with its bloody and raw portrayal of the spy business and most tender Bond romance since "On Her Magesty's Secret Service," "Skyfall" is full and satisfying and among the best films of its kind released this season.It has been a long ride for the Bond series, since the creation of the character there have been 15 novels by Ian Fleming, plenty of spin-off novels, comics, cartoons and video games and the film series is now 50 years old. There have been an extraordinary 23 official films, but few as extraordinary as Skyfall.After a mission goes wrong in Istanbul, MI6 loses a hard drive containing a list of all NATO agents within terrorist cells, and James Bond (Daniel Craig) is presumed Killed in Action. M's (Judi Dench) competence is questioned and the Chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee, Gareth Mallory (Ralph Fiennes) plans to replace her. Making matters worse, a cyber-terrorist targets MI6 and M personally, getting a hold of the list and causing an explosion within MI6's headquarters. An older, more damaged Bond then returns to duty to serve Queen and Country, having to prove he is in shape before going on the search to find the terrorist.Skyfall is a long-awaited film thanks to MGM's financial woes, but it delivers. Skyfall takes a darker approach as we've seen with the past couple films and it's very character driven, yet Sam Mendes and the screenwriters still provide a massive injection of fun. Like most Bond films, Skyfall starts with an incredible chase sequence in Istanbul and continues strongly from then on, including a very stylish silhouette fight in Shanghai. The action scenes sequences were pristinely shot and practical effects were at the forefront.A challenge for the Bond series has always been real-world relevance. The series has faced down all challenges, from the end of the Cold War to the War on Terror. Skyfall tackles the changing nature of espionage. MI6 is no longer the shadowy organisation that the British government denied existed; it has to face the realities of the 24-hour media age we live in and the democratic accountability that incurs.The nature of the threats have changed, Bond faces a cyber-terrorist and along with the new Q, both could cause more damage than Bond can. In the real world, we have seen what Anonymous is capable of and seen how the Stuxnet worm affected the Iranian nuclear program. But there is always a need for people in the field to investigate. As M says, she is scared of this new world because many of the West's enemies are now faceless and nationless, and this element can work in the series' favour. Versatility has always been a Bond hallmark, which is why it is so enduring.Skyfall also goes full circle for Bond, as the filmmakers reintroduce popular characters, gadgets and humour. In Casino Royale, Bond is a young man who is bold, arrogant and reckless but can get the job done; in Skyfall, Craig is playing an older Bond who is both physically and emotionally vulnerable.The idea of an older Bond was briefly touched on in the unofficial film Never Say Never Again, but that was more to accommodate a 52-year-old Sean Connery being in the role. In Skyfall there is actual thematic reasons behind it. Craig gives another excellent performance, cementing his reputation as both a great actor and a great Bond, and the script treats him more as a character than an archetype. Along with M's character arch, the film tackles a theme of facing the past so it can be cleansed.The casting of Javier Bardem was a coup for the series and we as Bond fans are rewarded with a great villain. Bardem makes out Raoul Silva to be a man with seemingly camp mannerisms, but the master planner has a very sinister delivery. He has a complex, tragic background but he is not like other Bond villains looking for control, world domination, money or even self-preservation: he simply wants revenge.Skyfall is a great milestone to celebrate Bond's 50th birthday on film, and the Easter eggs for fans aren't overbearing, but rather nice touches. The last anniversary Bond film, Die Another Day, was a disaster and regarded as one of the worst Bond films. It felt like it had to keep referencing the previous films. Skyfall features a few major references to previous Bond films: Bond getting injured (The World is Not Enough), Bond faking his death (You Only Live Twice), the gun that can only work with Bond's palm print (Licence to Kill) and a similar villain to the one in Goldeneye. But these are references you would want to find, not being forced upon you.Skyfall felt very much like end of one chapter and the start of a new one. Mendes and the writers were able to reintroduce many tropes of the Bond series and still give them a modern and believable twist. For a film that has a 143-minute running time (the second longest Bond film), Skyfall never felt like it dragged and it was an exciting, entertaining film.Please visit www.entertainmentfuse.comSkyfall is a special James Bond Movie. Suddenly there was a 964 Astin Martin and Bond said "we're going back in time" to M, thats very neat. The story line has a car chase near the beginning, Bonds obituary shown in the trailer so no spoiler intended. There is Bonds road to recovery and testing. Bond thinks he passed by the skin of his teeth. The Villain brags that bond failed all of the tests, range, psychological, medical other. The bottom line is that the head of British Intelligence saw Bond as fit for the field. The screenplay is very good. One of my James Bond short stories was called Golden train with a fight on the top of a train tunnel and a sniper aiming at the train written in 2010. Commander James Bond celebrate 50 years of the Bond movie franchise with style the most successful movie franchise ever.It's James Bond's 50th anniversary, and the 23rd Bond film, Skyfall, proves that there's still some bullets left in his Walter PPK. The plot of Skyfall is simplistic, a hard drive containing the identities of every secret agent embedded in terrorist organizations around the world is stolen, but it's how director Sam Mendes turns the film more so into a chess match than a whodunit, that marks this entry. The flamboyant villain, Silva, is an aggressive mastermind, manipulating the actions of MI6 through cyberterrorism, forcing M, MI6, and Bond to play defense the entire film, trying to keep out of checkmate, and in the end Bond and M retreat to Bond's boyhood home, Skyfall, to try to get Silva to drop his defenses.The thing about Skyfall, is that it is different than any other Bond film before it. It's a somber experience, almost melancholy. It's not cranked up to 11, it's not a simple bad guy wanting to take over the world story, in so many ways it's a character piece. The biggest action sequence is the Istanbul opening where 007 chases a bad guy across cars, motorcycles, and trains, and the rest of the film gets gradually smaller and smaller in scale, until all that is left are Bond, M, and Silva. It's the way their pasts come back to haunt them that is the spine of Skyfall. Bond still clings to the death of his parents, M is questioning her past decisions to sacrifice agents when the ends justified the means, and Silva is bitter over M having sacrificed him on a mission long ago, like she does with Bond in the opening. Unlike any other Bond film, it's about the relationships that these characters have with one another that shapes the narrative and the action. Bond's trust in M is tested, leading him down a certain path of action, but then it's reinforced, and then he stops at nothing to protect her from Silva. That is the true brilliance of Skyfall, it doesn't shy away from showing the humanity of these characters, or how their actions have repercussions, but rather it shows how they use those repercussions to carry on and finish the mission.Daniel Craig proves he is once more a more than capable 007, utilizing a dry sense of humor to deliver lines that Roger Moore would have hammed up. Like he did in Casino Royale, Craig finds a way to make Bond relatable and human to the audience. In the film, James Bond is portrayed as slightly older, having lost his edge, and not necessarily hip with the times where espionage is mostly done by computers and not field work. As a matter of fact, Bond is injured throughout most of the film, not at his physical peak, due to gunshot wounds sustained in the opening. Therefore, he's not really a superhero, but rather a human being who is constantly outmatched throughout the entire film, but as he proves by the end, it's not age or old school methods that define the job, but his commitment to see it through. As well, Judi Dench delivers her best turn since Goldeneye, Bond girl Naomie Harris really adds some much needed levity at times to keep things from getting too dark, and Ben Whishaw fills Desmond Llewelyn's shoes as Q. The true standout performance though is Javier Bardem as Silva. He's not just creepy or flamboyant, though he is a man whose sexuality is in question, but it's the way that he fully commits to the role that makes every line and action that he performs creepy and flamboyant. His performance has been likened to Heath Ledger's Joker, but I really think Silva is his own messed up breed that Bardem plays so brilliantly, perhaps besting his performance as Anton Chigurgh in No Country For Old Men. Not to mention, the fact that the script really builds up his character, where everyone talks about him in fear, with him manipulating in the shadows for the first half of the film, so that when we finally meet him, we're terrified of him.All in all, Skyfall is a marvel. Featuring superb action scenes, a traditional Bond theme song supplied by Adele, one of the better scripts ever written for a Bond film where every character has an arc and a purpose in the story, and some of the most stunning cinematography ever shot for an action flick, Skyfall is a home run. Not only that though, it's a great, personal film that is smart, tense, exciting, and surprisingly emotional. It uses the 50 year history of these characters to stir the emotions in the viewer, and in so many ways, if this isn't your first Bond film, you will be even more rewarded for it. But quite simply, the Bond family has outdone themselves here. Skyfall is a true blue James Bond adventure that surpasses nearly every other film in the storied franchise.I give Skyfall a 10 out of 10!Let me say that I am am James Bond fan. I have seen all of the movies and multiple times. They have been a part of my youth from seeing For Your Eyes Only in a theater as a little boy and almost every other movie since then the same way. They hold an important place in my familial history as it's a common love of a good number of my clan who may not agree on much but sure love 007.Skyfall is the single most entertaining Bond movie I have seen in theaters ever. I can say this because as I am 34 I wasn't alive to see the Connery movies and of course they are considered (rightfully in my opinion) to be the gold standard.The ongoing problem I had with the franchise as a whole was that from my perspective the movies had become dull and boring. They were becoming parodies and Pierce Brosnan has just so smooth and snarky he just didn't fit the bill for what I wanted to see anymore, the issue was that I didn't know what it was I wanted until I saw Casino Royale.What I got in CR was Daniel Craig as a (dare I say it?!) rebooted Bond. He was newly minted in his double "0" status and learning his way through things. But Craig brought a brutality and a menace to Bond, something I'd always wanted because after all he is a KILLER first. I remember hearing the groans when he was hired and how the internet blew-up with scorn and fear and I kept hearing about Layer Cake and how that one movie had gotten him the gig. So, I jumped up and rented the movie and was simply riveted by the performance he gave; cold, calculated and straight-up cool. After that I knew that I was interested to see what they did and boy I was happy with the outcome.Skyfall sees Bond as a well footed and established agent, he isn't learning the ropes now, he's maybe now a bit long in the tooth for a field agent and coming to grips with what he and others wonder if he can do it much longer. It is this sense of humanity that I love so much about the movie. Bond is shot in the first 10-15 minutes and thought dead. He comes back to MI6 when Silva (Bardem) attacks and threatens the lives of M (Dench) and deep cover agents true identities around the world (typical Bond plot so far right?). The kicker here is that Bond is weakened and unfit for active duty but it is his resolve and intensity that is called for to save the day.To say that Craig is my favorite modern Bond is pretty obvious, he is amazing in a modern age in a franchise that has embraced a more realistic approach (no invisible cars here). It is Javier Bardem's Silva who is the truly remarkable performance here and needs to be seen to be appreciated. My thoughts on the matter are this: Silva is Bond's Joker in that he is the perfect mirror image of him. A former agent himself and just as cold blooded he is a true menace and a match both physically and mentally for Bond. Not sense Ledger's performance in The Dark Knight have I been this entertained by a villain. It should be noted that this is the first post-Dark Knight Bond movie and I think it shows in the writing and in the execution. We like seeing our hero's struggle with their own mortality and the days of capturing spacecraft with another spacecraft to try to start WWIII are over. This is a Bond movie that knows the history of the franchise and respects it but is throughly modern in it's approach.Some will say the movie lacks action, and while I don't feel it misses it I can see why they say it does. This isn't a ton of car chases or gadgets and crazy evil plan movie that people have become accustomed to and for that I think it's the reason so many are turned-off to it. It's more human and for the first time in any of the Bond movies makes James and M actual people. There is history here and there is a soul and that is the most compelling part of the movie.In summation this is the first Bond movie that isn't a traditional Bond movie. This could have been a stand alone film and stood up just as well without the connotation or expectation of what a Bond movie is. Sam Mendes should be commended for strong direction and for making this better than a Bond movie 10/10.Right, let's dispense with the rubbish I've had to endure over the last few months: "James Bond wasn't funny in the last 2 films". Oh, yes he was, you just weren't paying attention."Sam Mendes only ever does dramas, he'll be crap at action". Wrong again and Road to Perdition hinted on what he can bring to the table. Plus, if you had reservations about Sam, then you're an idiot! "Is this Daniel Craig's last outing as Bond?" No. He's contracted to do two more. In fact, why do people think this is the last Bond??? After the hype and mild disappointment that was The Dark Knight Rises, Chris Nolan will have to contemplate that he's missed out on the Big One here. Yup, Sam Mendes, Oscar winner supremo for American Beauty was by far-and-away, the only man for the director's chair (with a solid recommendation by Craig himself). What I love about Uncle Sam is that he's not afraid to be bold (we see more blood in this film, despite the 12a rating, but it's subtly done) and he's definitely found some niches with DC's reluctant hero (which Martin Campbell kick-started with Casino Royale). A pivotal ingredient of a Mendes film is the cinematography and with Skyfall, my jaw was dropping at Shanghai (a nod to You Only Live Twice). In fact, my jaw dropped a lot (and that wasn't even Bérénice Marlohe!) And despite the absence of David Arnold, composer Thomas Newman, doesn't disappoint. It's the 50-year-old debate: Who Is The Best Bond? Daniel Craig: 3 films in & by the time you see Skyfall, there is no doubt in my mind that DC's Bond is the most fleshed-out and three dimensional. His cavalier attitude, his down-and-dirty assassin on the mission, and a very affectionate lover of the ladies, are some of the reasons he scores all the ticks. Sean Connery just wisecracked and shagged birds, but had that physical prowess which DC has equalled, if not bettered; George Lazenby was more of a pantomime; Roger Moore started out well with his debut, but romanticised 007 to the point where he wore flares and befriended steel-toothed villains who were baying for his blood; Timothy Dalton brought back the hard edge Bond was missing and very underrated (kudos to Jason Segel who acknowledged him in I Love You, Man); Pierce Brosnan carried on that darkness with GoldenEye, which was sadly lacking in future outings, along with a suspension of disbelief audiences couldn't buy any longer. DC is Bond, he now owns the role. He's comedy timing is impeccable, his reactions to the littlest things will have you laughing and he knows how to wear tight fitting clothing (thanks to TOM FORD). More importantly, DC can act which is what this role demands...and if like me, you've all watched the Bond films (as DC & Mendes did), Skyfall has done a tremendous job in avoiding past mistakes. The screenplay acknowledges why James Bond is the World's Most Successful Movie Franchise. From the opening credits that references past entries, to Adele's amazing vocals (someone shoot Madonna & Lulu for me; oh and Jack & Alicia too), Skyfall is peppered with nods that may anger or erupt knowing laughter from its devoted fan base. For the record, I laughed, quite a lot.Javier Bardem as Raoul Silva, is probably the best entrance you'll ever see for a Bond Baddie. He is also by far, my favourite villain of the series and will be a hard act to beat. I really cannot say any more about Bardem, as he is one of many high points that Skyfall has to offer. A stroke of genius from Mendes to give him blonde hair (not only did he remind me of Scaramanga) but the hair does reveal a back story. Javier is proof that grade-A actors do get the best villainous roles, if they're written properly (remember what the Cohen brothers did for him a few years ago?) As I write this, I'm still grinning at Javier's comments...hahahaha! A great actor, just love him and so much going on in that masculine skull of his.Nothing will touch Bond. Sure, you'll have the wannabe franchises out there (did someone say douchebag, toothless vampires? Not me) who will claim to be the movie event of the year (more like non-event) and the likes of Marvel Comics may one day, catch up. Stan Lee has to look at the accidental success of 007 in relation to his own creations. Sure, I love Spidey, Captain America and Daredevil, but I'm not a sweaty arm- pitted virgin with a fondness for pies and acne; I'd much rather be the man who's dressed to kill, with a Licence To Thrill and smells of the most decadent cologne that my wages will allow. No shame in admitting my inverted snobbery and can thank Ian Fleming for that. If he were alive today, I'm sure he'd approve of Skyfall (considering it's an original screenplay that relies on his healthy diet of sex, guns, snazzy wardrobes and fast cars). Happy 50th birthday, James Bond (you don't look a day over 40!)Bond will return in October 2014 (I've already booked my tickets!)Both by the film's magnificence and the multitude of negative reviews for this Movie! And I'm not just saying this because I thought this was a masterful film, which it was, but because the reasoning behind these arguments is just ridiculous. From misconstruing what's actually happening in the movie to not being able to accept a change in Bond. First off, Bond wasn't made to stay the same forever, change is a real thing people, ACCEPT IT. Secondly, this is a story that's different than previous films. Skyfall is much deeper as it hits Bond's childhood and exposes his dark past. Sorry if this is too hard to comprehend so far.The plot holes that exist are minor and are really only noticeable if one is really trying to bash a film without real reason. The key to a successful film is if it depicts a moving story and enthralls its viewers, and if one does nothing but to criticize a movie without an attempt at appreciation at any level is, again, appalling.Away from the blind opposition, Skyfall is made great through its exceptionally well-acted cast on all sides, especially Dench's and Bardem's performances (I mean what do you expect). The cinematography is done exceptionally, because if Roger Deakins has anything to do with anything, it's gonna look beautiful, shown here at the Casino in Shanghail and especially in the building surrounded by neon lights. Thomas Newman is another veteran who does the score the justice that such an iconic theme deserves. The production design, especially between the Shanghai and Scotland scenes, adds to the momentous effects the film is able to create. The plot is more than intriguing, as it continues to develop and captivate the attention of its viewers more. Mendes has been an impressive director since '99 with American Beauty and Skyfall showcases his mastery is still applicable now.Do not let the negative reviews on here push you away, Skyfall is no waste of time and will create an experience that you surely will not forget soon.So, we have a James Bond film that stars Judy Dench, Javier Bardem, and Ralph Fiennes, along with a song by Adele. This movie should be a success.And, good enough, it is.The movie stars Daniel Craig as James Bond, but, to tell the truth, it doesn't seem to be ABOUT Bond. Yes, of course, he's the reason why we want to see the film, but the plot of the movie hardly revolves around him. Rather, Dench, who plays the Mother character, has a sort of Norman Bates-like fellow trying to kill her, and has herself and Bond in a vengeance plot that affects quite a lot of innocents.Speaking of the Norman Bates-like character. I love Bardem as an actor, especially the chilling role of Anton Chigurh in "No Country for Old Men". Here, the creepiness levels are through the roof; having an unhealthy obsession with Mother and cyanide eating at his brain, he's quite a twisted, but interesting villain.The references to older Bond films are genius. Everybody in the theater actually clapped when Bond's old car came out, and everybody laughed when Bond gave a cutting line about the Union Jack bulldog. And of course, Eve Moneypenny was another great throwback to the old days as well.Let me talk about Bond. Whereas before we had a cheesy, perfect, and charming 007, this time we have a complex Bond who is armed with only a gun (of course, a Walther PPK) and radio. It makes this Bond seem more human (or as human as a top secret agent can be) and he does have a sort of charm and humor about him one typically associates with Sean Connery.The plot itself is rather clever. While there are a few throwaway moments, like that woman working for Bardem and the new Quartermaster, they are usually enjoyable in their own right. The main plot is strong, seeing some of the inner workings of MI6 and it's connections with the British government.So, combine this with classic and new Bond themes, a brilliant changing of the guard in MI6, and some big name actors, and we have one of the best Bond films to date, up there with Goldeneye and Goldfinger. It truly balances out the bad films this year, and reenergizes a classic fictional hero.And frankly, I believe it deserves more than the 8.1 IMDb ranking it has at the time this review is being written.