The most thrilling movie I've seen in a long time. Neeson is what we would fear if James Bond went to hell and came back for revenge (I doubt big budget Quantum of Solace will top this). I loved Jason Bourne; but where Bourne is confused for half the movie, Neeson is looking down a barrel of a pistol 3/4 of the time. In a three way spy battle, I would put Neeson edging out Bourne, who would be a step ahead of Bond.Between the jaw-dropping action sequences was the subject matter of international trafficking, which was pretty miserable to watch. Although killing is wrong, death was never more satisfying to watch.I'm still under the influence of this movie, so my comment is likely to be superlative! I went to this movie, knowing that one of the writers and the director were both French, and since I've seen some not-so-impressive movies (almost fell asleep), i was really skeptical.BUT this one proved to be a great action movie. The best movie to compare with Taken is Hit-man. The idea is somewhat the same (lots of action, shots, flying bullets etc) - though the motive for the actions are not money. But the level of realism, the motivation of the character, the cold blood which moves him on makes this flick a good option to choose when selecting a movie.Liam Neeson does a great performance, perfectly interpreting his role of a former spy. As he says in one of his lines, he's "retired, but not dead", having an opportunity to show everyone what he knows to do best.The movie covers a hot topic too, kidnapping young women to force them to prostitute, and all the business this involves. You get to see the kind of people are supporting these arrangements and what it takes for the victims to be there.Of course, the movie has (very small, almost invisible) drawbacks, like some lines in a wrong language (english instead of french) and some Rambo - stuff, but the overall impression is simple: a strong recommendation!Gone to see Liam Neeson, I've just seen a great movie. Much action, some American humour (you Americans don't take it too serious, and that's just as pleasant taht way !), a Liam Neeson at the top of his art and as a background a very hard subject that makes you think about it (procuring). I don't know how the critics are reacting in USA, but in France they are vilifying this movie. So, whatever your American critics are saying, just do as usual : don't listen to them ! And enjoy this ninety-minutes show. Regarding Liam Neeson... Well, I am a huge fan, thus I can't be unbiased. Yet, I found his interpretation very convincing, he is still the same : one of the best actors ever, along with... Hum, I'll stop there, don't want to be controversial. Have a good sitting ! By the way, do excuse me for any mistake I could've made, as I'm French (I imagine you could've guessed it, since we are the lucky ones who are the first to be able to see this film !).I hadn't heard much about this film but it was on TV one day and I decided to watch it. I have now seen this film about 5 times and it is one of my favourites.It is full of non-stop action, shooting, fighting, car chases, you name it, this film has it. A 90 minute thrill ride. So gripping, leaving you speechless at how good the action on screen is.Liam Neeson is brilliant, he was born to play the role of Bryan Mills and he executed his role to perfection. Maggie Grace as his daughter was also good. The plot was fairly simple and a little bit predictable but the action was just amazing. Bryan Mills went to extreme measures to get his daughter back, you just knew he would do it, no matter how long it took and no matter how many risks he had to take. It was exhilarating, I couldn't take my eyes off the screen.It was a short lived film but I think that made it better, it just hit the spot perfectly. It was breathtaking. I could watch this film any time and it would still be great. I would highly recommend it to anyone.We're also left with one of the greatest quotes from a film - Bryan Mills "I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills; skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you." to which the villain replies down the phone "Good luck." - This is so memorable and really sets the film up for a thrilling ride.Overall, one of the best films I have ever seen. 10/10.Seeing as most revenge movies take place after a tragedy has already taken place and the "hero" has trouble dealing with the aftermath, Taken deals with a protagonist who takes his revenge while fighting to prevent the tragedy from becoming irreversible. I kinda felt it was a fresh take on the brooding and lonely "hero" on a suicide mission to get revenge, as in Taken he isn't really on a suicide mission as he has to make sure his daughter is safe and make sure she gets home. The fact that it tries to be authentic with both real world problems and a more realistic approach to the action sequences makes it very rewarding to watch as you keep rooting for him to save her and take out as many bad guys as possible. It's very clear he's the good guy and the bad guys have no redeeming qualities.All in all it works really well for what it is and feels very rewarding when watching it. It does a lot of things right no matter how accurate things are portrayed as it conveys them as though they are. A fantastic action/revenge movie.One of Liam Neeson's best performances. Taken was the movie that helped me discover that Liam Neeson is one of my all time favourite actors. It was brutal and gripping, with great cast. A 90 minute thrill ride for me, intense and action-packed. If you didn't think that Liam Neeson could be an action star, you were wrong. After Schindler's List, Neeson's performance in Taken is the most memorable of all his performances. I've happy that they're making a 3rd Taken film. The first 2 were great, especially this one. Taken is one of those movies that you can watch over and over again and not get tired of the action. I was surprised that Taken was an 18 certificate in the UK when I've watched films like Kick-Ass 2 and Prisoners which are rated 15 but have much more graphic violence in.No complaints for Taken, a definite must-see movie.Taken is an action movie full of suspense and starring Liam Neeson,who plays a retired CIA agent.Liam Neeson who has impressive skills, and tries to save his kidnapped daughter from Albanian web of prostitution and drugs,his adventure starts in Paris;he has a few clues but a prodigious memory, and with help of his CIA partners and after a lot of events an troubles,he finally found and save his daughter.the Movie doesn't have a lot of special effects but the plot was very very exciting and addictive,have a good music and the locations are wonderful,amazing and fantastic. In our opinion its a very gripping film, we recommend to everyone to like,action,suspense and mystery movies.YOU WILL BE HOOKED BY THE PLOTI watch it 3 times in the past few years, and still enjoy it.Don't want to spoil anything so I will keep this simple.I can't complaint on anything, and that is something very good to say about a movie.The story is very original. The main character is like James bond, but at the same time "the guy next door". Let's say a retired James bond. But unlike James bond movies, Taken is more realistic. Is like all could happen in real life. Maybe a few exceptions, but not a deal breaker.Even with a good story, the action also by itself is enough to enjoy it. That is why I can watch it many times and still enjoy it, like I watch Die Hard.You should watch it if you like action movies like Die Hard. My sister don't even like die hard and she like Taken. Maybe because Taken is even better than die hard? More updated? Who knows. But my point is that you might like Taken even if you don't like die hard.This role is the best for Liam Neeson. I love this movie and him. Everyone must watch this!This is the first time I am writing a comment on IMDb and that's because this movie has compelled me to do so. This movie shows how a thriller should b paced. But more than anything I loved the way Liam Neeson has portrayed the role of a protective father. Being a father myself, I could feel the pain in his eyes. He completely overshadows everything and everyone in this movie. Absolutely breath-taking!! Another aspect of this movie that I loved is that it has its heart at the right place. Superb acting, pacing and very believable storyline make this a must watch. I am going for 10/10 for this movie thats just blew me away.