This is a good movie if one is willing to overlook the hundreds, literally hundreds, of logical fallacies in this movie. Other reviews give a good overview of the plot, I'm not looking to do that here. I just want to point out some plot inconsistencies and/or the lack of critical thinking that the characters demonstrate. I will list a few of my observations below. 1. They go to a waterfall where they can scream as loud as they want and the monsters can't hear them. Why not live there? They could fish and collect drinking water near the river. The monsters would probably stay away from the area since the sound of the falls would impede their hunting ability. 2. When taking a walk, does anyone seriously let the youngest child of the group walk behind them. Why on earth would they let a young boy walk a hundred yards behind the adults in such a dangerous situation. They can't even correct the boy if he makes any mistakes, and indeed this results in his death. 3. How on earth did they get the corn planted? By hand? After 400+ days you wouldn't see corn in nice little neat rows like it was planted by farm equipment. 4. Since the monsters can't hear you if there is a loud sound nearby, why not bring out one of the downstairs speakers and blast something 24/7 on one of the nearby trees or on top of the house? The monsters would get used to the sound and leave the area alone, leaving the family to talk in peace. 5. What human with a brain wouldn't consider making a soundproof room. They could go to the city, get a bunch of foam, blankets, pillows, whatever, and plaster it around one of the larger rooms until they created an effective sound barrier. In the movie, a single mattress pulled over a walkway is an effective sound shield. Imagine how effective they could be if they put some ACTUAL effort into soundproofing the room. 6. Apparently the monsters can be killed by shotguns? The entire military was wiped out, with all the weaponry of the finest military in the world rendered useless against the monsters, but Emily Blunt shoots one in the head and kills it? Right. 7. The mother, Emily Blunt, is pregnant. Why would you bring a newborn child into this world, when the child will surely jeopardize the safety of the entire family. You know that babies cry right? Pull out or use a condom. 8. If the monsters can hear the faintest sound from far way, why do they have trouble hearing sounds that even humans can decipher at close range. A baby crying, a mother's heavy breathing, a persons heartbeat. All of these things would be loud to a creature that hear can hear footstep from a half mile away. 9. The mother's water breaks and she starts having the baby. She tries to contain her gasps and walks downstairs only to step on a nail on the stairway. She lets out a sound and falls, causing the monsters to hunt her down and nearly kill her and the newborn child. However, just in time, she is saved by fireworks designed to distract the monsters. Instead of removing the nail like any sane person, they just ignore it and leave it sticking up on the stairs for someone else to step on. Dumb. This movie isn't terrible, with great acting and a pretty unique backstory. But the glaring logical fallacies and the idiocracy of the characters made the movie completely unwatchable for me. The monsters don't really seem that formidable after further inspection, and if the family followed any of the tips I mention, they could live with little difficulty.It's difficult to make a good film about aliens who kill everyone who makes a sound. So they didn't even try.Why did they decide to have a child knowing it would result in certain death?Why did the dad commit suicide? Could he not have just thrown a stick to make a noise?I found myself rooting for the aliens at the end.If you have an IQ similar to a sock, you will love this.I also can't understand the fuzz about this absurd movie. The list of stupid, impossible things in this post apocaliptic world is endless.Full electricity power in a devastated world without any generator at sight that would make noise and attract the aliens
A couple that decides to have a baby who will cry, attract the aliens and have all the family killed in seconds
A house sorrounded by acres of corn, an annual crop. Who cultivated it within the last 6 months? 
A nail in a step pointing up. How that happened?
Aliens that could beat all the armies in the world but are killed by a single shotgun of a smiling mother that has just lost his husband?
This husband that only thinks about shouting loud to attract the alien that is about to kill his children instead of making a diverting noise like throwing a stone?
Emily looking sharp, blonde dyed hair, hands done, for months and months?
Sending your child to light fireworks in the open instead of switching on a radio or else?
All imaginable cliches. Everything so dumb and stupid. Not worth it.I honestly have no idea how this movie reviewed so well, as I was sitting there I was absolutely dumbfounded by the actions of the characters and how these 'aliens' could even beat an organised human army of the middle ages. They wouldn't even need swords, I reckon they could have gotten the job done with sticks and rocks. We are seriously meant to believe that aliens, with seemingly no sense of site or smell but incredibly hyperacuity of sound, beat humans? That is the first and primary stupid premise of this film. Sound is the easiest thing to manipulate, can be matched with opposing noise to cover and as we found out later they have an intensely disabling reaction to high pitched sound. SERIOUSLY? If we met creatures like that on an opposing planet, we would make them extinct. Set up a sound box, bring them in blow them up/shoot them when they get near. Put DOG WHISTLES on humans to disable them when routing the few stragglers, have loud speakers on an armoured vehicle whilst patrolling so they would attack that and the men could walk up close, change the pitch to very high and place his gun on its head for an easy kill. I mean honestly, the most manipulable sensation is the only one they have? And to add insult to injury, a shotgun blast clearly blows it's head open (so their armour or not so tough) and they emit electromagnetic pulses when getting near? There is no believable scenario in which these things would triumph over humans. I thought maybe these creatures had sonar capability, but no they are even more useless than bats.Secondly, the humans in this are so utterly stupid its not funny. So the backup plan to scatter the aliens away if they are on the farm..... light 5- fireworks to distract them for about 20 seconds. Something much easier- a remote speaker activated with an ipod? A FREAKING RADIO with remote switch? They have power in this film, yet this is the best thing they can think of?His death was contrived nonsense too. The only thing he could think of was to scream to draw the alien away from his kid? How about throwing rocks/the pick he was holding AT THE GIANT METAL SHED BESIDE HIM? Also, WHY IN GOD'S NAME WOULD YOU DO ANYTHING BUT GO TO AN OPEN FIELD WHEN THE CREATURES ARE CLOSE? You have a distinct advantage in site- running to a closed car COMPLETELY DISABLES this. Common sense would dictate when you think its close, crouch down, breath into your sleeve to reduce sound and keep eyes open. The alien will neither smell nor see you, and if you need to move that you can see it and go slowly, whilst trying to throw an object somewhere to make noise for a distraction. She is heavily pregnant and they build a soundproof room that's NOT EVEN SEALED properly. They have a mattress that goes over the trap door? Ultra dumb and tries to set tension later in the film. It just screams laziness when a horror film has to build tension through dumb and pretentious means that no human would ever do.I could go on and on. This film is terribly lazy in building drama, uses jump scares all the time, cliched in the family 'unit' (there are seriously people here talking about the great dialogue??? This film had decisively little dialogue in it, and was utterly vanilla. They were all stereotypical family members, I bet not one person can name a quirk or unique character trait of any of them). The humans are stupid and the aliens are an incredibly flawed invader- Arnold from Predator could make a whole bunch of traps in the trees like he did in that film and wipe them all out in an afternoon. Overall, one of the worst movies I have seen in a while.First, why is the young kid left in the store and following the family home 30 ft behind everyone? Why if you can talk and live normal at the waterfall and lake are you inland at your house? You mean to tell me that the entire world is wiped out and nobody thought to themselves let's crank up the volume on radio waves? Dumb movie.Brilliant idea. I had very high hopes for this movie. The more I watched it, the quicker I realized that I (and the three other patrons in the theater) had been duped. I'm not going to beat this movie to death by going into details... everyone else has already done that. The movie came with a message: women and girls are smart and brave and men and boys are short-sighted (stupid), cowardly, and bumbling idiots. Case in point: the father had in his possession a shotgun which (as we learn late in the movie) was perfectly capable of killing the monsters. Why he had never attempted this, we'll never know. Why the military wasn't brought in, we'll also never know. I agree with everyone else about stupidity of bringing a baby into such a world, especially knowing that it would be impossible to defend him against such a murderous creature, while also endangering the health of the mother during the birth of the baby. I also couldn't get past the young boy who essentially grew up in this silent, dangerous world but acts like he was just dropped in from a happier time and place. And the nail... stair treads get hammered down from above, not up from underneath! Unbelievable. Equally unbelievable are some of these reviews. Totally fake. They all read very similar. Pretty sad.So many questions and so many illogical and nonsensical things in this movie. 
If the sound is so important and if the batteries for the toy are so important, why leave the batteries on a table next to the toy and leave the room, dear GOD!!! Of course a 3-year old doesn't know any better.
Why did earth get conquered by creatures whose weakness is high-frequency sounds and who can get killed by a shotgun blast to the head?
Why does dad think a mattress is enough a fortification for the basement and why are there freaking apples on a mattress xD?
Why did dad have to die screaming instead of, oh I don't know, throw his axe in a metal shack 5 feet away from him and silently walk away with his kids??
Why do they decide to have a baby in this hideous apocalypse, a baby that has to scream when it's born so all of you get killed instantly?
Why is there a nail stuck in the middle of the damned stairs?????Characters are so stereotypical and so forgettable it's painful. A good caring dad and a good caring mom, a rebellious teenage daughter and a coward younger son. Cinematography is nothing to write home about and the music in some places was unnecessary, pulling you away from the usually silent experience. 
Movie also additionally salts the wound by blatant jump scares.As I'm writing this the grade stands at 8,2, disgusting and unfathomable. Open your eyes people and use your brains. This is an appalinglly bad mystery thriller movie.Stupid beyond belief. Be very quiet (not to tell anyone you paid to see this crap) or be very stupid if you want to spend your money to go see this crap... or at least make sure you get paid by the studio like imdb's reviewers apparently do.Even the slightest sound will kill you so what would more sense than go scalping for food with a 5-year old? The answer here seems to be to make sure not to have a care in the world what the toddler is up to. Later on I the movie after Disaster Dad and Family have gotten the 5-year old killed, Disaster Mom and Dad decides to bring another newborn into the world... we never see this scene but it might have worked with a John Cleese cameo: "No sound, please. We're British."And then there's the transformation: Disaster Mom turns out to be everybody's favorite superheroine Miracle Mum. A big nail up your foot while about to give birth and being chased by a monster... not a sound, of course, and the birth giving is also done in complete silence, naturally! 
I say, anyone for tennis?In case you didn't notice it the first time around and if you should ever find yourself in a situation where you have to re-watch this movie, like in Hell's Waiting Room, notice how the monster - as it waddles down the stairs - is making more sound than Donald Duck singing Jingle Bells on a Christmas Morning without it affecting it in the slightest. It's a cool power to have, that... immune to one's own sound. Somewhere along the movie, probably in the middle around the 4 hour mark, I started thinking, if only they could find a nice place by a river where there would be plenty of fish and natural sounds, preferably near a waterfall that could muffle all human sounds... Dear God, it was so bad on so many levels... How about the writing on the wall. Q: "What is its weakness?" A: "Sound." Funny, that.Still, not zero but one star for being slightly under 9 hours long (it didn't feel like a minute more, at least not to me).This movie could be over with a stuck car horn and an assult rifle. Then, you mix in teenage drama and getting pregnant. Like that would even be an option in this arena. Worst movie I have seen in a long time. The premise is flemsy. The characters behavior was stupid. I really can't believe this script actually got greenlighted. I have never commented on any movie in my life, but after watching this lit fart I had to speak out. I will NEVER trust a rating again.Three out of three of us found this film b o r I n g and pretty
poor. A simple premise, alien creatures, looking very familiar ( which film set were they borrowed from ? ) hunt by sound, they cannot be heard if there is background noise I.e a river or waterfall. So why not live by the river and have a normal conversation ? But no ? Repetitive killings ensue. Why I ask myself would anyone get pregnant and produce a screaming baby, when you know certain death awaits you ? Really ? ( bad enough giving birth under normal circumstances ! ) 
Quite honestly, I am appalled at the low quality of films of late that are given good write ups by all the media. O
Another wasted evening, not to talk about the money, mercifully not too long ! 
Sticking to Sky Atlantic & Netflix for the time being.