Someone remembers the movie Skeleton Key (2005, with Kate Hudson!)!? Well, Get Out is basically the same plot, whereas in Skeleton Key the transferring of the soul or whatever is done with black magic in Skeleton Key a neurosurgical procedure gets the job done. So the plot is mostly (besides the well-done clash of black and white folks culture) a copy cat (as Skeleton Key plays in the deep South we got also a little of the element of black/white culture contrasting).If I would have to choose one of both movies for a cinematic night I would watch Skeleton Key again - the dark atmosphere is far more superior and the suspense also. Also, the end is far more delicate.Get Out has some strong points - good actors, good production and especially the strange circumstances and the growing paranoia of our hero are well done. On the other side, the movie has some weak points too - imo the (re)solution is hasty done, also there are some (important) mistakes - how our hero got the stuff into his ears, as he was bound to the chair!? And the brother didn't see the stuff in his ears - he was clearly checking if the "sheep" is asleep and knocked out. Also didn't our bad girl see (in darkness!) the blitz of the phone - she should know that the possession/control or whatever of the host is broken, so she would never give the gun to her "grandfather". Also the comedy- element is a mixed up experience - some of the subtle comedy elements I liked, tiresome for me was the black buddy stuff cliché: comedy Kitsch zillion times done before - it was (partly) funny with Eddie Murphy in the 80s and maybe you got away with it in the 90s but now...And whereas a good horror-movie mostly has a bad end for the hero (Kate Hudson loses in a certain, surprising kind of way the struggle for her life), the director didn't have the guts to make a "good" end - ofc our hero should be shot by a cop or ride the electrical chair. Why!? Because the mad comrades of our good evil family would ofc "delete" all pieces of evidence of crime there will be just one solution left - our black guy would be sentenced for mass murder, or who would believe his story, as many "decent" white folks would testify against him!? Btw - isn't that the point of a racist society!? ;)This p.c.-ending is imo too much of fishing for compliments or sucking up to the common mainstream agenda - and a good horror movie should everything but be p.c.In short - I was entertained and I like many aspects of the movie (especially all the actors), but in my horror collection Get Out won't make it into the top 100, maybe top 250 but even that's not for sure. The script/the story just is not good enough. Get Out: a little "horror" snack (the horror-elements are just a few, it's more a comedy and thriller). Not more but no less. Because all this biased overrating I rated 1, my real rate is 5.note:imo the political agenda or bias of many of the reviewers and the votings (with black actors as main characters) is ridiculous - masterpieces like Blade Runner got a rating of 8.2 or Apocalypse Now one of 8.5 and Get Out got 8.1... I've become accustomed to subtract 2 to up to 3 points (deciding if I watch or not) if a black actor is involved as the main character(s) - not because of racism but because the ratings are f***ed up and I can't trust them (like all those fake reviews and ratings in the beginning of any movie initiated by the studios) - Get Out is just another proof of this hysteria.A rip off of The Skeleton Key. The fact that Peele stood there at the Academy Awards all emotional in his speech, acting like he wrote the script is ridiculous. Universal made both pictures, that's why there's no plagiarism law suit. It's a good story (TSK is a much better movie though) and with the gender and ethnicity of the main characters switched (white girl vs black family doing vodoo in the Skeleton Key) and after Oscars So White, it hit the Zeitgeist. That's fine. But Best ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY for Peele? What a joke....In this era of disposable entertainment where we have no cultural memory (and, I fear, no cultural future), and people are living only for the next best thing, is there no one who recognizes that this movie is almost a head-on remake of Ira Levin's The Stepford Wives (1975)? Substitute racism for sexism and mix liberally, no credit given to the original author. The fact that not even the Academy could recognize the wholly derivative plot shows how far we have fallen as a moviegoing public. In all likelihood, even Jordan Peale probably believes he wrote an original script. He didn't. And that's what's terrifying about Get Out.There is no way this movie could have a rating over 6. There is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING NEW in this movie, no new concept, a fest of cliches, even the twist was almost a copy of another movie "Skeleton Key", which I did not enjoy even. And if a movie calls its own genre "thriller" or "horror", then the movie should keep some level of atmosphere, to make the audience tense up to some point. Not saying that the atmosphere was even there, it was made even worse by inserting some random jokes in between the movies, which of course wasn't even humorous. And the character development was the worst thing in this movie, as some character shows passionate caring attitude and all of the sudden he/she turns into a complete psychopath. It was so abrupt that he/she would even change the way he/she speaks to a person that's not even supposed to know something happened. One of the key evidence that this movie was made without brains.  Let's just be honest. The movie makers only cared about making profit. Mixing horror, comedy, and not forgetting to insert white-is-evil rich-is-evil theme inside with a black person as main, so that you can call all negative reviewers "racist" (and sorry, I'm not even white). Then using some way to make people spam positive reviews, most of them which I highly doubt even saw the movie. I honestly think more effort, money was spent on making positive reviews rather than the movie itself. Hence the "low budget" movie.This movie is absolute garbage. The only acting worth mentioning is the main character's and the overall plot seems to be written by an angry black teenager. The "racism" theme you find here isnt anything related to the real world like 12 Years a Slave or Django Unchained. I have no idea what granted Peele an Oscar for this film. Ive seen B movies much better than this and seeing someone go from comedy to Director you'd be 100 times better off watching A Quiet Place directed by John Krasinski. This movie left me feeling annoyed in the fact that ive wasted money and time on it; even The Emoji Movie is more entertaining than Get Out.
Save yourself and read a synopsis and skip the actual watching part. 0/10 if i could give it.This has got to be one of the most OVER-RATED crappy movies that I have ever seen...100% on Rotton Tomatoes basically tells me that someone has either been paid quite a bit of money to buy a bogus review...Or somebody has sold their soul to the devil...Daniel Kaluuya And LilRel Howery Were The Only Good Elements To This Stupid Movie...Daniel's acting was good...And Lilrel Howery was actually quite funny...Plus I did like the revelation surrounding the lead character's girlfriend...The fact that his girlfriend was using herself as bait to lure people into this (so-called) nightmare was a very nice twist...Other then that...This movie is idiotic and stupid...First of all...The main character was an idiot...Because once he realized that snapping a picture with his cell phone would bring black people back to reality...He could have had himself a lot more backup...So he gets the moron of the year award for that alone...And then there's the most pathetic excuse of a so-called surprise twist ending that many fans actually enjoyed...The ending to me felt more like an offensive punchline to a very dumb joke...Putting old white people's brains into the bodies of black people so that the superior white minds can control/possess the bodies of black people with superior body genetics..??Even Adolf Hitler would have found this idea to be extremely stupid and moronic...Combine Hitler's idea of creating a master race...With that old concept: "If you can't beat em, join em"...And you got this stupid movie...I can't wait for the inevitable backlash that this movie is gonna get in the long run...That's what I'm hoping for anyway...Because Either I Have Bad Taste In Movies...Or Everyone Else Does...Because "Get Out" Sucked...And That's All There Is Too It...Really disappointed. Totally predictable movie. Some parts really dumb, like the one at the police station when all agents laughed.
In short, this movie is a waste of time.This movie has the worst plot I've ever seen in a horror movie. It's right there with all the Jeepers Creepers movies. The fact that white people want to use black people for their own personal happiness is what really gets me. This is seriously the highlight of the movie. Somehow all white people want to use black people for their bodies. Another form of slavery with a terrible horrible film twist. Not only is this premise terrible overall, its very unbelievable. A skinny tall flat chested/ no butt white woman seduces black men and takes them home to become her parents experiments. And somehow no one goes out to look for their black family members. No one cares. People just go missing after dating a white chick and no one cares. Oh yeah at the end of this movie, the black guy someone how survives and his friend comes to his rescue in a cop car. His friend wasn't even a police officer, he worked in an airport. This movie is a complete WASTE OF TIME! It sucksCan't think of a good reason to recommend this.A black guy visited his white girlfriend's family estate only to discover the family's dark secret. What would happen? Could he survive? That premise drew me to this movie.The movie seemed suspenseful, but concluded poorly. As the dark secret unfolded, I noticed some similarities in concept between a movie released over 10 years ago and this one. After I finished watching this one, I realized that a movie released over 10 years ago could wipe the floor with this one. That movie released 10 years ago is called The Skeleton Key.The Skeleton Key has a perfectly dark ending, whereas this movie has a happy and funny one. Happy ending? OK. But being hilarious is a big Nono. It completely ruined the horror built up during the first 1 hour of the movie! What is the point of having the black police officer coming to Chris' rescue? What is the point of having this funny character in the first place? The movie would have been 10 times better without him!Instead, the ending the audience got was rushed and underwhelming. The black police officer out of nowhere appeared and rescued Chris. When asked how he had found Chris, he simply said he had relied on transportation network to track Chris. Situation handled! Really? How funny.Perhaps the filmmaker ran out of ideas and didn't even know how to conclude the movie. Personally, I would have loved to see a dark ending. The white police officer who appeared earlier in the movie would arrive and arrest Chris. Rosy lying on the ground with gunshot wound in her belly would scream for help, framing Chris for murder. After all, Chris touched the gun and his fingerprints were on it. The movie wished to express the oppression of black people in a white society, right? Chris getting locked up and prosecuted would suit the theme perfectly. Nobody would believe his story. The ending would be even better if Rosy was rescued and set free, continuing to ensnare black people for her cult white secret society's harvest and sacrifice. Wouldn't that have been darker, more logical and exciting?The current ending is awful. It completely ruins the story. This movie is awarded 1 star for decent acting. Recognized the lead from Black Mirror. He's really good.Seriously, when I watched this, it had an 8.1 rating. I wonder why. I mean, has this movie been watched only by people who have never seen classics before? The acting is not natural, the story line is incomplete on all accounts and the entire movie is totally predictable. It's a combination of a couple of movies combined. But the story line is as unoriginal as the title itself. And then suddenly the story switches from the friend point of view, where it seems to want to become a comedy, but it never really does. This is not a horror movie. Seriously, it is insulting to all horror movies ever made to be called a movie in that genre. It is a thriller with some horror filled seconds at the most. It is never scary, it is never really keeping you on the edge of your chair. And on top of that, it's never believable. Especially the 'transplant' part. I mean, hello, it was about hypnosis, remember, and why all the white people want their brain cut in half or something and become a different race. How does it work keeping both identities alive? The other black men and women seem to just be in some kind of trance but who's inside? the husband of the older woman? and did she pick him for being a hot young black man, or what? I notice it irritates me to write this actually. it's badly written and directed, racist and stereotypical and just misguiding of genres. Want to see a good movie? Want to save some precious time in your life? Then watch anything but this.