Reading all these reviews about what a "Masterpiece" this movie is makes me wonder if I missed something or if I'm just stupid. If you're someone who's raving about how creative and revolutionary this movie is, you're either just trying to fit in as a horror movie snob or saw a completely different movie. Seriously, I sat there through the first hour of the movie and wondered if I somehow walked into the wrong theater and was seeing a different movie. The pacing is incredibly slow, and I understand that the first half of a slow burning horror film like this one is supposed to build suspense, but unlike other horror flicks this film keeps you waiting and waiting and waiting for absolutely nothing. The only positive thing about this movie is the acting. The movie does have good performances from Gabriel Byrne and Toni Collette, although I don't feel her acting is "Oscar worthy" like people are saying. It just makes me wonder how desperate these two great actors must have been for a paycheck. This movie was marketed as something that would make people rethink what horror movies are all about. In the end, there's nothing to spoil about this movie because nothing happens. The plot develops extremely slowly as a poorly written family drama. Then in the last 20-30 minutes the director must have remembered that he was supposed to be making a horror movie and just slapped together an ending full of countless scary movie cliches that left everyone in the theater scratching their heads. Someone at my showing actually said out loud when the credits began to roll "wtf was that movie" and everyone laughed.I get that cinematography wise this movie is supposed to be brilliant, because it does look pretty good. But good visuals aren't enough to save a boring movie with a poorly put together plot in my opinion. I've seen a few other reviewers on here mention how people in the audience were laughing out loud during the "scary" parts of this movie, and I can say that most of the theater I was in, including myself, was filled with people laughing and loudly cracking jokes at how cliche and confusing the ending of this movie is. DO NOT waste your money on this movie. Stay home. Spend time with your family. Read a book. Spend 2 hours of your life doing literally anything except for watching Hereditary.Do I live in the Twilight Zone or something? I'm completely baffled if this is what people consider:"A modern day horror masterpiece." (USA Today) The reviewers of this movie are either delusional, been paid off, or Ari Aster himself because there is absolutely NO POINT TO THIS MOVIE. No destination. A soulless automaton disguised as a profound mediation on: "An unsettling look at the demons we have inherited from our parents." (Vanity Fair)Wow, what a great one liner right? The things a talented filmmaker could've done with this simple seed of an idea, an idea that permeates, connects, and could've been a genre defining masterpiece but instead I was given:Paper thin characters. A plot that had no trajectory. Laughable performances from the whole cast. Horror imagery that served no purpose other than, this looks scary! Style over substance. Toni Colette, you've disappointed me dearly. Thought I was in for an Oscar Award Winning performance and what I was left with was a comedic rendition of what it truly means to be an artist. You talked about giving your soul into this character and all I saw was a performance with no intention. This is the same company (A24) that released "It Comes At Night" and "The Witch," two other mediocre horror movies billed to be the scariest films of all time when they were released. It was one of the worst experiences I had in a theater and in film in general. People were in uproarious fits of laughter throughout the 2 HOUR RUNTIME for what was supposed to be:"Terrifying." (Indiewire) and "Bone-chilling" (The Hollywood Reporter)Clearly Ari needs help with his storytelling skills. He has technical finesse, but technicality is nothing when compared to a story with nuance and insight, something that is emotionally compelling and moving. The movie had the depth of a puddle after a drizzle. The trailer is probably the best part of this movie. Watch the trailer and save yourself the money.P.S. I literally made an account TODAY to review this and I never post reviews. I'm a huge horror fan and thats how awful and disappointed I was at this movie. Never trusting review sites again.Wow what can I say? I've been anticipating this film since hearing about it from Sundance. The problem with critics and the buzz surrounding this film was that it was way too hyped to the point where I was expecting the holy grail of terror. What me and my audience got was a decent and compelling start that crash lands into a comedy of errors. The film was just not terrifying nor was it goosebump inducing. I just stared blankly at the screen feeling muted and emotionless. I love slow burn horror and films that are filled with dread. This had a very good compelling premise but somehow the director decided to go artsy fartsy surreal pretentious in the final minutes of the film and boy did my audience groan and laugh. Trust me it was not nervous laughter but the kind you hear at a Farrelly brothers movie. Wait wasn't this suppose to be a horror film? How did it suddenly transform into a lame campy Mommie Dearest meets Rosemary's Baby unintentional comedy? Everyone booed and hissed on the way out of the theater. Literally the worst ending to a genre movie in ages. I was waiting for Natalie Portman to come out in black swan smeared kabuki make up and make some kind of cameo. This generations Exorcist? These critics are seriously deluded.Word-of-mouth from paying moviegoers will not be kind. Avoid unless you are a film student or love movies with godawful endings. I can see this being a Rocky Horror type of flick where audiences mouth click throughout the film and yell howlers at the screen like "Don't you ever raise your voice at me, I am your mother!!!"After such hype about this film and all the amazing reviews I was so excited to see a decent horror. This isn't horror, at all. The only plus point is so good acting as most of this film is a slow drawn out family drama, It has one of the WORST endings to a film, like completely pointless. I feel for a joke they put this film out as a project to see how many people would be tricked in to seeing it with enough media hype. You will never get this 2 hours back of your life, do literally anything instead and it will be time better spent.I hated this movie
Everyone else in my screening hated this movie
Everyone I know who has seen it hated this movie
How it's IMDB score is as high as it is I don't know!
This is my first review on IMDB and I felt compelled to write it to warn people because it was so bad
Half an hour in, it was so slow I was battling to stay awake
I didn't particularly care for any of the characters
As Toni Collette descended into madness I found her highly irritating
I only made it to the end because I had gone to see it with people - if i'd of been on my own i'd of walked out at the point I referred to IMDB to see how long it was and saw it was 2hrs 7mins!If it was knocked down to about 80mins it would probably be an okay-ish movie but it was more like torture having to sit through it for what seemed like forever!Boring regurgitation of every horror movie that came before it. I watched in stunned disbelief, hoping it would be saved by the third act. Instead, my wife and I were laughing out loud and the mounting stupidity. To have the talents of Toni Collette and Gabriel Byrne, two actors incapable of giving a bad performance, and to have the result be this messy wannabe Twilight Zone episode is an utter catastrophe. Anyone who compares this mess to horror classics like The Exorcist and The Shining needs to have their critic cards revoked.I'd post spoilers, but there is nothing to spoil! Worst use of two hours in my 46 years of existence.This movie was utterly terrible, I went into the theater thinking I was going to see a good suspenseful horror film, I was wrong I sat there trying to get the main points of the plot. The film had a prolonged plot which to me was dragged on, to get to an ending that was terrible to me at least, also I feel the film could of had a better meaning and plot, very disappointed in a film that has a high rating on the IMDb scale.I don't know what movie these other reviewers think they were watching, but the "Hereditary" I saw that starred Toni Collette was just awful! If you're looking for a slow-paced, yawn inducing experience, this is the movie for you. It starts out with a good premise, but SLOWLY yet most surely, it manages to droll through a vague and desperate "I'll bet you forgot Rosemary's Baby" storyline that culminates in the rebirth of some silly demon king that is made complete only after he receives a proper Jughead-styled crown. Don't waste your time or money. Don't read reviews from stupid people. Trust me.I can not believe the false positive reviews. The movie is slow & it is more creepy than scary. I fell asleep in this movie, twice. There is a huge buildup to a absolute let down. No one walking out of the theater liked it. Please save your money. I give it one star for the cinematography.Don't wast your money - it's artsy fartsy - not scary at all - so many errors - I can't believe the reviews but the audience in the theater laughed through the second half and the end is literally a JOKE!