There were so many things wrong with this movie i have trouble keeping them all straight. But one thing that really bothers me is that if Jigsaw was the one laying on the ground in the bathroom, what happens if Zep never shows up? What if Zep was killed by Danny Gloover before he made it to the bathroom? Does Jigsaw simply just get up and walk out? Could the guy in the middle of the bathroom not be jigsaw, but another part of Jigsaw's game? What if Zep killed the wife and kid, how does Jigsaw get him the antidote for the poison if he's lying in the middle of the bathroom? Why does the doctor wait till the last minute to finally cut off his foot? It was too late, it was after six and as far as he knew his wife and child were already shot dead, it wasn't the best time for heroics. These are just a few questions i had about the film, but i may be missing something or everything as i have only seen the movie once. Please Help!There are some actors who are terrific no matter who's directing them. (Paul Bettany, Denzel Washington) There are others who are irredeemably awful in absolutely anything (Ryan O'Neal comes to mind). And then there are guys like Cary Elwes. He was dynamite in The Princess Bride, every bit as swashbuckling and fun to watch as Errol Flynn. He shines in ensemble pieces; equally convincing as the desperately manipulative Thomas H. Ince in Peter Bogdanovich's pathetically under-seen The Cat's Meow and as a fat, balding, prissy theater producer in Cradle Will Rock. Of course, it helps that all these are good movies, which the generic horror flick Saw is not.Not that it doesn't try. It's got that grinding, industrial-metal soundtrack, to get us all edgy when the film itself cannot. It's got those hyper-motion quickcuts, the same kind used in the remake of Thirteen Ghosts, which at least knew how lame it was, and was thus easier to take, with tongue firmly in cheek. Perhaps using the gore factor (which there isn't much of; Shaun of the Dead was gorier than this) to patch up some gaping, 747-size holes in the plot, Saw cheerfully telegraphs the shock moments, using some halfway-clever plot twists that almost make sense at the time but on second thought—what a mess.Anyway, here's the set-up: A kid named Adam (Leigh Whannell, who wrote the script) wakes up in a nasty old bathroom chained to a huge pipe in the wall. Opposite him is Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Elwes), similarly chained and even more confused. Between them lay a dead man, his head apparently half-blown away, holding a gun in one hand and a tape recorder in the other. It's all revealed to be the work of the "Jigsaw Killer," who devises unique life-or-death scenarios for unsuspecting, flawed folk to work their way out of or die. (Set this in a giant, three-dimensional Rubik's Cube, and you have the much more intriguing Cube; set it in another unnamed city with Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman hunting a deranged Bible-nut, you get Se7en—Whannell has obviously seen and studied them both).So Adam and Dr. Gordon are trapped together, for reasons that are calmly explained away in a series of flashbacks. The goal: Gordon must kill Adam with whatever implements are at hand or else his wife and daughter will buy the farm. And yes, in a toilet stall they find a couple of hacksaws.Nothing is what it seems, of course, and I have to report that I saw the final denouement coming from the first twenty minutes. The enigmatic "Jigsaw Killer" is a lot like the alien race out to destroy humanity in Independence Day: faceless and just plain bad, bad, bad! Kevin Spacey's genuinely chilling John Doe from Se7en may have been a fairly one-note character, but at least we were given reasons for his psychosis—and what's more, we believed them. Saw's killer is given a perfunctory motivation, but it all rings as off-key as the acting.First-time director James Wan wastes Danny Glover as a cop obsessed with the case, and his demise is a complete let-down. He delivers some nice, gruesome moments, but since I saw (pun not really intended) them coming, they're not much more than Pavlovian audience buzzers. Judging by the general crowd reaction, Saw will get plenty of word of mouth help from the high school set, make a nice, tidy little profit, and since a sequel has already been announced, old Jigsaw will likely be around torturing people for no apparent reason for some time.(This review does not necessarily expose the plot of the movie, however it may change one's expectations of the movie and thus make for a less enjoyable experience.) Ever rented a scary movie, expecting to be on the edge of your seat in fear, and instead ended up howling in laughter at each and every stupid turn of the plot? This movie had so many opportunities to impress and actually scare the viewer. It was cut poorly and jumped around too much; making references to the past seem more like excuses as to why the plot was heading in its particular direction. The writers must not have thought about how the potentially excellent plot should have been carried out, because the poor construction of time throughout the plot is discouraging to the viewer and makes the movie increasingly tiring to watch.Almost worse than the writers having abused what could have been an excellent and classic thriller was the fact that it gradually relied on cheap tactics for a scare. The acting didn't make it scary, and the situations hardly made it scary, therefore it needed a few dark scenes with things jumping out at you to make it worthwhile. Even those were predictable.Not even the gore could've saved the plot, and it rivals the gore of the successful thriller Se7en.Speaking of Se7en, I feel like Saw tried to follow Se7en's incredibly fascinating psychological theme, but failed miserably in doing so. I was terribly disappointed in the lack of analysis and plot structure surrounding the psychology of the killer. The beginning scenes tease the viewer into thinking that this is a psychological thriller; believe me, it is far from that.Oh, did I mention poor acting? At first, Cary Elwes seems makes a convincing performance; however, this completely deteriorates at the most crucial parts of the plot. I was left in tears of laughter at this performance, which is worthy of a Razzie. The performance of Leigh Whannell is also terrible and too played-out, although not as bad as the performance by Elwes, and the big red flag with this is that Whannell is also a writer for the movie.The end of Saw could never make up for having lost the entire middle of it, and that is what makes it a huge failure. It was an opportunity wasted, and I have no clue as to why Monica Potter and Danny Glover chose to take roles in this movie.I am mad at myself for wasting money on just renting it. It was definitely not worth the $4, and in the future I will definitely avoid seeing anything having to do with Elwes, Whannell or James Wan. The big tragedy in this is not that it lacked basis to its plot, it's that the great potential storyline was thrown away and poor acting added insult to injury. I'll avoid the poor puns involving the title and just conclude with this: don't watch this movie.This was the most unrealistic movie I ever seen.I can't believe that the writer and director didn't see that almost all the movie looks like a SF one.For example: 1. It is impossible for the killer to stay on cold glaze and after 10 hours to get up so quickly.2. You can't get electrocuted trough a water pipe like in the movie.(believe me, it's my domain)3. With a saw you can cut 10 pipes in 10 hour very easy. Let's say that the chain was made from steel but the water pipe was rusty and it was made from iron.4. If you try to cut your foot with a saw you faint (in the best case, it's more likely to die because your hart fails) before to get to the bone(shin).And there are more other examples.This movie is a poor attempt of an "intellectual" horror movie. I was shocked to later learn that the movie had received box office acclaim and a 7.5 rating in IMDb. Don't know which ones worst the plot or the intelligence of most people who thought this movie was great. It looked as though the writer was up late one night watching an episode of Survivor(while flipping channels to MTV where Nine Inch Nails were playing) and subconsciously thought to himself "What if the challenges were sadistic, I could turn it in to a horror movie". Clearly didn't pay attention to the storyline as it was littered with loose plots. Completely pretentious and a time waster.SEVEN (or "se7en", whatever) was a really good film. The killer (Kevin Spacey) was presented in such a way as to challenge us, the audience, about what we really believed about the nature of good and evil, and the status of those concepts in our current society. His madness was affective (with an "a") because of the degree of method it involved. He was a smart guy who had really thought about what he was doing and honestly believed that he was right. That we could ~almost~ (that's the key) identify with him, made him all the scarier, and all the more thought-provoking.Unlike seven, SAW is pure fluff. This movie has nothing of consequence to say about anything. It has pretensions of being in a similar vein as SEVEN, but any similarities between the two movies exist only at the most superficial level. It's like writing a harlequin romance in iambic pentameter and comparing it to Shakespeare.The movie has all the typical elements of a provocative psychological thriller, but without any unifying principle to legitimate them. There are plenty of bizarre murders and plot twists, but in the end the only point behind any of it is gratuitous shock value. (Picture the filmmakers prodding you in the arm, saying "That was some pretty messed up sh*t, huh!?!?") I especially disliked the murder sequences that looked and sounded like Nine Inch Nails videos. It's works for about 2 1/2 seconds, at which point you ask yourself "what exactly is the point here anyway?".Unlike Spacey's character in SEVEN, the serial killer in SAW is just some old guy who's angry at the world because he's dying of cancer. Thus he decides to punish people he feels are taking their healthy lives for granted, by coming up with twisted "games" in which they're forced to kill or mutilate themselves or others to remain alive, the "lesson" supposedly being that one should value one's own life over everything else, including the lives of others. In my opinion, this is a shallow nihilistic philosophy that's about as "profound" as Nazism. Overall, SAW is a pointless exploitation flick that is nowhere nearly as interesting as it pretends to be.I have to admit that it's not entirely without craft (I have seen worse movies - WAY worse, in fact), but the end result I found to be primarily irritating for the simple reason that SAW DOES NOT DELIVER THE GOODS. If it didn't promise them in the first place, this would be okay, (I probably would have given it 5 or 6 stars), but as I have been arguing, that is not the case. I could overlook the plot holes and hackneyed genre conventions if the movie professed to be frivolous entertainment and nothing more. But it doesn't! It tries to pass itself off as a truly disturbing and "serious" film. If this is the criteria by which SAW is to be judged, it fails, miserably.Unfortunately, the lowest I can go on the rating scale is a 1. Never have I seen a movie with such a GREAT premise and promising directing lose so much because of the acting. Carey Elwes was extremely disappointing for such a seasoned actor. I mean this was suppose to be a scary movie and I couldn't help but laugh at the over dramatized way Elwes told Wannell he would send help to get him. Wannell's work wasn't nearly as bad and he's a newcomer. Overall, this could have been a great movie given some better actors, major script adjustment and WAY more than 18 days to shoot. I mean give me a break!!! You've got two guys chained at the ankle on either side of what appears to be a bathroom and a (supposedly) dead guy in the middle of the floor and you're telling me that neither of them, one being a doctor, notice that he's breathing?!?!?!? What did he do, hold his breath for 8 hours?!?!?!?Comparing this movie to Se7en and Silence of the Lambs is just plain ridiculous. Sam Raimi did a better job with The Evil Dead his first time around.The only thing scary about this movie was the acting.Whenever I write a review my conscience tells me to think of all the talented people who put so much time and effort into their project. "Be fair" I hear it say. On the other hand, thinking of the readers of these reviews, there are times when a dose of brutal honesty is the only option.Director James Wan and actor Leigh Wannell co-wrote Saw, therefore they have to accept the burden of culpability for what I can only describe as one of the worst films I have ever seen. This is quite remarkable considering that the opening denouement promises so much as we find Mr Wannell waking up to a living nightmare. He and fellow actor Cary Elwes find themselves chained by the ankles on either side of what can only be described as the bathroom from Hell with what is presumably a dead body between them. The only clean object is a clock on the wall. Ticking. We look forward to a psychological drama......what we get instead is a convoluted story centred on a character known as Jigsaw, a sadistic evildoer who gives his victims the chance of life if they are willing to sacrifice others. This is explained to us via flashbacks... lots of flashbacks. This gives us the opportunity to see Ken Leung as Detective Sing and his partner Danny Glover as Detective Tapp in a double act straight from the Lethal Weapon school of acting - which is actually remarkably good compared with our two leads trapped in the bathroom who are gradually running through every emotional gamut in an effort to convince us of... What? Well, this is where the problem lies. We have spent one fifth of the running time trying to establish characters, plot, development, direction. We have nothing. Mr Elwes, playing the part of a surgeon and Mr Wannell as a down-at-heel photographer have both tried tension-breaking comedic, breaking-down emotional and shouty. We shall leave them for a while as they bond, fall out, solve clues, fail miserably to escape before their deadline etc. Meanwhile we can continue with the flashbacks and find out just how easy it is for our two inept detectives to bond, solve clues and go after the homicidal maniac all on their own...Oh by the way, did I mention Zep, the rather sinister hospital orderly, or John, Dr. Gordon's patient with an inoperable frontal lobe tumour. How about the good doctor's wife Alison and daughter Diana? Well they all pop up in the inevitable flashbacks. Eventually everybody, doctor,wife, daughter, policeman who is still alive, photographer, patient, extremely patient reviewer get together in a Grand Guignol finish... Oh sorry - you want me to save one-hundred minutes of your life? Here goes. Doctor has to kill photographer by six o'clock in order to save his wife and daughter who are being held by orderly who has been poisoned by maniac who will only give him antidote if he kills doctor's wife and daughter. Detective, who went insane after maniac killed his partner, is paying photographer to follow doctor who he thinks is maniac. Orderly fails to follow through due to not tying doctor's wife properly, detective arrives, fights orderly, speeded-up car chase a la Keystone Kops - no idea why. Both end up in the sewers, detective dies. Doctor loses concentration, realises it is now gone six. saws through his own ankle, shoots photographer but fails to kill him. Drags himself out of bathroom. Reviewer loses concentration. What we thought was a dead body in the bathroom turns out to be patient John aka Jigsaw who gets up and kindly tells photographer that key to padlock is in bath - same bath that photographer emptied of water at beginning of film thus leaving him trapped there. John/Jigsaw leaves.To sum up: a film with sadistic overtones, poor acting, what we can only presume to be an unfinished script, ludicrous plot and loose ends inevitably leading to sequels which, fortunately for all of us I shall not be either viewing or reviewing.Whilst IMDb offer no clues as to the ages of reviewers I feel fairly confident in declaring that most of the people who give this film a vote of seven or more would be below thirty. It would be interesting to see what would happen if they all came back in twenty years and revised their votes...Well, to be honest I have seen worse movies.....but not many. I was "fortunate" enough to see this movie at it's Las Vegas sneak peek a week before it opened. Needless to say I did my best to forget it, but after seeing a sign for "Saw" at the local dollar-movie-theater my friends and I began to joke with my friends in the car about the wretchedness that simply was this film. An interesting concept, at first glance, but in retrospect there are a lot of films about serial killers that a far better than this and the only thing that is interesting about the idea is that this murderer is just a little more artsy and creative. Once you get past the acting of Leigh Whannell the first five minutes minutes aren't bad, but then it's all down hill from there. From the cheap hypertension/pop out scares to the cookie cutter chase scenes, this movie blows.......hard. Typically I enjoy Danny Glover and he has given many worthwhile performances. He was definitely the best part of this film, but he was phoning the whole thing in......logically that can tell you what the rest of the movie was like. Whannell is completely awful throughout and made my nuts hurt, just watching him attempt to act. Typically when someone hears you make such a critique they say, "Oh yeah, like you could do better?" Well, in this case I would have to say, "Yes." Cary Elwes, who I also typically love, is so bad in the last scene of the film that I began to question whether or not it was SUPPOSED to be funny. The acting was certainly as bad as the directing and script. If I do have one good thing to say about this steaming pile of monkey shirt, it's that all parts are equally terrible. How anyone could put this movie in the same class as Se7en or any of the Carpenter, Craven, Hooper, and Barker films is beyond be. This film is pure excrement. When this comes out on DVD (which will probably be in a month) save the two hrs it takes to watch and teach a k under privileged kid how to read. Save the twenty bucks and give it to a homeless guy, cause him buying a bottle of vodka with it is better spent than buying this movie.I saw this film in seventh grade. And liked it. i even brought myself to comparing it to "The Silence of the Lambs" at one point. How? i don't know. I thought of it in such a way i even showed it to one of my friends about two months later and told him it was better than Dawn of the Dead. For this i should be tarred and feathered. BUT, upon this second viewing, i started to notice things. Things that I didn't notice the first time. That viewing took me to a place i have only been to on two other occasions, but I won't get into that now. I'll just say that when the movie was over i had to apologize to my friend for lying and rethink this movie over and over.The first aspect of this movie i hated was the editing. Are we watching MTV or what? i beg one of you readers to count how long the longest shot in one of the escape scenes is. You won't touch 4 seconds. Maybe 3. Perhaps the tension would build a little bit if the camera relaxed and waited for a human being who is not on speed to catch up with it. At least that way we know what we're afraid of instead of picturing the 1/100 second flashes of the "scary things".The acting was atrocious and not in a charming horror movie way. The second leading man can't do a thing to cover up a British accent and Cary Elwes gave one of the worst performances in cinematic history. Why would the casting department hie a man who can't give a cry of pain to save himself from a real cry of pain. And Danny Glover? Does anything even need to be said? YES! What a bad role for even an "only good in one movie(Tenenbaums)" actor. We see know descent into madness. This is most likely because of the poor and pathetic writing or the sub-par performance given for a sub-par movie.Come to think of it, I can't think of one actor in this movie who I'd like to see in anything else unless they were playing a struggling and out of work actor. Ironic?Now for the development flaws. I'll start with the obvious one. how can it be that two healthy men can sit in a room for hours with a dead man WHO IS BREATHING? Do they expect us to buy that? An idiot maybe(Which isn't saying much for Saw fans). Not to mention that they spent a good amount of time near the beginning of the film focusing directly on "the dead man". Next, the killer's whole "philosophy" about how he doesn't actually kill people, he causes people to kill themselves. What? My metaphor is that if you put a landmine in the front yard of a day-care center and wait for recess, you didn't do anything wrong. It's the kid's fault they walked onto the landmine that you put there. Who honestly thinks this makes sense? Be honest. Also, this killer claims to give everyone a chance to get out of his traps. But Dr. Gordon has to kill Adam in order to get out and save his family. This gives Adam what kind of chance? On the tape, never does our killer mention a way for Adam to be saved. This goes against his whole philosophy. The flashback in which the girl is let free: There are numerous things that bother me about this sequence. For one, the principle that i applied to the Adam situation applies to the drugged stranger laying on the floor with his stomach cut open. Also, the cancer-ridden killer is somehow able to rig up a "creepy" doll to ride a tricycle and turn its head? That's just unrealistic for lack of a better word. Last but certainly not least, she later says that he helped her. Why? Because he got her off drugs? I know about drug-addicts and an experience like that would not want to make them do less drugs. And this helps her better than, say, rehab? Also, if this helping principle is applied to every case, how does it apply to Dr. Gordon and Adam's situation. Will killing a virtually innocent human being help a man with his infidelity problems? Cheating on your wife is not nearly as bad as killing a man. Apparently, I disagree with the killer. Too bad. What was Adam's wrong-doing in the first place?Why would a man who is just an orderly at a hospital who appears to be the killer at first, but soon is rectified take pleasure in tying up a mother and daughter at gunpoint? Not only does he do that, but he listens to the girls heartbeat as he points the gun at her mother's head. What was cause this guy to think that his killer is the only possessor of the antidote to his poison? I'd rather go for help hoping that the cure isn't Tridium. And even if the killer DID have the only antidote, how would a cancer-ridden old man obtain possession of such a rare substance. And it never thoroughly explains what Zep did to deserve such shabby treatment from the killer.Finally, The Twist. OOOHHH! How surprising! Why? Because we, as an audience don't expect a man whose living should have been apparent to our two main characters hours earlier. The movie all builds up to these two words.......Game Over! But not my review. No. How is the game over? We've left a still alive Adam, mother, daughter and Dr. Gordon unspoken for. OK, we can assume that the killer kills Dr. Gordon, but what about the rest of the characters? Once again, the movie leads up to "Game Over". Probably because this movie accomplishes about as much for the film industry as a bad Video Game that no one remembers. Wait, What's the difference?