I haven't seen a horror movie this bad in a long time. Every single jumpscare is predictable. The ending is predictable, just like EVERY other horror movie. No plot twists.
The whole movie is rushed because they wanted to focus on the final battle against evil.
Don't waste your time watching this trash.We were lucky to watch that movie in teen-free premises, which allowed us to focus on the story without suffering jumps, screams and laugh at their own jumps and screams, and repeat.
That let us realize plot and twists were not part of the original budget. I guess all the money went to la llorona herself.
The room was full of adults, we all laughed at how bad the acting was at times, when the tropes were too obvious... by the end, we were pissed we had not received money to waste two hours of our time.A bunch of loud yelling and screaming. A plot that has been done to death and just a mess of a movie. Period.I actually ended up falling asleep it's shame how unscary this movie portrays the weeping woman. What a waste of my time but at least I caught up on sleep.The curse of La Llorona dissapoints in every aspect. The cast is so cheap, and the screenplay so poor. The writers did not put any effort to develop a smarter story, with deep stuff or something. You will only find a sad, generic and pathetic attempt to scare people. La Llorona will make you cry... for the wrong reason.The stuff they are calling horror nowadays is just HORRORble and nonsensical. Just going after the shocking effect to thrill the audience does not make a story good by a long shot. There needs to be some everyday common sense on how one reacts to things that don't make sense. But whenever I thought the story would become smart, it became more and more asinine. The sh...t thats being produced nowadays being called horror is a travesty to the genre. Gone are good ole days of great writing. DONT BELIEVE THE POSITIVE REVIEWS. This film is the worst.When i knew that it was in the conjuring universe I immediately wanted to see it and I knew the curse of la llorona previously so it made me wanted to see it even more, my brother and i went to see it (my brother is a huge fan of the the conjuring universe)
We had high hopes for it and oh boy was it disappointing.
The negatives:
Let's start with how they didn't take advantage of the amazing story basically they told the story in about two minutes and that's it,they did mention it once or twice afterward but it didn't do justice to the story. Second thing to talk about is the jump scares, the movie consisted of jump scares
(With the examination of the first of thirty minutes) after that it was either a jump scare or the music leading to a jump scare.
Third thing is that the movie is a cliché, you have your cliché kids that will get everyone killed to get their toy and your cliché church that will tell you that they can't help you but they'll send you to normally a ghost investigator but this time it was a shaman and many more.
That's all i have to say if the movie did anything good it was that it made us laugh.Rubbish!! Starts with an OK story and starts to build it then regresses to how many jump scares can we fit into an hour and a quarter!! predictable and boring, if you like substance then stay away from this film!! I can only think all of the people rating the film 10/10 were asleep for the whole film as an hour and a half's sleep is the only thing that would have been worth doing throughout it!!Just another 2019 money grab flick. Don't waste your time. Bad acting, bad story, bad cinematography.Very unoriginal story... thanks again hollywood..This movie should have been named the La Gritona or nagging/yelling woman. I was falling asleep during the movie buy the dang Gritona kept waking me lol. Movie sucked period!!!!