Agent K (Jones)'s partner retires, so he has to find a new one. Street cop Will Smith seems an unlikely contender to join this very special service and help K battle illegal aliens.Barry Sonnenfeld's experience as a cinematographer put him in good stead for planning this quirky fun sci-fi comedy.Men in Black is given life by Sonnenfeld's shot-choices, for greatest comic effect, terrific fun musical score by Danny Elfman, and two perfectly cast actors: Tommy Lee Jones' wry delivery and Will Smith's comic persona make for a movie with some real personality.Vincent D'Onofrio is a memorable bad guy - especially when we don't have to look at his regular face.A few death scenes will be too gruesome for kiddies, but once they're a certain age its bound to be one of their favourite movies. Such terrific imaginative fun.10/10Woman: "You here to make fun of me, too?' K: "No maam, we here at the FBI do not have a sense of humour we're aware of. May we come in?" I'm about 16 years late seeing this, and I saw the third one first (with no need for #2), but I must say that this is one of the most fun movie-watching experiences I've ever had. It was non-stop laughs and thrills from beginning to end. The element which stuck out to me as being done extraordinarily well was the writing, specifically the comic interplay between Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones. Their characters are so different, and yet play off each other so well. Even the smaller parts were well-written and played. Of particular amusement to me was the largely physical performance given by Vincent D'Onofrio as the main bad bug. You can tell he gave it his all with his awkward speech patterns and movements. It really seemed like he was adjusting to a human body, and it was all done with a sly sense of humor. The only thing I find lacking was some dated CG, but considering it came out over 15 years ago, it was fine. If anything it adds to the B-movie charm, and some of alien design was probably influenced by 1950's "Creature Features" anyway. All things considered, it was an absolutely incredible and enthralling viewing experience. It's just a shame I waited so long to check it out. This movie is simply so lovable, and it has affected many people who have seen it. Men In Black has such a nice atmosphere, and it's not gritty and dark as science fiction or fantasy written these days. How many people have seen this movie and were immediately (not entirely seriously) convinced aliens have visited us? When it's a movie like Men In Black, it's so much more fun believing aliens might exist. There are movies that make aliens seem like killing machines whose only purpose is to destroy human race OR they are the kind of wise creatures who are so much better than us. But the aliens in Men In Black are - apart from the villains - almost sympathetic. They seem nice and really ordinary. Most of the charm of this movie comes from Will Smith. He is a talented actor, and his experience in comedy such as Fresh Prince of Bel Air has given him the ability to deliver comedic lines wonderfully. For him they are natural, and while Tommy Lee Jones's character Kay doesn't get as many one-liners, said by him the feeling is different. The character Jay is exactly how many of us would like to be in a situation like this. Of course the aliens and secret organisations are all new to him and he is allowed to be openly confused, but he still seems extremely excited about everything instead of being too broody or too angry like most heroes in action. This movie was made in 1990s, and the effects aren't what we see in the theaters these days, but they are still pretty damn amazing. When we are used to see the extremely beautiful science fiction, something as simple as Men In Black is a nice change. Men In Black is simple science fiction comedy. It's a movie that made me like science fiction, and is still probably the reason I'm not into the kind of science fiction where everything is in space and where you can see the filmmakers tried way too hard. Men In Black has a quite simple setting, quite simple plots and ordinary characters. Jay could be anyone of us, chosen by almost randomly instead of having some kind of great destiny. This is what science fiction needs to revisit. This is amazing. The term "Men in Black" refers to the slick black suits and wraparound sunglasses that all MIB agents wear. Like "Ghostbusters", it's both a comedy and a scary sci-fi movie. The evil alien bug kills seven people: He eats Edgar and then puts on his skin as an "Edgar" suit to pass as human. He also kills: the "Zap-'Em" bug exterminator. A waiter and 2 aliens at the sleazy Greek Restaurant, where aliens eat pierogies. The tow-truck driver and the bug-smashing morgue clerk. All because he is looking for the "universe hanging from Orion's belt", which is hidden somewhere on Earth. Other carnage: An alien jumps off the Guggenheim Museum. "K" zaps "Mikey" the bug-eyed alien. The giant cockroach swallows "K" whole so therefore it gets blow apart; twice. Thrilling CGI by ILM. According to the MIB: The aliens among us include Al Roker, Sly Stalone and Martha Stewart. Elvis didn't die, he just went back to his home planet. Aliens are taxidrivers, pawnshop clerks with heads that-grow-back and tandem bicyclists. Agent "J" has his hands-full delivering an alien baby squid. The agency's headquarters is a huge complex with Rip Torn as the boss (Agent "Zed"). Just remember: there are maybe 1500 aliens on Earth at any one time. Most of them live in New York City and Queens. The secret government agency run by "The Men in Black" is your first line of defense against total chaos and destruction from alien invaders, such as the Arquillians. Terrific alien "suits" by make up genius Rick Baker. Look for the alien bug suit worn in the movie "Explorers". My favorite supporting characters: "Frank" the talking Pug dog and the sexy "morgue queen". "Don't zap her so much, she'll develop brain cancer and forget half of the classes she learned in medical school."-Will Smith as agent "J". The most perfect example of contemporary filmmaking: Best film editing, cinematography, CGI, musical score, sound editing, scripting and comedy acting that you will ever see. Miles ahead of "Ghostbusters". Vincent D'Onofrio (as "the bug wearing the Edgar suit") gives the most convincing performance. He should have won an Academy Award. Note: The MIB music video is not on the one disc DVD repackaged version. Easily the best of the 3 movies in the series. One of the best and most original films to come out of Hollywood in the last 20 years. Director Barry Sonnenfeld takes his unashamedly different approaches to film and comedy into the area of the "comic book movie franchise" genre. The wonderful cast is headed up by the always dependable Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith as Agents K and J, respectively. It is an absolutely delightful film, in every sense of the word. The movie combines drama with humor and action, and does it very well. It is the best film I've seen in the area of achieving these moments of fierce action and real-world occurrences, directly followed up by moments of off-the-wall sci-fi adventure and outrageous dialog/characterizations/body language. 'Men in Black' is more or less three parallel stories running simultaneously, all expertly navigated by Sonnenfeld. We have the background story of the Men in Black agency, being told to us by Agent K and Director Zed (Rip Torn). In a nutshell, the agency has been around for a long time now. It is tasked with monitoring alien activity and protecting Earth's citizens from any harm the aliens might have planned. Smith first shows up as NYPD cop James Edwards, who through a very strange (yet hilarious) set of occurrences, is gradually inducted into the agency and learns the ropes, therefore becoming the newest recruit. And we have the not-so-unfortunate story of a douche bag farmer named Edgar, who is killed but his skin is used as a disguise 'Edgar suit' for an evil alien bug. This bug plans to find an item of great importance to him and to other alien races, so that a certain war between two of these races can continue, and his own race can continue to feed off the casualties - literally. Now, while this may seem like a lot of unnecessary explanation leading to a lot of unnecessary exposition in the film, this is simply not so. The story is explained, very quickly, in just a few scenes. Sometimes, we figure out things as the characters do, other times, we are let in on stuff long before the characters ever are. But the film does not ever lose pace because of these elements, nor does it stop so the audience can catch up with all these goings-on. The film purposefully barrels along at a breakneck speed, and the audience is just expected to dive right in and hold on for dear life. Once this is accomplished, the story is really not that hard to understand. However, if one feels that the story disappoints or just doesn't understand it, then the film is always entertaining just as a great popcorn flick. This would also probably be the case for why small children enjoy these films so much - they may not understand the story particulars, but they like the special effects and the comedic moments. This is all assisted by not only the main cast, but also by several great character actors and actresses, such as Tony Shalhoub and Siobhan Fallon. Whichever way you look at it, 'Men in Black' is a ridiculously entertaining ride of action and all kinds of comedy, and I highly recommend it. Which is not something I can say for 'Men in Black II', unfortunately. Since I haven't seen 'Men in Black III' as of yet, I cannot comment on it in the slightest. I'm hoping it's just as good, or better even, than this first installment. This movie is awesome. They did a good high quality job on it, and it did not focus it all on violence. If you do not like gruesome aliens that look disgusting, you may want to not see this. The only one fact that I do not like is that one of the agents in there cusses a lot. They also do have a disturbing situation in one of the parts in the movie. Luckily they do not show the image of it. I can't wait to see the sequel, Men in Black II. Also, lots of people will say that this is comedy and action. There is not that much to laugh at in this movie. I personally think that people watching this should be about ten years old at the least when they watch this. Put five star rating for this and buy it. This is a movie that deserves to be in your collection. Love both men as actors. As both are really the best duo in this groundbreaking film.Agent K real name Kevin(Tommy Lee Jones) is retiring for personal reasons of his own. Despite his gruff interior is a soft side to him. As he recruits unorthodox cop, Office James aka Agent J(Will Smith).Despite the fact of not following the rules, J is picked over what he saw and seems to be more of a people person than the military people that are also recruits.Jones straight man to Smith's comic foil are an odd but nonetheless really hilarious match. As both must duel with aliens. That are humans in disguise. Taking on Vincent D Onofiro in a pre-Law and Order CI appearance as the antagonist! Fifteen years old nearly sixteen but still, a classic to date! I could have reviewed this film after Men In Black 3 came out, but whatever.I was seven when I first saw this. I remembered the heavy promotion and the music video of Will Smith's resurgence into hip hop. I remembered two things: This film is kinda weird and I want a pair of Ray Bans.Weird in a good way. It's not a conventional sci-fi film. I would go on to say that it's a dark comedy. Everything about sci-fi films is portrayed in such a different tone. It has an unusual blend of wonder, eeriness, and comedy, which you could tell right off the bat with the opening music.I found the idea refreshing. We've all heard of the mythical men in black, supposedly shadowy figures that silence UFO witnesses. Here they portrayed much more light heartedly, as people doing a job. The exposition in this film is actually subtle. The humour derives itself on the fact that most characters are so deadpan and that they're very used to dealing with extra terrestrials. Instead of a film where we're trying to understand how to defeat the antagonist, we're looking at a film where it's just all in a day's work.Another source of great humour is the dynamic between Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith. The grizzled emotionless veteran and the young idealistic new recruit. Agent J shows us the human perspective while throwing in that genuine Fresh Prince comedy.What baffled me is how lowered the scope is of this film. The climax involved the destruction of the earth by an alien battleship and they bleakly made it clear that it doesn't matter."There's always an alien battle cruiser, a Korillean death ray or an intergalactic plague about to wipe out life on this miserable little planet and the only way these people get on with their happy lives is that they do not know about it!". Basically put, we don't matter, we are insignificant in the bigger picture.I remember that parts of this film freaked me out, especially scenes with the Edgar bug. But that has to be the best silver screen villain ever.I loved it and it will be one of my favourite sci-fi films ever. 'Men in Black' is Superb Entertainment. This science fiction comedy gets everything right. It has a solid script, that comes in-tact with humor, style & great action. Also, Tommy Lee Jones & Will Smith, Make Terrific Leading Men!'Men in Black' Synopsis: Two men who keep an eye on aliens in New York City must try to save the world after the aliens threaten to blow it up.'Men in Black' is Escapist Cinema at it's best! It's a complete entertainer, that is worth every bit of your time & money. A Blockbuster hit, 'Men in Black' has become a cult film over the years & enjoys a strong fan-base around the globe among cinema buffs. It's among THE best film of 1997!Screenplay by Ed Solomon is excellent & offers solid entertainment. Barry Sonnenfeld's Direction is stylish. Cinematography & Editing are perfect. Art Design is well-done. Visual Effects are fabulous. Performance-Wise: Tommy Lee Jones & Will Smith, Make Terrific Leading Men! Jones, like always, is marvelous, while Smith, gets his comic timing right & raises a lot of laughs in the goings-on. Their On-Screen Chemistry, is WOW! Vincent D'Onofrio is quite effective. Linda Fiorentino is impressive. Rip Torn leaves a mark. Tony Shalhoub gets limited scope.On the whole, 'Men in Black' is a must watch. Two Thumbs Up! Men in Black is a great movie, especially for sci-fi/fantasy geeks. Several things make this movie work. They are superb acting, great music, and excellent alien visuals. Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith star as two agents from an agency that deals with aliens as Agent K and Agent J. J is the rookie of the group so K must train him to be a successful agent and possibly be even more. They have to deal with a bug who took a dead man's body to find a jewel and deliver the jewel to a battalion just off Earth or the planet will be blown to pieces. The acting is excellent. Will Smith is the best and Tommy Lee Jones is not far behind him. The score by Elfman is great to listen to. I also liked the Grammy-nominated song by Will Smith. The makeup and alien visuals are great and not stupid like most cheesy sci-fi flicks. This is a very good movie! I rate this movie 10/10. Whoa! If you ask me, MEN IN BLACK is an adrenaline pumping sci-fi ride that'll have you on the edge of your seat from start to finish. The first time I ever saw this movie was on my way home from Orlando in 1998. When the aliens appeared, I was scared. This was because of the special effects. Also, the martial arts and special effects were very well done. Now, in conclusion, I highly recommend this adrenaline pumping sci-fi ride that'll have you on the edge of your seat from start to finish to any Will Smith or Tommy Lee Jones fan who hasn't seen it. When you see this movie, hold on tight and prepare to be taken on a wild ride. It's Saturday night and I'm chilling on the eastside watching MiB for the first time as an adult.I didn't see 2019 MiB because it looks like Filth.But this 1997 version was fun and entertaining. The acting is superb and the quality is 100.So I'm not sure why 2019 couldn't take note. The female MiB lady with only 10min of screen time beats Valkyrie actor mib character by 100. The MIB or the Men In Black is a 1997 sci-fi film staring Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones. In the film there is a new agent getting to grips with his new job and goes on an adventure to save the world. It is shot in New York and directed by Barry Sconefield the budget was 90 million USD.I think it is an incredibly good film and would definitely recommend it, and would also rate it 5 stars, moreover I think it is more than worth the money it cost.I think at any time Men In Black is a great film to watch and those who haven't watched it should watch it as soon as they can. I watched this so many times on DVD, I thought I must be sick of it. Years later I just rewatched it and I still love it. None of the sequels can hold a candle to this near perfect sci-fi comedy. Will's best role, and Vincent is one of the best and most unique villains ever. Sadly the series hasn't been great after this, though part 3 is much better than 2. I give out very few 10's but this one deserves it. this is the coolest movie ever created there is a few bad words in it but it was a amazing movie that was funny i mean it i have never seen a movie this good before it is my favorite PG13 movie ever i hope you enjoy this one of a kind movie with Will Smith in it this is one cool movie for all ages can enjoy this is a must see movie for everyone i have never seen a movie that has been this good before i really hope you enjoy the movie this is one super film make this the number 1 movie ever created it is one to watch i like this movie a lot i hope you enjoy it to i think this is the coolest movie on earth i really have never seen a movie this good before in my life it is incredible wonderful magical it is just a really really good movie you just have to go see it Today you want be sorry i know my movies and this movie was the best movie ever because it was scary it was shocking it was funny it was just a very good movie that i know you will enjoy i hope yo enjoy everyone have a great day everyone What a great movie, if you haven't seen men in black before you definitely should.Will smith is a great actor and this being one of his earlier movies makes it that much better. Don't get me wrong Will Smith is great but his earlier movies are so good!This movie was great to watch when I did all those years ago, thought I'd leave a review as its a must watch if you haven't yetHighly recommend!! MIB was just a great all around movie. Very entertaining and fun to watch and is still fun to watch every so often. Very original and a great cast. The MIB 2 and 3 weren't quite as good as they seem to take a step back each sequel as is typical with MIB Int'l being the worst. Those who give this movie a poor review simply have some agenda. How can a man perform like this? Will Smith is the dad of all actors. Watched it more than 10 times and gonna watch it again in the next weekend. No complicated story line. Just shooting and fighting aliens. Brilliant I remember watching this movie when I was younger and I kinda remembered parts of but I kept procrastinating watching it again now because I kinda loved it when I was younger. So finally came the day I finally decided to watch it and I must say even after all these years it's very enjoyable.I want to talk about a few aspects of the movie.The story. ( Easy to watch, engaging.
It's set in the beautiful city of New York where we are introduced to a wide selection of different characters over the course of the movie but this story is mainly focusing on 2 Men in black agents who are here to protect us all from the scum of the universe in this action/Sci-fi comedy. And of course everything no matter how bad it gets has a way to be resolved in the end after all. I don't mind it.
This was a high budget Sci-Fi movie from the late 1990s so you would expect everything to be top notch which is 100% true for this movie. The story is excellent and it grabs your attention and doesn't let it go till the last minute of the movie.
Personally I enjoyed this movie much more than a lot of other 1990s. High budget doesn't always mean an iconic movie who will be remembered even by future generations but this one managed to pull it off.Sound design - (Excellent. When I watched all the fight,action scenes the special effects gave a satisfying feedback in my ears when someone landed a shot or got knocked out. Everything music-wise felt just right like you would expect.)Cinematography (Feels like they thought about everything and it has that Transporter Miami vibe to everything.)Special effects (They are just out of this world and I was even surprised after finding out that the special effects, costumes and designs were made in the 1990s. They still look extremely well in 2019 and I would say they have done a good job and stood the test of the time.)
Overall I think quite a lot of people will enjoy it and very few won't. There isn't exactly too much things to hate about it. Personally, after watching it this feels like one greatest movie 1990s movies so my rating is 10 out of 10.
Would recommend to anyone and it would be one of my first choices from the comedy/Sci-fi genre. Such a terrific film and wonderful storyline. The cast made the movie even better in my opinion. She told me she hated the roast, and she made the roast! Haha, man, marriage doesn't get any tougher. Anyways, I gotta get going, I'd leave my card but they're all in the car. My name? I told you, but you can just call me Agent U. IdentifyThis short hit sci fi comedy at 1hr 34mins this is a marvel film who knew when I saw this in the cinema years ago it was amazing and still is a classic film agent jay and kay, Will and Tommy having a blast in new York are turning of the heat on alien terrorist hiding in plain sight , this film is a wicked from start to finish
as we see jay a cop he has to chase bad guys but only realizes that we are not alone so as kay brings jay to the secret hide out no one knows he shoes of the aliens that have working for them the ray of random alien weapons and big and small the director brings to life aliens that take over bodies so jay has lose al identity and use a special weapon to rid people minds of what they just saw so with a renegade alien called Edgar finding a clue and looking for something he finds an old spacecraft but as the two agents fly up side down in the tunnel they have crickets to contend with goo to clean and babies to which are alien off course and Edger shedding his skin one ugly dude this is hilarious and classic enjoy the dvd has extra special treats for you Movies like this don't exist anymore. Movies that try to break new ground, entertain you and leave you wanting more. The two leads are amazing and the humor that unfolds with their conflicting personalities goes beyond the usual "buddy cop" sort of stuff you tend to get sick of. This had some groundbreaking VFX back in the day and you gotta love the premise of the film. I loved this movie years ago and still love it today. One of the best movies I have ever seen hands down. Yes we all know that MIB (1997) is an absolute CLASSIC FILM!!! Everything about this movie is perfect & i loved this film ever since i first watched it at the cinema way bk in the summer of '97 & always remember when WILL SMITH name came up at the beginning all the girls cheered!!! WOW Will Smith is a super star & I've been a fan since "Fresh Prince" & he's my favourite actor, I've been watching Smith since then & this movie is a huge piece of Nostalgia for me & owns a piece of my movie loving heart along with the "Ghostbusters" films!!!Some films you just love, you can't get enough of it & always come back to a certain or a few main films among a few other's & these certain movies seem to have had a huge impact on me & i mean so much to me but if i had to narrow it all done to a single movie that i cherish the most it would be MEN IN BLACK followed closely by MIB 2 & Ghostbusters 2. My favourite actor Will Smith in his most iconic role & the magical genius pairing of mr. Smith & the Hollywood veteran legend Mr. Jones, i adore both actors & love Rip Torn too, i love his voice R. I. P. All cement MIB as a Classic from the 1990's!!!This is Will Smith's greatest movie & his most iconic Role that will always be remembered & loved & it's definitely in my all time top 10 fave films of all time & it's so enjoyable & endlessly rewatchable, also making this since owning it on video back in the 90's it's one of my most watched films of all time.I think i love this film so much is because it's always been there from my late nights up watching it on video during the 90's & Men In Black became a "Comfort Film" to me & i would put it on so much that it was simply comforting to have it playing in the background & hearing the voices of these guys from like hanging out & seeing old friends again, strange maybe but true to how I've always felt about this film but my love for this particular film has bern resurrected as i loved it as the best film ever i think through the 90's but fell back into my love for my childhood favourite "Ghostbusters" but now i appreciate the "MIB" even more so now as I'm a 35yr old guy who is still a huge Will Smith fan & he's still my favourite actor ever, & i can look at it the from a much more older/grown-up/mature view & i fell in love with this wonderful feelgood sci-fi buddy Comedy even more!!!. Also as an adult i feel this movie is even more special as we're now in a movie world crammed with way over budget & way over the top huge C. G. I bloated films & so my very 90's Men In Black film feels much more relaxed & easy going in flow & much more character based than c.g.i fx based, back then the Alien Creatures were mostly Animatronics & puppets with some c.g.i but now everything is c.g.i mad!!!The Amazing legendary creatures designer "Rick Baker" created everything special & slimey on screen so what you saw was a work of Art & hard work but now it's cheap looking computer fx & often feels soulless.There's too many perfect elements that came together to create this wonderful film & that's why it deserves to be a "CLASSIC" movie & it definitely is.MIB is perfect escapism from the real world. The cast is perfect, i mean the great Tommy Lee Jones partners with the super star Will Smith works perfectly with hilarious chemistry comic timing & the Biggest villain "EDGAR" is one of the greatest villains ever created & that's because of vincen d'onofrios amazing & funny as hell performance. Everything just works perfectly including the comedy & the incredible iconic music & the fun tone & the action & the Awesome creatures, it's truly a CLASSIC & WILL SMITH on top blockbuster form.The 90's was Awesome & this movie was one of the biggest films of that era to impact me & made me love Will Smith even more so & got me very interested in U. F. O's which i believe in as I've seen one!!!MIB is one of those just BRILLIANT films where everything just works perfectly from the amazing cast & special fx & Beautiful music score by Danny Elfman & excellent production design & Amazing script & Comic-Sci-fi tone & all the fantasy elements to the pure 90's comforting cinematography & the lovely New York City setting during the summertime.New York City is a big character for our main characters to explore & for the "Aliens" to try & live normal average lives within the beautiful city.I love the easy watching & easy flowing tone to this movie, it's such a nice feelgood watch & ridiculously entertaining!!!This is definitely one of my most watched films of all time & i think i wore out my old video of it long ago.It's a Classic sci-fi film & one of the biggest & best films of the 90's as Well as an important movie for me as it made such a huge impact on me growing up, i love this film.The main charm of this film is it's pure escapism fun & nice banter-full chemistry between "Smith" & "Jones" & the great "Rip Torn" (RIP) is fantastic as Zed, the hit song by Will Smith has cemented this as a true 90's MASTERPIECE & time capsule of that time. I had the action figures to this film too & the soundtrack Album, oh the memories & Nostalgia are strong with this one.I have massive Nostalgia for this movie massive 90's Nostalgia as that was my era,my growing up years as a young teen & was obsessed with Men in Black & Will Smith.This first MIB movie is truly a Classic & one of my most watched & beloved movies i remember the summer it came out & i remember talking to my friends about it at school it was great times & collecting the awesome action figures & books of the film & posters, so yes this movie has had a huge impact on me growing up just like the Ghostbusters films did too.Will Smith at his absolute best & i love Smith in his great later films like "I,Robot" & "I Am Legend" & "Suicide Squad" & others but his first "MIB" film is the landmark movie that changed everything for this quick rising mega star, his "ID4" was obviously a huge hit but "MIB" cemented Smith as a global blockbuster movie star with charm & quick witted humour,goofiness & yet brave,Cool & heartfelt image, he became a Legend of Hollywood.As much as i Love most of his film especially I,Robot,MIB 2,I Am Legend, ID4,Bad Boys,Enemy of the State,MIB 3,Suicide Squad, Wild Wild West, Bright & Aladdin among other great films it's his 1997 first Men in Black film that i mostly come back to or well along with MIB2, as this is the most iconic Will Smith on screen as Agent J & it's such a good character & his MIB performance & work i think will be what Will Smith will be remembered for mostly within the movie world. A perfect blend of sci-fi Action & buddy Comedy, so thank you "Barry Sonnenfield" for directing this masterpiece!!! I could be Happy watched this movie everyday of my life, i wouldn't get bored & it wouldn't still Cheer me up & make me laugh. One of my favourite movie's of the 90's is "MIB" & my favourite movie of the early 2000's is "I,Robot" these flicks are important to me as a film lover & geek.Will Smith was a childhood hero of mine from his "Fresh Prince" days & has remained my hero still today!!!There's lots of actors that i love & grew up watching & are also hero's to me (Eddie Murphy, Schwarzenegger, Estevez, Aykroyd, Chase, Roy Scheider, among others) but it's Mr. Smith that has had the most important impact on me throughout my life. The world is definitely a little bit better with Will Smith in it with us. 