The lights dim, the movie begins with a brief prologue, and the zany and incredibly weird opening credits begin, set to a creepy cover of Led Zeppelin's "Immigrant Song." From the beginning, we are in for a wild ride as Stieg Larsson's incredibly popular novel "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is brought to life on screen.Scorned journalist Mikael Blomkvist is called upon by Henrik Vanger, a very wealthy man, while writing a book. Vanger is in search of an answer to the disappearance of his niece, Harriet, which occurred over 40 years ago. He assumes that Harriet is dead, and that she was murdered. He looks to Mikael to investigate her disappearance and who killed her. Then Mikael gets assistance from Lisbeth Salander, a dangerous but intelligent 24 year-old punk who is an accomplished computer hacker and a great contribution to the solving of other crimes. Together, Mikael and Lisbeth go on a dark, eerie journey into a world of crime, Nazism, and corruption that will lead them to Harriet's assassin.I walked into "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" with almost no knowledge of Larsson's novel or the Swedish film made a few years before David Fincher's version. The end result is ultimately an extremely satisfying, brutal, and complex thriller thanks to great direction by Fincher (known greatly for his work on "Seven," "The Game," and "The Social Network"), excellent writing, and an impeccably chosen cast.After only a few years, the character of Lisbeth Salander has become an attention-grabbing heroine that is as iconic as Edward Cullen of the love-it-or-hate-it "Twilight" series. And we can understand why. After all the truly awful and hideous things that have plagued her life, Lisbeth doesn't take any crap from anybody. She may be angry, violent, overtly sexual, demanding, and perhaps a little crazy, but she is a genius at what she does, and has reasons for all of her actions, no matter how gruesome they may be.The mystery surrounding the film is sophisticated and white-knuckling, adding to the intensity and mood of the story and its characters. We're not sure of who is Harriet's killer, or if Harriet is even dead, until the last half hour of the film, and when we do find out the twist, it leaves a stupendous impact.After cementing his reputation in brutal crime thrillers, and surprising us with "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" and "The Social Network," David Fincher was the right man for the director's chair. Every film he makes, even a drama like "The Social Network," sets up a tone of genuine suspense, tension, and fear for the characters. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" isn't any different as Fincher adds his signature touch to the movie.Of all of the people they could have chosen to play these roles, the casting director landed in a pot of gold. Daniel Craig does a wonderful job as Mikael, showing us that he can play characters other than James Bond. With the amount of screen time she has, Robin Wright is also very good as Blomkvist's business partner Erika Berger. Christopher Plummer and Stellan Skarsgård also turn in great performances as Henrik Vanger and Martin Vanger.The person to really watch out for, however, is Rooney Mara as Lisbeth Salander. Getting her big break in the underrated remake of "A Nightmare on Elm Street" and later starring in Fincher's previous film "The Social Network" (giving a dynamite performance in the opening scene), Mara has sealed her future with many more promising and exciting roles because of her portrayal of Lisbeth. This is not an easy role to play, knowing that Mara is the second person to play the character. She must endure two shocking rape scenes and a torture sequence, and there is a hefty amount of nudity involved. Mara embodies Lisbeth, immediately bringing immense intimidation, danger, and fury every time she comes on to the screen. Her eyes are wide and emotionless, almost as if you can see right through her. And with everything that has happened to the character, we understand that Lisbeth has a right to be that way. She may be smart, but she is not interested in attraction or friendships with another human being. Overall, Mara gives a sensational, fearless, dedicated, and electrifying performance that guarantees an Oscar nod.Being released during the cheery time of the holidays, "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is not a feel-good film, by any means. It is a harsh, gritty, and rough cinema trip that answers the question of leaving the kids at home with the babysitter. Also, if you're squeamish, you will not like it. However, those who have read the book, and those who have not read it, should check it out. Even without having read Larsson's novel, I left the theater completely satisfied. It is a movie experience that you don't commonly get. Fincher has done it again. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is a must! Chilling, haunting and relentlessly thrilling, director David Fincher has created the definitive film adaptation of Larssons best seller whilst at the same time improving on the source material. A brilliant performance from Rooney Mara only elevates the film to greater heights The Review:Ill cut to the chase: this is everything fans of the books could have hoped for, its miles better than the already good Swedish film, its more faithful to the novel, in some places it actually improves on the source material.With "The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo" David Fincher has put his trademark darkness to fantastic use. Whether its sweeping shots of freezing, snow covered Sweden or wonderfully eerie interiors Fincher creates an unsettling atmosphere that is unrelenting and technically perfect. With Fincher i've learnt to expect a beautifully shot film and this is no exception, within this film are some of his greatest images. Regarding the disturbing nature of some scenes, Fincher is wise enough to show them in all their horror but doesn't stop to linger or exploit.The performances are perfect all round, Its clear Fincher and the casting production went to great lengths to pick not only great actors but those who embody the very essence of their characters. Of note in the supporting characters are Yorick van Wageningen who plays the sadistic Bjurman with unsettling believability and the always great Christopher plummer who is note-perfect as the desperate, loney grandfather Henrik .- As one part of our central duo Daniel Craig puts in his finest performance, normally cast as the tough hero Craig is more subdued here, he has Blomkvist easy charm down to a T but also captures the weak, submissive aspect of his character. - Lisbeth Salander is a character unlike anything fiction has ever seen.broken,pierced, clade in leather with short black hair and a body so slight the wind could break her, she is horribly victimised but refuses to be one. To sum it up she is one of the most interesting and difficult characters an actress could ever play. I could honestly write a whole review on the brilliance of Rooney Mara's performance, she is the very essence of Lisbethas if the character just walked off the page. Mara commands every scene with a mixture of silent burning rage and a deep rooted venerability. Her eyes are the heart of the film, her reactions are the reason myself and the others around me laughed, gasped and even cried. The character requires an actress who can internalize her emotions yet at the same time convay a wide range of feelings. Mara does this such perfect skill, every glance is charged with deep feeling as if you're looking directly into her soul. A brave performance, Mara bares all in the nude scenes and goes to frankly horribly dark places in the now informous scenes of sexual violence. Watching Rooney Mara is witnessing the birth of a star, this is the best performance of the year and if the Oscars fail to reconzie her i will lose all hope in their judgment. The score by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross is perfect, eerie and unsettling. It is as good as their Oscar winning score last year if not better, its more understated and does what every score should do....improves the scenes not overpower them.This is by and large a perfect adaptation, my main issue lay with one singe sequence. There is a shot that seems to be there solely for the purpose of showing off, it serves no real purpose within the story. The most touching scenes of the film come from the characters themselves, this is a character driven story and none are more powerful than Lisbeth and Mikeal themselves. Fincher makes their relationship the focus and it pays off, they are the heart of the books and Fincher rightfully recognises this. Proving that sometimes "american" adaptations can actually be for the better this is a film nobody should miss...its everything the novel is, plus some. More than anything i was impressed by the humour that is added through-out, this film will make you laugh, it will break your heart and it will make you want to take a shower. Anyone who knows David Finchers work knows he is one of the most creative and talented directors of this generation. He blew everyones mind with his adaption of 'Fight Club' almost 15 years ago, and again with his masterpiece of a film 'Se7en'. Speaking of Se7en, this is probably Finchers best effort since that film. All of his movies are amazing in their own respect, but this one will be one of the films that everyone will remember him for. The opening titles use Trent Reznors(amazing man from the one man band Nine Inch Nails)reinvented version of Led Zeppelins 'Immigrant Song' with Yeah Yeah Yeahs singer on vocals (I think?). This will remind many people of Se7ens creepy beginning. One more comparison to Se7en, is the forensic CSI type detective work done throughout the film. Truly a great homage to himself.Now like many have said, this is not a remake. This is an adaption of a book. I kind of dislike when people get those two mixed up. If I adapted Bram Stokers Dracula into a film, would it be a remake of the hundreds of previous Dracula movie attempts? I digress.David Finchers version sticks closer to the novel than the Swedish version did. I do however love the Swedish version and didn't think I would love an American version more, which I do. There were only two American directors I would have voted for the job, and they were David Fincher or Christopher Nolan.Now for everyone thinking this is a Hollywood adaption and that all of the rawness of the Swedish version is toned down then they couldn't be more wrong. This is at times more raunchy and sadistic than the Swedish version. It is even slightly longer since it incorporates more from the book. There are more sex scenes (for the people who didn't read the book and like that kind of thing in a movie). There is a lot of detailed smart and important dialog. Most of the film relies on the talking and conversations between the characters. Many will find this boring, but dare I compare it to Se7en again? Yeah its like that. The actors and actresses do a nice job and are all believable. Daniel Craig pulled off the role perfectly. If you think about it, he kinda looks like the actor that played in the Swedish version. Rooney Mara made art with her performance as the now infamous Lisbeth Salander. I didn't think anybody could beat the performance from Noomi Rapace from the Swedish version. Both were amazing but Rooney slightly surpassed Noomis performance. I just hope she can work with it again in the next films of the series. Rooney has already gotten Golden Globe recognition and I hope to see her name at the Oscars. I hope this movie gets recognized with the directing at the Academy too. The visual style of this movie is pure eye candy movie art. The Cinematography is also worth mentioning. Even if you haven't read the book or haven't seen the Swedish version, this film is a near masterpiece.The rape scene is there and it is as vulgar and uncomfortable as ever. It will surely have trouble staying in some theaters because of some of the nastier and darker graphic scenes. The way a lot of the grotesque makes you have to use your imagination is also used. This movie will make you think and hate people that abuse women or any type of helpless human being. Many people will walk out on the abusive scene. It is definitely one of the most graphic scenes being released in wide release in the U.S.All in all, this movie is a great adaption that stays true to the novel and doesn't use gimmicks to make money. It is raw and realistic. I ask that if you haven't read the book and have the spare time that you use it to read the book. I'm not saying to let it get in the way of your life, but it truly is an experience worth it. THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO (2011) **** Daniel Craig, Rooney Mara, Christopher Plummer, Stellen Skarsgard, Robin Wright, Joley Richardson, Steven Berkoff, Yorick van Wagenigngen, Goran Visnjic. Filmmaker extraordinaire David Fincher's highly stylized techniques meet their match with the Americanized adaptation of the international best-seller by Stieg Larsson's novel (skillfully orchestrated by vet scribe Steve Zaillian) about disgraced Swedish journalist (Craig nicely underplaying the bookish Mikael Blomkvist) who teams up with troubled yet tenacious researcher savant/cyber-punk hacker incredible Lisbeth Salander (Mara in a truly audacious Oscar worthy performance; one for the ages) after being enlisted as a detective/writer for hire by industrialist magnate Plummer to investigate the mysterious decades-old disappearance of his young relative, a girl who may have met her demise by a nefarious cabal –their family. With a knotty plot involving rape, Nazis, torture and other-things-that-go-bump-in-the-collective night, Fincher keeps a sharply clear-eyed viewpoint : the inhumanity humanity inflicts upon itself in the vicious circle of life's evils unleashed. To wit: one of the most harrowing on screen rapes and the subsequent vengeance thrust upon her attacker, Mara's Lisbeth Salander becomes an iconic character with her ingenious plans and underestimated resilient intelligence. From its relentless Trent Reznor cover of Led Zeppelin's "The Immigrant Song" with its post-BONDian title sequence the film gets its tenderhooks in you..and.never.lets.you.GO! One of the year's best films! I know when the announcement came that they were making an English version, groans began over the disregard for the Swedish originals. I can't say I blame them, how many times have I liked a series only to hear that they're completely rebooting the films. The cycle seems never-ending and it only gets worse when you see the remakes and they're just not as good, plain and simple. Thankfully with this new version, it isn't the case. I've been a fan of David Fincher's since Fight Club but more recently with The Social Network. He just has this way of capturing moments that not only look beautiful, they feel really raw and emotional. This film is the perfect example of that as it follows Lisbeth Salander through her investigation of a multi- decade mystery. Not only is the film perfectly cast, with relative newcomer Rooney Mara, it's a pretty faithful adaptation to the literary version as well, with only a few minor changes and one major alteration fans may not expect. Mara knocks it out of the park for me in this one. I know praise is deserved for original Noomi Rapace but I can't help feeling Mara really embodied Salander. Someone who wasn't a goth but a lost soul who can't connect to others. Daniel Craig plays off this perfectly as the charismatic reporter leading the aforementioned investigation. Unlike the Swedish version which stared Michael Nyqvist, I could really see Craig as the ladies man he often portrays on screen, but it's a hard contest for anyone, so no disrespect toward Nyqvist fans.In short, the movie from start to finish is the perfect combination of great directing, story telling and acting. Is it hard to watch at times? Yes, but Fincher wouldn't be doing the book justice if he didn't include the good, bad and at times, the very ugly that made up the series. The story after all is in some ways more about Lisbeth's journey then the mystery itself. The journey from the powerless to the unknowingly powerful. My advice for any viewer would be to give the movie a chance, even if you're a devoted fan of the originals. This one might just surprise you. Part owner of Millennium magazine, Mikael Blomquist (Daniel Craig) is convicted of libel, but has some time before sentencing and is hired by Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer) to find out what happened to Harriet, his niece, who disappeared 40-years ago and is believed deceased. Mikael hires Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara) to help with his investigation. I believe most movie goers have seen the Swedish version of this movie and are busy comparing notes of what was similar, different and so on. So let's get to it.For my part, I have also seen the Swedish version and it was excellent having watched via sub titles, but I must go on record as saying the US version is just as good but perhaps, more clear regarding the story line. The Swedish version had too many sub plots that had one memorizing them to see what impact they would have on the main story. None is the answer. Differences......there are some. The setting is Sweden, but the currency is not touted in Swedish Kronas, but USD; no accents were heard and they were clever enough not to show us traffic direction signs that were in Swedish. In the Swedish version I do not recall Henrik Vanger purchasing controlling interest in Millennium magazine. Where Harriet is discovered is completely different in this version. Does it matter? No. There were no lingering shots of the landscapes as were in the Swedish version. Pity, I missed them. One big difference is that in this version Mikael tracks down Lisbeth to help in his investigation whereas in the Swedish version it is Lisbeth who hacks into Mikael's computer to give him clues re the disappearance of Harriet as she knows what he was hired for by Henrik. Then Mikael feels she can help him. Does this make any difference to the story? No.Now for the question I just know you have: Who was the better Mikael? Michael Nyqvist or Daniel Craig? They were both excellent and no one outdid the other. But, let's get to the real question: Who was the better Lisbeth Salander? Noomi Rapace or Rooney Mara? Both were excellent, and could have been interchangeable, but..this story made the Rooney Lisbeth softer, more giving. But, we cared more for the Noomi Lisbeth because we wanted her to be softer, more giving and she wasn't. But we still cared more for her. See? Also, the Swedish version had more story face time with Noomi than with Rooney. Both versions had the sex scenes between Mikael and Lisbeth but the US version showed them 2-times whereas the Swedish version only once. In this version, Lisbeth orally servicing her Guardian was shown more graphically and the rape scene seemed to go on longer here than in the Swedish version. More total frontal nudity was shown in this version. Both versions are very good and quite engaging and the differences do not hinder the story, but in the US version things become clearer without the non-important sub plots that were in the Swedish version. If you didn't see the Swedish version, this version will do. But, if you want to compare notes..Now for the question that still remains: Is there another country that will do a remake of this story? England? India? (hey, India makes more movies than the US. Why should they be left out? Huh?) And, yes there are two more stories to this trilogy. Any takers on the horizon? (10/10)Violence: Yes. Sex: Yes, 2-times. Nudity: Yes, frontal too. Lesbian Kisses: Yes. Rape Scene:Yes and quite graphic too. Language: Yes. four F-bombs were counted. Rating: A I stumbled upon the "Millennium series" in 2010, while I was browsing through internet. The cover of the book looked interesting enough for me to place an order for it. By the time book had arrived I had gained some information about the author and his rather unfortunate demise. It seemed quite mystifying to me that author died shortly after handing his manuscripts to the publisher. Any ways, as I started reading it; I knew that I will like it for sure. As it happens with most readers, I too had a mental picture of how Lisbeth would look in real life.For me she was a real character, a real person, whom I dreamt of meeting one day and telling her how awesome she is. As u may have guessed, by the time I finished reading the first book I had ordered the next two instalments already.Then I heard about a movie series based on the trilogy. The problem was where I could find them. Finally I caught 20 minutes of the "The girl who played with fire" Swedish version on HBO.Was the movie good enough?Did Noomi Rapace justify the character of Lisbeth Salander. From what I could make out of 20 minutes of movie,the answer was "yes". Of course I had imagined Lisebth Salander a bit differently but she was close enough. I had also expected Mikael Blomkvist to be a bit more charming. Then came the news of English version of "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" directed by David Fincher, starring Daniel Craig as Mikael Blomkvist and Rooney Mara as Lisbeth Salander about whom I had never heard before. I was Excited and why wouldn't I be. After all Daniel fitted into my image of Mikael Perfectly but I had my doubts about Rooney. Finally the day came when movie released but to my utter disappointment its release in India was delayed. Date of its release was set as 10 Feb 2012.So I was looking forward to that day and reviews about the movie only added to my anxiousness. But fate wasn't on my side. Movie was cancelled in India due to some images in movie which" Indian censor board" found disturbing. What can I say other than, I hated them for it and I even wrote them an e-mail expressing my utter disappointment. Somehow I got my hands on its Blu-Ray version from someplace. Finally came the judgement day. To tell you honestly, how did 2 and a half hours went by, I Don't remember. It was like reading the book again but even better. Lisebth was exactly what I had imagined her to be. Everything was just "PERFECT". The acting, screenplay, direction, music,everything was top notch. I have nothing but only good things to say about the movie. It was an experience worth having. Rooney Mara played Lisbeth Salander perfectly and Daniel Craig left no stone unturned. It felt good to finally see my mental image of Lisbeth take shape flawlessly. I have rated the movie a 10/10 in IMDb, because it accomplished its purpose and much more. I felt so deeply moved after watching the movie, that I sat down and Wrote this review. I am really looking forward to next instalment in the series. Finally I would like to end my review with these lines from the movie... Dragan : "She is different"Dirch:"In what way?" Dragan:"In every way!" OK it may be sacrilege but what ever, sue me! I have never read the book(s) or watched the Swedish version of this movie. My review is from the point of view of, "I wonder what movies are playing, ooh that one looked decent in previews, lets check it out." OK now that that's out of the way.The opening of the movie is in my opinion, just plain awesome! Good music and an interesting visual sequence of dark fluid forming/reforming into/over human form. I enjoyed it and it really got me interested into the movie before it had started.The movie opens up basically telling us that the main character just lost a case as a journalist for writing bad things about some big time hot shot and it cost him his entire life savings. That's it in a nutshell, so he's pretty much down and out. He eventually gets a job opportunity from a rich old guy that wants to find his niece whom went missing like 40yrs ago.We then get introduced to Lisbeth who is straight up rough cut and looks like the type of chick you stay away from. I'm a motorcycle guy so she scored huge points with the motorcycle and her helmet was awesome!(though I don't see how she could have a perfect mo-hawk after taking off a helmet..). We find out at this point that she's a VERY good investigator type that watches people and gets information.Lisbeth to me is amazing. She shows this rough outer edge and you can tell she's always "scheming" in her head, always in control, always 2 steps ahead. Even during the most cruel scene in the movie, she still had the guy, even though it didn't seem that way at the time. you'll read other reviews where people say she was too soft, I don't know where they get that from. Lisbeth DESTROYS a guy that tries to take her purse, Lisbeth is the one that dominates our main character through the entire movie, she calls the shots, directs him and even saves him. The man who violates her, nearly urinates himself every time he saw her after that, not a strong woman?? My Butt!! I really enjoyed this movie, it was nice for once to have a different plot and a entirely different flow to a movie. I have to say the ending surprised me but the more I thought of it, the more it made sense, it's reality and that's all. I felt bad, but it definitely made me want to see a sequel.Go see this, it's an awesome movie! Unless you're like a die hard original person and you only like the Swedish version. Despite any reservations a viewer might have about a prompt English version re-make of a very successful Swedish film still popular in this country - the first novel in author Stieg Larsson's Millennium Trilogy, namely GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO - this version of Larsson's story is immensely successful. Much of that is due to the tightly woven screenplay by Steven Zaillian and the extraordinary direction by one of our most gifted directors, David Fincher (Fight Club, The Social Network, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, Seven, etc). But also the gifts of the musical composers Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross (with a bit of help from a very well placed Morten Lauridson's 'Lux Aeterna') and the bitingly vivid cinematography of Jeff Cronenweth. Add to that one of the finest collection of actors ever to collaborate on a project and the result is a film that is so engrossing that its very long length doesn't seem long enough!Everyone knows the story by now: disgraced journalist, Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig), escapes to an island in Sweden at the request of Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer) to investigate the 40 year absence of his niece Harriet. The Vanger family is as dysfunctional and bitterly cruel an ensemble as could be imagined and everyone on the island wants Mikael to leave. The case fascinates Mikael and he gains access to the services of an associate, the very bizarre and brilliant pierced, tattooed, punk computer hacker named Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara). As they work together in the investigation, Blomkvist and Salander uncover immense corruption beyond anything they have ever imagined. There are indelible characters along the way: the disgustingly sadistic Nils Bjurman (a brilliant role for Yorick van Wageningen) who mistakenly sexually abuses Lisbeth who in turn has her own manner of revenge), the wily Martin Vanger (Stellan Skarsgård), a brief but impressive Dragan Armansky (Goran Visnjic), Anita Vanger (Joely Richardson), Inspector Morelli (Donald Sumpter) etc etc etc. Every role is cast so carefully that there is never a missed beat in this huge ensemble.For those who love the Swedish version of GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO this English version will surely satisfy. They are different but for this viewer the English version is far more memorable. There is considerable frank sexual activity, torture, animal abuse, and there are some gruesome scenes: they add and must be there. Kudos to all concerned. And yes, Rooney Mara really is that fine! Grady Harp I love this haunting, beautiful movie, it is one of my all time favourites and I can't wait until it is available on DVD. Having watched the Swedish version first, I was very impressed and surprised by how good this American adaptation actually is.Daniel Craig is excellent as the journalist Mikael Blomkvist and plays the understated leading man role to perfection. Rooney Mara is compelling as the dangerous and damaged computer hacker and, strangely for an American movie, plays the role with even more perversion than her Swedish counterpart, something I didn't think was possible. The opening credit scene and score is amazing and will stay with me for a long time. Firstly I want to say that prior to seeing this film I had not read the book or seen the original film, so I can't be too much of a judge on how it relates to either. However, I have now seen the original film.I want to quickly say that it appears that most of the negative reviews are coming from die-hard fans of the original film, or people seemingly offended or upset by some of the harder-hitting scenes in the film. I would advise that if you are easily distressed by graphic/violent scenes then this film may not be for you.As for the die-hard fans of the Swedish version, by all means go and watch the film, but think about what you expect from it and also think before you share your bias opinion in a review which may influence whether a reader watches a great film. The big issue with the remake for many is the matter of Rooney Mara versus Noomi Rapace. I personally prefer the way Rooney Mara portrays Lisbeth. I like how she doesn't give a f*** about what people think about her. Excuse the language, but in relation to the character there really is no other way to put it! I like her insane side, which is obviously a consequence of her difficult life. I like her appearance more than I like Noomi's. Mara's Lisbeth is less conventionally attractive which helps to give the effect that she is not a socially "normal" person. Overall she seems more ruthless in this version, I don't care if this doesn't ring true to the original or to the book, it's the type of character I prefer. I love when revenge is at the heart of the plot, some of my favourite films are Taken, Man on Fire and the 24 series. While the main plot isn't focused entirely on this, there are moments where getting "justice" is prominent. Fans of the original may hate me for this, but Lisbeth is a bad-ass and makes a great character this way.Craig also makes a better Blomkvist in my opinion. The interaction between Mikael and Lisbeth is clearly an effort for the both of them, but in this version there are moments of dry humour which I think improves the relationship between the characters. Again, this may not be true to the book or the original, but I think by now you will have gathered that I do not care much for the differences with either, just that this is a great adaptation. Another reason I liked the film is that it definitely didn't pull any punches. Although both films are given a 18 certificate in the UK, the remake is much harder-hitting. I think this is because if you put a rape scene in any film it is likely to warrant an 18 certificate. The remake just took it further and made several scenes more graphic. Now before you brand me as some kind of sadist, I did not get any pleasure from the rape scene in either of the films. However, it is much much much more powerful in the remake than it is the in first, which just enhances the tone of the film and also makes you consider more the effect it has on Lisbeth. She doesn't sit around and cry for the rest of the film, which understandably would seem to be the "normal" reaction, but Lisbeth isn't normal. She goes out, gets a tattoo (presumably to remind her of the incident, which makes you think even more about her past and her other tattoos) then gets cold-blooded revenge.What helps to make the scene so effective is the music. The soundtrack to this film is brilliant in my opinion, it helps to build the atmosphere of the film so much, which I feel it didn't do in the original. The exception to this of course being the opening credits, which where hugely out of place considering the tone and pace of the opening of the film.A lot of criticism seems to be coming from the direction that there are differences in the plot that don't make sense for fans of the original, such as why Henrik doesn't explain to Mikael that he knew Harriet from his childhood. In the original it gives him a reason to stay, he has a prison sentence to be serving in 6 months, without that personal element to the assignment it may not seem plausible for him to stay, as the only rewards for him would be financial and satisfying his own curiosity. But of course in the remake he only needs to pay compensation, so the money he would receive from Henrik and also the information on Wennerstrom are ample incentive for him. Any inclusion of a personal matter would have affected the character that Fincher was trying to create in Blomkvist. At this point I will recognise that I do not speak Swedish, so a certain amount of the chemistry and interaction between the characters from the original would have been lost on me. However, that for me is reason enough for there to be a remake in the first place. That is also the reason that I prefer this film, the language issue is too large to be ignored, and the remake was naturally going to be my favourite because it makes the film and the characters so much more accessible. I'm not denying that the original is a great film, I will be buying it soon and without a doubt watching it several times, but I just preferred the remake much more. So in conclusion, the film is brilliant and if certain people can't see past the differences to the original then that's on them, I'm sorry they couldn't enjoy the film. Two years after seeing the original Swedish films, I couldn't wait for the Girl with the dragon tattoo to hit the theaters. Ever since that incredible first trailer burned into my retinas, I had a feeling this remake wouldn't fail. And not only it didn't fail, it delivered with style, grit and dark edginess I was hoping for. The cast is pretty much spot on. Daniel Craig, with a few extra pounds, gives an impressive and convincing role of a journalist Mikael Blomkvist. Compared to Michael Nyquist from the original trilogy, which performance I enjoyed very much, Craig is definitively up to the task.Of course, all eyes are on Rooney Mara playing Lisbeth Salander - an incredibly complex, solitary and traumatized hacker, who is hired to help Blomkvist solve a 40 year old mystery. Mara is simply amazing in portraying Lisbeth, both visually and emotionally, it's such a believable performance that after a while you simply cannot imagine her not being Lisbeth in real life.Cinematically, Fincher leads the movie with strings of superbly done shots, great dialogs and occasional shocker scenes that will get the hair on your neck stand up. While the run-time of 2 and a half hours may seem long, the time simply flies by and you end up wanting the movie to never end.I only have two small complaints: first is casting Sarsgard as Martin Vanger. While I love Skarsgard and have seen many of his movies, for someone who's even slightly familiar with his work, there will be no doubt about what happens at the end. Second is about Lisbeth Salander character. While I can not praise Mara's performance enough, I have to say that Noomi Rapace in the original movie was more "manly". I know that it may not make much sense, but little details in walking, expressions and gestures made Rapace even more detached from any feminine characteristic. Rapace's performance made me feel that Lisbeth was so troubled and traumatized that she had lost almost any feeling of connection to humanity. For example, I loved the fact that Noomi in original movie had unshaven armpits. It was such a small detail, but it instantly made you realize just how messed up her life is. While Mara is astonishing as Lisbeth, there's no mistake that she's a woman - albeit damaged, but still feminine enough.Many have mentioned violence and some other "tough to swallow" scenes. Honestly, they will make you feel really uncomfortable, but that's the point. They are not gore, they're not glorified and are certainly there for a good reason. Ommiting them would be a big mistake.One more thing - the intro scene is pure audio-visual orgasm. I can hardly think of anything I enjoyed watching more on big screen then those first few minutes.Overall - 10/10. And watch the originals as well. I have seen the Swedish films, yet not read the books. The US version is not a remake of the Swedish version; it is simply another adaptation of the novel. I must say I was very impressed with the pacing and over-all style and raw feeling of the US version of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. The story, whether from the books, Swedish version or US version is quite a dark and winding journey. If you have not read the books or watched the Swedish versions I recommend now starting with the US version of the film. This US version will be the first of the trilogy; The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, The Girl who played with Fire, and The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets Nest.The opening credit sequence, as I'm sure many of you have heard is quite amazing. I loved it and all the work they put into it. It was very Bond like yet encompassed the dark complexities of this story and the film. This film is much more speedy than the Swedish versions. I found the Swedish films to be a little slow at times, which yes builds tension however the pacing of the US version is much more my speed. Very fast and smart.It is a murder mystery film, however it is also about the two main characters and their interactions and working together to solve a murder, or series of murders. I do not want to give anything away as the story and how it unfolds is what makes the movie run so well. Clocking in at 2 hours and 40 minutes, the US version is quite long. However it is a movie which you rather it not end due to the entertaining characters and the intense visual situations which you wish to look away from, but you can't.When it comes to the characters, I found that Rooney Mara played a much better Lisbeth than Noomi Rapace. And the interactions with Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig) were great and at times quite funny. The two of them working together when they seem to be opposites was very entertaining and Daniel and Rooney pulled it off perfectly. As a huge fan of the new Bond reboots I have grown to love Daniel Craig and enjoy seeing him on the screen. He is a very talented actor and seems to give the audience what they want. Stellan Skarsgård, Christopher Plummer and Robin Wright also did a great job, as well as the other cast members. Each character was very carefully cast and bond perfectly to the heart of this film.The story, the acting, the directing; everything was perfect and I must say that director David Fincher is at the top of his game. For those who do not know, he directed Fight Club, Se7en, The Game, Zodiac, The Social Network, Alien 3, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, and Panic Room. The music, the ambiance, and the over-all dark feel to the film was so well done I couldn't believe it. I could not have asked for a better-crafted film. I am quite anxious to see the rest of the trilogy. Right from the start of this films opening titles, I was taken back to when I had first watched 'Fight Club'. The opening title sequence for this film was even more exhilarating to watch than that of the one opening for Fight Club. The rest of the film was a journey into the greatness that has made Fincher films almost a household name by now. It is easy to say that this was better than the Swedish version of this film, and partly thanks to the performance by Rooney Mara as Lisbeth Salander. I can't say that I have ever been more attracted to a character on film than in this one. Even though, she is quite the bad-ass and about as tomboy as they come, I couldn't help but be engaged by every scene she was in. On another note, this is not an easy film to watch. It does contain a scene of rape and a couple acts of sexual assault on top of that. With all these coming together to form something almost as disturbing as the scene from the lesser know film by Gaspar Noe 'Irreversible'. Everything is perfectly shot here as well, and really does have the 'David Fincher' touch, although, this film felt about the least Hollywood-ised of all his pictures. Fans of the Swedish Trilogy will not be let down here. This is about as intense as crime thrillers get, and for those who call this a remake, for them, this is without a doubt the best remake I think I have seen on screen. Nothing falls into place like you think it will, and as the film ends, I felt a knot in my stomach, and wished I could know the character Lisbeth in real life. The score here done by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross is again Oscar worthy after winning last year for their work on Finchers other film, 'The Social Network'. It does have similar tones here, but all in all comes out totally fresh in every scene.Overall, this is easily one of the best films of the year. This could have also been easily predicted coming from me, considering my likeness for David Fincher films. Fincher was responsible for me partly coming to love for films back in 1999 with his film 'Fight Club', which took 1/3 of the reason why I came to love movies in the first place (also in there, Stanley Kubricks 'Eyes Wide Shut', and Sam Mendes', 'American Beauty' —all from 1999) and this film shows that Fincher is indeed one of the best filmmakers in the business today. Great film, Great remake. Seriously, both the Swedish version and the American version were great and so were the books, do not listen to any critics. I know good films, and I know how seldom a good movie comes along among the usual garbage that is pumped out annually, the story is refreshing, the characters are intriguing, and you end up wanting more. I believe this is a very capable franchise, and since the books themselves were so great and well read it would be very easy to give us more into the world of these fascinating characters. You may need to pay close attention to understand it, but it is without a doubt a classic, one of the few that is put out during the yearly one hundred or so crap films. That being said, to the writers and director, PLEASE MAKE MORE. Thank you, from a satisfied movie fan. NOTE: There's been a lot of discussion about comparing the Swedish and American versions, but all I will say here is that they are different creatures with different intended audiences and should in no way be held up against one another. The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo (GWDT) is a stark and gritty movie that stays very true to the source novel by Stieg Larsson while making some minor changes for movie-making limitation purposes. All-in-all, I would say that Fincher and Steven Zaillian do a good job of keeping, adapting and removing the various parts of the story from the novel in creating the movie. The dialogue is natural and flowing with just enough of the characters stepping on each other's lines to add a sense of authenticity to the conversations. Visually, cinematographer Jeff Cronenweth does an excellent job of lighting and blocking the scenes, giving us viewers plenty to look at and providing sufficient visual cues to set the tone of each scene. The score/soundtrack is a wonder in itself, with brooding, haunting music that paints a picture for what we are supposed to expect without giving too much away. Trent Reznor & Atticus Ross weaves multiple layers and sprinkles in some dissonance to subtly affect how we feel about the characters and settings. GWDT is a feast for the senses! Rooney Mara gives a tour de force performance as Lisbeth Salander, convincingly portraying a woman who has lived outside the norms of society and has no love for convention. Lisbeth is goth enough to have street-cred, but precise enough to be a talented geek. Rooney does an amazing job dancing the fine line between tragically defiant and certifiably cracked. I'm sure if/when Mara gives her Oscar acceptance speech she will give a nod to Noomi Rapace for first giving life to Lisbeth and setting the standard for her portrayal. Daniel Craig plays a driven Mikael Blomkvist who is trying to regain his investigative mojo, and at the same time, rescusitate his reputation. Craig embues Blomkvist with charm and a sense of self-depreciation while at the same time showing us that Blomkvist is relentless and unyielding in his pursuit for the truth. There are many good performances by a talented and well-chosen cast, with a laundry list of great character actors who all give spot-on portrayals. Christopher Plummer is a sparkling Henrik Vanger, Stellan Skarsgard creeps me out as Martin Vanger, Yorick Van Wageningen disgust us with his depravity, and Robin Wright (! looking good) is perfect as Erika Berger the lover and business partner of Blomkvist. I've read the books, I watched the Swedish versions, I have listened to the soundtrack for weeks ahead of time, and yet I thoroughly enjoyed the American version of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. I can't wait for Lisbeth to kick some more ass!!-----SPOILER------ One of the caveats that I would give to anyone interested in seeing GWDT is that there are some scenes that walk up to and maybe even step over the line between R and NC-17. The rape scene of Lisbeth by Bjurman and then Lisbeth's revenge on Bjurman are brutal and unnerving. Most of the violence and assault are implied and not seen, but there is enough to disgust some people and I know more than a few viewers either turned away or even left the theater. However, I feel like those scenes are not gratuitous and are an integral part of pushing the story line and character development. Just be warned. Let me start off by saying that I went into this movie knowing next to nothing about its plot. I have never even picked up the book, and I never watched the Swedish version of the film, despite hearing enormous praise for both. With that being said, I was blown away with this movie. First and foremost, whether you like him or not, David Fincher makes good movies. You'd be hard-pressed to find a director that is more meticulous and intricate than he is. In the first hour of this movie, Fincher's extreme attention to detail is almost overwhelming. Not having any background knowledge of the story, I found myself struggling to keep up. I was lost with the story, I was confused about who these characters were, and to put it bluntly I felt totally in the dark. But the story reached its climax and Fincher shed light on it all. The story came together, I understood the nature of the characters, and I was impressed. All of a sudden, a story that I knew nothing about, made sense to me and I loved it. After the plot's unravelling I was totally glued and did not want the film to end. This isn't like most movies. Yeah, it's a murder mystery. Yes, it's a psychological thriller. And of course, it is ridden with gratuitous violence and sex. But it is also a love story. I went home and immediately watched the Swedish version, and I didn't feel the passion that I felt from Fincher's. It's true, Mara is not as "strong" or aggressive as Rapace, but that's what I loved. She's vulnerable. It was a remarkable performance on her part to capture the cold and ruthless side of Lizbeth, but at the same time expose the soft side as well. I think Mara has turned in the best female acting performance of the year, and I hope she receives the credit she deserves.I hope they complete the series because I'm riveted. I went again to only further appreciate the film's intricacies, and I can say that I'm hooked. This movie is well-acted, well-produced, and phenomenally executed. You will not be disappointed. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. WOW!! Watched it 3 times today. After all the simple layer movies over recent years, how refreshing to see such intricate and layered plots mesh seamlessly but subtly coercing the viewer to put forth the effort to really pay attention. For me, I'd have to back 10 years since I saw a movie this good (A Beautiful Mind). The snubbing of it for Best Picture at the Oscars vs. The Artist is as outrageous as Apocalypse Now in 1980. The snubbing of Rooney Mara vs. Meryl Streep in Iron Lady is as outrageous as snubbing Crowe for Denzel in 2002. Granted Denzel is great, but not against Crowe on that day. Granted Meryl is an all time great, but Iron Lady can't compete with a new type of character never seen before in cinema, and made very believable by Mara. This has happened before when movies are made specifically to win someone an Oscar, i.e.- Streep in Iron Lady, Denzel in Training Day, and Nicholson in As Good as It Gets vs. Mark Wahlberg in Boogie Nights which is a very similar scenario in which a never before seen character is made believable by a young actor. Between Best Picture and Best Actress snubs, this rivals the snub of Hitchcock for Best Director in Psycho. First off, the casting was perfect. I wasn't sure if Daniel Craig could make a believable and realistic transition from James bond to an average journalist. And the most impressive factor to this film was Rooney Mara who hasn't had a good deal of limelight other than playing Erika Albright in the social network (also by David fincher). The movie was gritty, realistic, and very entertaining. With a plot that a mystery buff couldn't resist, it captivates your attention and keeps your eyes on the screen throughout all the two and a half hours you're watching. All characters show their personal pros and cons in simple ways that only add to the depth of the story and all things related. To say it all in all, the movie was tremendous and should win at least two of the Oscars it's been nominated for. It's worth going out of your way to see, because you won't be disappointed. The Swedish original of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (Dir. David Fincher, 2011), Män som hatar kvinnor (Dir. Niels Arden Oplev, 2009), methodically followed the plot created by Stieg Larsson to almost the exact word. This Hollywood remake did choose to leave out a few scenes that had been included within the original, but with the film already stretching at 2 hours 45 minutes I can forgive Fincher, as a fan of the novel, for cutting out some of the final scenes from the film. The most unusual and off-putting part about the whole film were the opening titles. They used a very James Bond-esc animation style where both Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig) and Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara) are born from oil. Thankfully, the heavy metal soundtrack accompanying the animation appeared to be the sort of music the character of Lisbeth would enjoy. My opinion of the film was redeemed, as for a brief second I had feared that Hollywood producers had taken control of the film and created an action filled mystery; this was not the case. Every single actor within The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo created individuals so similar to my imagination of the characters within Larsson's book that the film almost became a visual playback of my mind when reading the novel. Daniel Craig played an excellent Mikael Blomkvist but was unfortunately the only person who wasn't seemingly putting on a Swedish accent. The lack of accent wasn't that noticeable but it did make me raise questions as to Mikael Blomkvist's origin. Rooney Mara, in her protagonist debut, portrayed the girl with the dragon tattoo with such charisma that any problems I'd had with Daniel Craig's character were forgotten while she was on screen. David Fincher doesn't always produce films of a high standard, but this one is one of his greats. This movie has unusual protagonists, detestable villains and a mystery that keeps people who haven't read the book gripped till the end. The only warning I have for anyone watching this film who knows nothing about it is that it does include multiple uncomfortable scenes where at least one of the protagonists finds themselves in a situation which is difficult to watch. These said scenes are extremely well edited in Fincher's version of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. They are abridged in such a way to make any of the grotesque scenes within the film more foreboding and uncomfortable. As an example, the first one of these scenes cuts between Lisbeth and her guardian in his bedroom, and a slow backwards zoom away from the door and down the corridor, making the scene more ominous than it already was. Finally, the film does extend to 2 hours and 45 minutes. For someone who enjoyed the novel it wasn't quite long enough as the final scenes within Australia have been cut to reduce time. But, I have been told, that for someone fresh to the franchise the film does last too long, as after the main plot has ended the film stretches on for 20 minutes into a detailed conclusion, similar to the book. In conclusion, this film was definitely better than the Swedish original as it had more personality, fantastic editing and a strong cast. Many will question whether there was a need for a Hollywood remake at all; and while the answer is no, I still believe that when watching this film it provides a more Swedish vibe than the Swedish one itself. The intoxicating acting of Rooney Mara keeps one engaged throughout the whole film, and despite the accent, this film has widened my eyes to the acting ability of Daniel Craig. I guess there's no need to beat around the bush. I'll go ahead and say that Rooney Mara deserves the Academy Award for best actress due to her powerful, yet disturbing role as Lisbeth Salander in this film. Now, with that being said, this movie is why I go to the theater. The setting was perfect, the acting was amazing, the writing was superb, and in my honest opinion, the film clearly separates itself from the Swedish version that many (including myself) saw and loved. It's an American telling of a Swedish novel and everybody dialed it up big time for this movie. Now this is not a movie that I would take a child to go see and I would be skeptical of taking friends to see it around the holidays due to the disturbing content, but it is still beyond amazing. This movie forces you to pay close attention to every little detail when it comes to solving a mystery and the ending is not one you would expect if you had never read the novel. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo shows you the darkest side of people (especially men and I can't go into that without telling you about the film.) I can't say enough about Rooney Mara who transforms herself for this role. For those of you who are dead-set on bashing this film because you love Noomi Rapace as Lisbeth, if you let that go for a little while, you will see like I do, a film that is deserving of every single award it WILL win and consideration as one of the best films of the last 20 years. ALERT: THERE IS CURSING, NUDITY, SMOKING, AND A FAST MOTORCYCLE.GO SEE IT!!I know about the books. I know about the Euro-films. I paid no attention to them.... I went in cold, wanting an unbiased opinion to the Hollywood version.1) Craig played this roll brilliantly. His 007 "stereo-typing" is no longer in question.2) This flick is l-o-n-g. 2.6 hours. Yes, my butt told me it needed shifting. But, this flick kept me wanting more, and I got it.3) Thinking. There are places in this flick where you must think on your own, making your own conclusions. I love this in a drama, I get to play a part, I'm also an investigator.4) Next: THE GIRL WHO PLAYED WITH FIRE. This is a trilogy, ya know.5) Get the LARGE popcorn. I must say that I found it hard to believe that anyone would contemplate doing a remake of this movie. I found the original film to be really unique, very much like a Bergman film, in a league of its own. I read all the books and saw all three movies, all of them excellent.The Nordic feel to the movie is right in your face and everything feels really authentic. The actors are all incredible, Rooney Mara & Christopher Plummer in particular. The action is quite fast paced, with very little time to get complacent.I was on the edge of my seat for the whole film, even though I knew what was going to happen more or less. The ending with Harriet is different from the original. Stieg Larrson makes equally fascinating research for anyone who is interested in the man behind the movie. The photographs and all the research material used in the case file are excellent and add to the feel of the movie. David Fincher is one of the greatest directors of all time. The characters in this film are stellar. The acting, directing and editing is as good as it gets. Rooney Mara is amazing. A must see film. One very cryptic aspect of this film is that on one hand it's about a family of (male) Nazis of whom two were serial killers, but also that the method of the killer is gleaned from the Old Testament and it's brutality and casual yet sadistic methods of murdering women. There are also flashes of Bolshevism, for which the Nazis gained their popularity in Germany for their opposition to Bolshevism and it's blatant genocide of ethnic-Slavs and ethnic-Europeans. The basement scene was my favorite, Stellan's portraial was a masterpiece, the man is brilliant , and who ever wrote this scene's script is a genius.
Great decision casting Rooney, I can't think of a better actress to take on the role.
I'm no movie expert, I'm just a frequent watcher of movies, and this is definitely the best thriller/mystery one I have seen so far. 