John Wick (2014) is the best revenge flick from Keanu Reeves of 2014 from The Matrix (1999) to John Wick (2014) another action fast paced, Entertaining slick action packed film, which kind I have never seen before. It is a very fun, straightforward action movie with an 80's sensibility. It's nice to see Keanu doing these types of roles again. It is one of my personal favorite Keanu Reeves movies. Keanu Reeves is a bad ass what a great action packed blood packed film. Movies should really learn from this on how to make a decent action film, especially with the crap we are getting today like escape plan bullet to the head and such. This film to me is the greatest action film to come out in this century. Keanu was phenomenal the action was so fast paced and exciting my jaw literally dropped as Keanu took out all the bad guys! I personally think this film is better then all Taken films combined. It was simply brilliant, it was made for 20 million dollars and I am glad it made 40 million in the US. I think this film deserved to make 100 million!Old school action with no shaky cam. Definitely the best stunt-man-turned-director-debut I've ever seen. The story is set about John Wick (Keanu Reeves) a retired assassin, who gets dragged back into his field when the Russian Mob put a hit out on him, but instead of killing John, they steal his classic Mustang and kill his newly acquired puppy. This sets John out to exact revenge on the whole mob in a no nonsense kind of way...multiple shots to the chest and one to the head for good measure type of justice. I've never seen a film where the gun play is this to the point and precise as this. I don't know what the body count is, but it's gotta be up there...way up there. Oh...and another thing...they actually reload the guns. Don't see that that often in films. It's got an all star cast of cameo/small roll characters, from Ian McShane, William Dafoe, and John Leguizamo, and I swear one of the bad guy henchman is that "Mayhem" Insurance guy. One of the Best Movie, that Keanu Reeves ever made. From start to finish. Non stop action, all scenes look very realistic. ( The best action movie of the year. ) I Love this movie so much I think the people behind this movie made a great astonish action movie. There are other things in the movie that I love so much. I even think John Wick is so much better than 47 Ronin (2013) that Keanu Reeves made. The most that I love in this movie is Adrianne Palicki as Ms. Perkins I think she did one of the best job portraying and playing the most memorable female assassin I have ever seen. Ms. Perkins made me realized and inspired me that there are a lot of women who choose occupation as a female assassin hired by the mob. There were a lot of female actresses who played an assassin but I have never see any women portrayed like that. Adrianne Palicki is a bad ass! She even played Lady Jaye in the G.I. Joe Team's covert operations a specialist in the movie G.I. Joe: Retaliation (2013) one of my favorite movies. The fight sequence between John Wick and Viggo Tarasov is real and very realistic I did not see any CGI in it. This wouldn't be an action movie without some action. There's plenty of it, and it's perfectly done. The The stunts are completely insane in scale. There is a lot of gun play and powder even the guys reload guns. There are even Daniel Bernhardt from Bloodsport II and The Matrix Reloaded in it. And he was perfect in here and the fight scenes with Keanu Reeves were well done by him. This is the first time In the movie I see Willem Dafoe been the good guy. I haven't seen him in decades playing the good guy since Platoon (1986) my favorite Vietnam war movie! The last thing about the movie I want to say that John Wick was a dog lover and I love dogs. I love how he avenge the puppy's death by mobsters who killed him and than he saved another puppy from the animal shelter when he was wounded. He wasn't a superhero without any bruises on him he was wounded. Keanu Reeves did a wonderful job better than he did in Knock Knock (2015) I only hope they want screwed up the sequel and making much better action movie than the first was.When sadistic young thugs senselessly attack John Wick (Keanu Reeves)-a brilliantly lethal ex-assassin-they have no idea they've messed with the wrong guy. With New York City as his bullet-riddled playground, Wick embarks on a merciless rampage, hunting down his adversaries with the skill and ruthlessness that made him an underworld legend That is the main plot the rating I am giving this movie is a 10/10 because It deserves it. John Wick is something special. It takes as much time setting up elaborate action sequences as it does the world with which it all takes place in. And what a world it is. It reminds me of Millers Crossing and it is cooler than any other recent attempt at noir. We are shown a criminal underworld where, if you are connected, many powerful people know who you are and show you respect. John Wick was connected but he got out. He is the rare killer who has found peace, and he is grateful for that peace. Some young kids steal that from him and he does what he does best, he wages a one man war against the Russian Mafia. It might sound like the film takes quite a leap but it all makes sense. The motives of John and the people who get in the way of his bullets are all very clear, even if it does come across as rather simple. That's the plot at it's most basic. Then there's the action. The film is directed by Reeve's stuntman from The Matrix, so this guy knows action. There are sequences that flow so smoothly it puts other action films and their quick cuts to shame. Keaunu moves so fluidly throughout the film and comes across as such a natural that the only disappointment is that we have not seen him like this before. Along the way are plenty of character actors, fans of The Matrix and The Wire will recognize a few people then there are more obvious ones like Ian McShane and Willem Dafoe. Everyone seems to be having a good time. That is another plus for this movie. It get's dark at times but overall it is quite fun, not very chipper, but fun. I cannot recommend this movie enough. I believe it is a must see for action fans and for anyone looking for something a bit different from the usual fare. What a great movie, This movie is a non-stop fun roller-coaster ride. I love Keanu Reeves. He is perfect in this film. This is the type of movie people will see over and over again. Waited in a long line to see it but it was well worth it. Amazing special effects, great acting, great everything. Best movie I have seen all year. Keanu Reeves is back after a long break and he is better than ever. This is like a combination of Speed and the Matrix combined. Directors Leitch and Stahelski have created a beautiful looking action picture, one that is large enough to deserve the IMAX experience.John Wick is the real deal. It is a amazing action picture, filled with strong performances by a cast, along with superb action set-pieces and a genuinely interesting world to boot. Reeves commands the screen and reminds us why he is still a genuine movie star. This movie is filled with action, highly recommend it to someone who loves action movies. I got to go to a press screening last night! The movie is brilliantly paced, with fantastic (nonshaky cam) action that all feels fresh, new, innovative and unique. Had the theater gasping through each action set piece. the main character despite his unique skill set is very relatable. Keanu was at the top of his game and the director used Keanu's strengths and didn't bring up any weaknesses. Also Don't WATCH any more than the first trailer because I thought it spoiled a major part of the first act MINOR SPOILER ALERT (but was mentioned in the trailer so it shouldn't be a spoiler) the fate of his dog is revealed and would be better not knowing it going into the first act of the film. The supporting cast was great, except whenever i saw the State Farm guy (Mayhem), it took me out of the movie a little bit. But the film brings me right back in! I can't wait to see this again! It doesn't necessarily need to be seen in theaters but any movie is better in the theaters. The most surprising thing about the movie is how funny it is. i found myself grinning and laughing along with the rest of the theater throughout. Yet it doesn't drown out the Intense Drama that is the sturdy shell holding the movie together smoothly. The world that was set up was done perfectly and even though i don't want a sequel i would definitely see one either set in same universe or continuing the story arch from this movie. However the movie does stand on its own two feet as one that has a conclusive ending. The only flaw i found leaving the movie was that the dialogue at the end was a bit muffled. but this was a test screening so i'm sure that will be fixed by the time the movie is released. So for that i give this movie a 9.5/10 and recommend this to pretty much anyone with a like of action movies (yes even if you're female you will still enjoy this movie at least for the first 2 acts) No major spoilers. If you like the action genre done well. Watch John Wick. Vehicles flying around at high speeds, great gun play and kungfoo stuff. This is an action movie! Yes a very violent one and done well.Its been a few years since we have had a well made action movie for a mature audience that could warrant being a new trilogy. Unlike The Expendables. This one is it. But if it dose not happen. Its sure to be a singular cult classic. Especially with its refusal to be a shoot em up style of show, but a shoot em in the face style of show. As well that one of the main plot features, put simply, is that Wick is seeking out vengeance because of the murder of his puppy. Any way no more info. Watch and enjoy. It's pretty much a comic book. The John Wick Universe. Step up from the Matrix. Minimal CG which was cool. It's over the top because that's what it was going for. Finally! An actual action movie with good action in it and an absolute diamond in the fluff. Instead of the usual Hollywood action films as of late, they managed to not sacrifice quality for wokeness-diversity-oppression-de-jour.This needs to be cancelled immediately. I didn't know what to expect out of this movie. When I saw the trailer, I wasn't really impressed. Nothing about it really caught my attention. But then I started hearing things about John Wick, very good things, and ratings for it were high. That's what really caught my attention for it.John Wick is a former hit-man who retired from his profession when he found a woman he loved. When his wife dies suddenly, John wishes to grieve alone until a few days later when he realizes his wife left behind one final gift for him; a puppy. After a minor altercation leads to an even bigger one when thugs decide to break in, steal his car, and kill his dog, John Wick decides that retirement would have to wait until his revenge is fulfilled.What makes John Wick different from other shoot em' up movies is that we're provided with details of John's former life, including old partners and a hotel front which leads the audience eager to wonder the many tales that can be told about John Wick. The movie is fast paced, never really a dull moment, and it always keeps you wondering what he's going to do next and how. Also, his style. John Wick loves using the double tap to his advantage.What else can I say? John Wick is an amazing movie and I can't wait to see what the sequel(s) will provide for us. Bad asss movie I love it, it was totally worth the watch. Forget all the Nancy's that want a movie with meaning. If you're looking to get some kind of emotional connection or value out of this movie, then this is not the movie for you.However, if you're a guy that ever enjoyed renting VHS or DVD action flicks with your pop, then THIS IS ONE THRILL RIDE YOU WILL ENJOY. Cool music from Marilyn Manson, as well as some techno, accompanies all the great action. If you like 'The Replacement Killers' or 'Running Scared' (Paul Walker flick, not the 80's movie), then you should enjoy this also.Keanu Reeves plays one serious bad azz, and could potentially become the next action star. John Wick is an incredible action movie. Keanu Reeves gives an incredibly committed performance, emotionally as well as physically. Ian Mcshane, Michael Nyqvist and John Leguizamo all give great supporting performances. The world is interesting and well explored. The direction by Chad Stahelski and David Leitch is incredible, especially the action which is amazing, beautifully filmed and the best part of the film. The music by Tyler Bates and Joel J. Richard and the songs are both amazing. why a ten? let me tell you why this movie got a ten from me, and i'll try to keep it short.it got weather forecast, it got tragic story, hence the funeral, it got a Mustang, it got a dog, it got some Russian punk, it got tharshy songs, it got some V8 soundtrack, it got house burglary, it got more funeral, it got chop shop, it got Russian mob, it got assassin squad, it got guns, it got clean up crew, it got gold coins, it got a Camaro, it got nightclub, it got some techno songs, it got hot chicks, it got more guns, it got systems, it got old friends, it got old acquaintance, it got bad blood, system got f*cked up, it got more, well,you get my point. and i haven't finish drinking my soda just yet.try watching this movie in your nearby cinema. i promise you, its money well spent. cheers If you don't like action movies, don't bother. However, if you do like action movies, this is a must.This movie fixes everything they screwed up in Jack Reacher. I'm quite proud of Hollywood on this count. If you liked Jack Reacher, you'll love John Wick. If you didn't like Jack Reacher but still like action movies, you will like this.This movie belongs in the greats for male character development, right up there with Crank and Riddick, but somewhere below Army of Darkness, Gladiator, Rambo, and Die Hard. I know it's been a while since Keanu Reeves has done something good (thinking Matrix Reloaded), but he has seriously redeemed himself here. Smart, edgy, quirky and action packed revenge film highlighted by a stellar lead performance by Keanu Reeves and equally effective supporting villainous role by the late Michael Nyquist. As good a shoot-em-up action film as there is. John Wick is one of the best action-pack film of the year. Keanu Reeves is at his best since The Matrix. "Lots of Action", "Badass" "Incredible Story" and " An Unforgettable Thrill Ride" and this is why you go to the movies, with the Best Action Movie of 2014 Fun, just fun. Not your typical action movie. Not messy like a lot of them are typically now. The fighting and gunplay is very smooth, yet also highly graphics and violent. The story, about a retired hitman seeking revenge over the death of his dog, is simple, but since Jon Wick is portrayed as a tragic, sympathetic character, its good enough. Reeves also turns in a surprisingly good performance. If nothing else, this movie deserves respect for its attention to detail. These filmmakers really know what they are doing, they craft and layer this thing with a passion that makes it highly pleasurable to view, right down to the subtitled conversations, being very in sync with whoever is speaking, to a degree that makes reading them faster. That's what this movie is, fast, quick, constant action, with a simple effective story and great performances, also with a passion and professionalism that makes it stand out from the rest. It has earned its spot as a milestone for the genre, based on that alone. A film with everything you need!Filled with Karma, violence, good story and a hint of sadness.What else can you want? This is a Badass movie with a Badass main character called John Wick played by Keanu Reeves and this actor gave a good performance and his character was so cool and he kicked everyone's ass in the film!. I thought this was a very good film it was fast paced and action packed from beginning to end which is what makes the film so good. Also the story is straight forward and to the point. The film may not be perfect or Great but it is a fun action packed film that Never gets boring. The acting was good from everyone and I liked the John Wick character despite the fact that he used to be a hit man. John was just a very cool character he's a character you will route for while watching this movie I know I did. This film has no major problems in my opinion.the only negative thing I can say about the film is the story was not great or original but who cares about originality when a film is this action packed!. This is one of the most action packed films I've seen all year!.it was just as good as captain America the winter soldier.The story to John Wick is pretty simple it's about a retired hit man who loses his wife and he is so miserable after losing her that he wants to leave his old life behind. John Wick tries to leave behind his old life and just be a normal guy and he receives a gift from someone which turns out to be a puppy and his wife wanted him to have it when she passed away,it was her final gift to him. John Wick bonds with the puppy and grows to really like it but one night a group of gangsters break into his house and kill his dog and beat him up then they steal his car and get away.The next day the boy tells his dad what he did and his Dad figures out who the person is and tells his son that he messed with the wrong man!.we find out the boys dad is actually a gangster too and he knows a lot of dangerous people including John wick. I love the dialogue he spoke.(its not what you did son it's WHO you did it to.) That nobody.that nobody is John Wick!.Nobody messes with John Wick!. The son says I'm not afraid of John Wick.The Dad says you should Be.then the boy says who is he the bogeyman?.The dad says he's not the bogeyman he's the man you send to kill the bogeyman!.I thought that was really funny dialogue and I laughed at that.The film has touches of dark humour in it which I liked but the best thing about this film is the Badass over the top action!. John Wick basically goes after the same men that attacked him and killed his dog,he's angry and he wants vengeance and he takes his vengeance and beats up and kills dozens of gangsters. Without a doubt John Wick is one of the coolest gangster revenge films I've ever seen.the fight scenes were well choreographed and the directing and editing were also good and the film has a good idea about a motel for hit men which I thought was funny. In all honesty John Wick is more of a serious film and not a funny one but I noticed small bits of Dark humour in it. One of the best scenes in the movie is when John Wick shoots and beats up dozens of people in the night club!. John Wick just blows his way past all of them! Like a killing machine! and he keeps going until he gets to the boy that killed his dog. The story may sound ridiculous but it's not,it actually WORKS in this film because of the seriousness of the situation. John Wick also has fun lines of dialogue like people keep on asking me if I'm back well yeah I'm thinking I'm back!. John Wick knows how to fight and he is a Badass killing machine in this movie! And I wanted him to get his revenge on the gangsters that ruined his life. John Wick was a brutal character but he's also a character you want to see kick ass and get revenge because the bad guys deserve it. Basically the John wick character snaps and goes on a massacre. It was obvious that losing his wife was hard enough for him but when he lost his dog too it sent him over the edge which is why he did what he did. To sum things up the film has good fight scenes and good gun fights. There is never a boring moment in this film it's pacing is great it was always moving and it was a blast to watch.it is a very Entertaining Badass Action Film!. The movie was one Kick-Ass movie, I recommend it to everyone! (SPOILER ALERT)The special effects were off the chart (still had to close my eyes for a fair amount of the head shots). On top of that, the wrestling maneuvers and the focused shots were a thing of beauty - EXCELLENT choreography. Damn it, Keanu you just keep getting better and better. LololWatching the Mustang fly was just beautiful - I pray he got to keep her - WOW! Beautiful '69. The SS Camero, isn't my favorite by a long shot - clunky tanks, but if you got to go out on manhunt maneuvers, you might as well as have one of the toughest, civilian tanks with you - especially if it had the positraction. :) The last car, a gift from the hotel, was a blank slate - both in it's lack of detail, and my knowledge of new cars. Fortunately, I saw one on the way home and it ended up being a Dodge Challenger. Blew me away and it was a real crime to see it get pushed over the side of the dock. The car was just a thing of beauty.The plot was unassuming, romantic and sentimental and perfectly in line with the main character - an assassin who bought his way out of a nightmare shitty world into of normalcy for the Ultimate Meaning of Life - Love. If you spent most of your life with your emotions completely cut off, what would you do to keep that emotional connection alive? Cut out the maggot promoters of that worthless life, and regain the emotional connection that helps you live? "Hell, Yeah."In this case, a gang of old-school Russian pigs, not unlike some I've met in the past, but thankfully rarely exists today. Since the John Wick story is a case of self-protection and a commitment to family emotional ties, it fit perfectly with our Texan philosophy. A woman would do well to have such a man as the John Wick character to protect the one gift she gave him - Love. The death of the long-haired vixen and the manhunt of the sniveling Ruski, was just icing on the cake. Bottom-feeders, self-promoters and stealers of lives - well, enough said.Get out there and see this movie. You will love it ! ! ! I don't have enough words to say about this movie.It is perfect i love action movies and this movie has everything to be a great action.The story is very nice,the acting is great,the fighting and shooting scenes are great and everything else is awesome.I waited so long for a movie like this.Keanu Reeves is a great actor and the way he played John Wick is great.Also they worked very good on the back story in the movie which makes the movie perfect and enjoyable.I know some people always have doubts about action movies because some of them can be boring not a good story lame characters and etc,but not this one this is a masterpiece. This movie is one of my favorites.And i think a sequel would be great. This is the perfect middle-aged progression of the ass-whipping genre. We've still got it! We can still kick booty! The movie doesn't pretend to be anything it isn't, and delivers everything it is supposed to; graphically violent, but hey, its gangsters getting offed, so the heart strings stay intact while the pulse-pounding action ensues. The fight scenes were well executed, unique, so the predictability didn't matter. One does find oneself saying, "Really? Get another car and dog". I would have changed the dog explanation, instead of "it gave me hope", which didn't make sense, something about it being the last gift from beyond the grave of his beloved wife to remind him of her wishes for his future, thus a personal reminder of walking away from dirt like Ioseph, which would have been a better segue for Viggo's speech. The gas station scene could have made it a little clearer Wick was tenuously hanging onto inexplicable aggressions after losing his wife prematurely, later made clear when we discover the truth of his occupation. Gripping fingers white on the steering wheel? It also needed some explanation why Wick only had a beagle puppy for an alarm system, unlikely for a former hit man. Former, not ex. Ioseph might have explained when Viggo is chastising him for riling the Boogeyman, "That explains why his security system was so good; we almost didn't get in". One line. Then show Wick disarming it before the big home invasion. So many intriguing touches like the "dinner reservations", the gold coins, the Carlton, and Ian McShane running it. Although I don't think he should have called John "Jonathan", totally different name unless they spelled it Jon Wick. Great to see Keanu Reeves in a movie that he was perfect for and in. Totally believable in the roll. Like many attractive men, his looks have evolved into "distinguished", and more awesome to watch on the big screen. He has that star charisma that never fades and it's too bad we don't see more of him. Almost no role was a throw-away: John Luguizamo; perfect, Willem Defoe; spot-on, Michael Nyqvist; riveting. Really well cast all of it, although Dean Winters' role seemed strangely superfluous. And, of course, we wanted Wick to get his car back! Maybe when the hotel manager slid car keys across the counter and said it was a gift, Keanu recognizes his Mustang keys, slides them back and says, "Hang onto that for me, I'll take what I came in". Definitely buying this when it comes out on DVD. Yes I love John Wick to death it is a Non-stop action, I am a huge Keanu Reeves fan I love his movies. But John Wick from 2014 is one of my personal favorite action films of all time. It is bad-ass fast paced action revenge movie about a new kick-ass action hero one man army type. Directed was by Chad Stahelski and David Leitch who both did well job done. The story, the action, the gun blaze action is all in here. Explosions heavy automatic weapons who are used well.The only thing I did not like are the characters not all, but some of the characters I did not like in here and I did not care for. One of the reasons is why I have enjoy the sequel much more it was more creative and passed than the original John Wick. The was made for 20 million budget in 2014 and made 40 million in the US. Keanu Reeves, Adrianne Palicki, John Leguizamo, Willem Dafoe and Michael Nyqvist R.I.P. did a good job playing their characters.A retired assassin seeks vengeance against a mobster's son and his cronies for stealing his car and killing his puppy, a final gift from his deceased wife.This is a revenge film about retired professional lethal assassin who retired years ago with honor for his wife. He made impossible job for Russian Gangster to get out. His wife died by a disease after the funeral John received a present a beautiful puppy from his wife. When sadistic young Russian thugs senselessly attack John Wick and kill his puppy and the last hope of redemption. John bury his puppy and armed him self like an one man army as Schwarzenegger Commando and goes after bad guys like a pure bad-ass he is. He kills all hit-mans who try to take him out until he get's the mobster son.One of the best bad-ass action films of all time since 2014 the same time come out The Equalizer with Denzel Washington and that movie sucked I hated it. It was major disappointment John Wick proved it was no major disappointment but it was major improvement or lack of actions today. This movie was old school action with no shaky cam. So creativity in which in the movie is seen The Continental for members of the city's underworld. It is frequented by many hit-men and notorious murderers who live by code and rules in this hotel, if they break those rules, they die on horrible way and they are revoked. That is what I mean we see a world with assassins members who live in The Continental Hotel.Keanu Reeves become new kick-ass action hero on his own mission of vengeance. I am a huge Keanu Reeves fan I love this movie to death, I love Keanu's performance and also Keanu does not want the movie become a spin off or series. This movie should have three movies so that trilogy will end well. I support Keanu Reeves so much from The Matrix movies, Speed, Constantine, Street Kings and John Wick both of the films I love those movies to death.Adrianne Palicki as Ms. Perkins was great villain as lethal assassin who was hired by Viggo Tarasov to kill John Wick that is one of the reasons why I love this film to death. The fight between Ms. Perkins and John Wick is bad-ass I love it. I love Ms. Perkins to death I love, love, love and admire Adrianne Palicki so much.John Leguizamo had a little role in the movie but I like him and Willem Dafoe plays a lot of characters villains such a Green Goblin / Norman Osborn in Spider-Man and John Geiger in Speed 2: Cruise Control. Most memorable to me is Sgt. Elias in Platoon (1986) who plays a good guy and in this movie he plays Marcus a retired assassin and a friend of John Wick who saves John Wicks life.I love the beautiful songs played in the movie Killing Strangers by Marilyn Manson feat Tyler Bates, In My Mind - M86 ft. Susie Q, Think by Kaleida, Who You Talkin' to Man? by Ciscandra Nostalghia it has beautiful songs in the movie I love. The movie has tons of action , multiple explosions and tons of bullets fired. The film wouldn't be an action movie without some action there is plenty of it. You see a lot of car chases and cars flying over cliff stunt-man is crazy driven a car in the movie.John Wick is about entertaining action about a world of assassins who lives by the rules of The Continental is all about the action and it goes above and beyond in every respect. John Wick has the potential to be the next great action franchise. This is my personal favorite action film I would defiantly put between The Terminator and the Rambo movies. The original John Wick movie is a creative action revenge movie that goes beyond the limits. I wish we would get action movies like this more. I have this movie on Blu-ray disc in my collection. Yeah, corny title for a review of a very not corny movie. I knew going in that it was going to be a solid frame of gratuitous violent action, and I was not disappointed. I've re-watched this movie a number of times and I love it every single time. I hate the dog killing scene (as I have dogs of my own) but root for him the entire time he takes his violent vengeance (as is completely justified and should anyone ever harm one of my dogs, they should expect similar response from me ;) ) but it honestly makes the plot so much more. It actually engenders an emotional investment from the audience, as they cheer on John in his quest to avenge his fallen pet.The best part though, is the fact that Keaneau Reeves actually understands what he is doing and it shows. That little bit of authenticity (there's video of him training for this on YouTube, and he does it every bit as well as the pros do) just takes this movie up and over the edge to awesome!!There's not a lot to think about here, but when you just want a nice chill evening with no deep thoughts, this movie will definitely work, and it won't put you to sleep. I just finished watching this movie.I can only say that I tremendously enjoyed it from start to finish. It is one of Keanu Reeve's best performances since Speed and the movie itself is exceptionally good...I repeat. Exceptionally good.If you liked Taken 1 (Liam Neeson) then you will love this. I would have to even say this is a notch better than Taken 1 as it has a lot more action and the fight sequences are very well done.Anyone that says this movie is bad or complains about the plot or acting etc. needs a reality check. Action movies have never been known for their story lines and all the drama etc., it's an action flick so it won't win any big Oscars for acting etc. but it will give you a thrilling joyride.I highly recommend this movie and congratulations to the film and crew on making this instant classic. 