My grandfather fought in WW2 somehow surviving D-Day. He was apart of Operation Neptune and stormed the beaches of Normandy. He told us a lot of war stories but rarely ever spoke about that day. Before he passed away he did an interview with a local newspaper and detailed what he saw despite it being very difficult for him to speak about. He loved watching war movies... not sure exactly why. Some about that soldier life never really leaves them I guess. He absolutely hated Pearl Harbor cause of the horrible way they portray the military to be a bunch of toothbrush wielding babies who don't know what to do in the event of being attacked. He had a friend stationed there who lost his life and thinks that movie is a disgusting display of ignorance. Soldiers don't take girlfriends on private plane rides. And they most definitely know how to swim. Maybe I'll give that movie a good ripping one day.But Saving Private Ryan was a respectable "I can't watch this" reaction. He said no movie has come that close to capturing what that day was like. He said it was too realistic. Whether or not the story is based on real or fiction, that intro was 100% realistic. I'm not sure if he ever did finish watching it but he appreciated it for capturing that chaos like no other movie has before. I watched the movie a dozen times now and keep it in my collection as a reminder of my grandfather. A scene he was technically in. Which makes me appreciate how strong of a person he really is.War is hell and this movie not only shows that while being an entertaining experience but also captured what soldiers are left behind with. My grandfather was not afraid of anything. I've seen this man walk into a cellar full of black widows to get firewood and not even shake them off. The only time he ever experienced fear was when he went to bed. His nightmares of his time during the war would haunt him in his sleep. This movie helped me understand why. The first 23 minutes of this film is rated at a 12.My good friend and I took our sons, 17 at the time, to see this in a theater. I am a senior military officer who experienced combat in 1967 - 68 - 69. We wanted the boys to see the horror of war, the slaughter.I have had to pack up the personal effects of my comrade to send back to his mother after he was killed in the Viet Nam war. Those of you who have not done this cannot even comprehend.After the opening combat scenes the film was an 8. Well done.War is hell and to those of us who have been there ... well I don't know what to say.Neither of our sons joined the military ... thank God. I have never been affected by a movie the way Saving Private Ryan affected me.  That movie really took me out of my seat in the movie theater and practically had me believing I was really in the battle with John Miller. When somebody was dying in that movie, it felt as if you could almost feel their pain.  Speilberg did an unbelievable job of putting realism into this movie with the camera-work and everything else.  Simply amazing.  An all time great. Possibly the most realistic depiction of gruesome war shown in film in Spielberg's yet another addition to his perfect films collection. I got emotional during the last scene in this film as it really makes you feel for the character. The story goes as Tom Hank's character is tasked to find and save the only Ryan brother as all of his other brothers are K.I.A. and Hank's performance as a soldier in World War 2 is possibly the most realistic as it shows the horrors that troops saw during the assaults. Matt Damon as Ryan is also very good as he was relatively young which adds to how young soldiers were sent to hell to fight the Japs. The last scene really hit the heart for me and creates the best emotional resonance. The incredible special effects really show the true gritty reality of war. This film is not like previous classic war movies such as Where Eagles Dare and The Guns of Navarone where they somewhat glorify being in war. Saving Private Ryan is among the greatest of Spielberg. Today, there have been similar gritty movies of war such as Fury and Hacksaw Ridge but for me, this is better than those. Overall, I highly recommend seeing this obviously take into count the lengthy running time but it is well worth it. It gives a million reason why no one should go to war and one very powerful reason to go to war. It is a soul numbing realistic depiction of what our grandfathers, fathers, uncles, brothers and sons have faced in humanities darkest moments. Not just in WWII but in any war. No one can see this movies without being altered in some way. No one should miss it with the EXCEPTION of those war veterans that have already been there. The surround sound puts the audience in the middle of the battle. Steven Spielberg has out done himself and effectively held up a mirror to civilization for events to which we should all be ashamed of, rather than appalled at the movie for its real life depictions. I suggest that this movie be made standard view for congress as well as the President each and every time the question of war comes up. This movie would not stop future wars but I would hope the objectives would be much more clearly defined. I say this as a US Marine. 21 years ago this movie was released and I finally watched it in 2019. I really struggled to watch and I cried and I wept through most of the movie. I did two tours in Nam. This movie was like being back in country. I will never watch it again. It's just eats my guts out. This film is an absolute masterpiece. It shows that war isn't always glamorous. Steven Spielberg won a Best Directing Oscar for his work on this film and the film went on to win four others. It is gritty and bloody and it shows that wars aren't won by weapons but by soldiers. The cast shine as the group of soldiers tasked with finding Private Ryan. Along the way they encounter the harsh truth and real meaning of war. It boasts impressive battle sequences and the stylish cinematography makes the film truly beautiful. The opening beach sequence is possibly the greatest opening scenes in movies. Tom Hanks is spell binding as the commander who has no idea about the harsh truth of war. Overall a truly amazing film. ........from Pasto,Colombia...Via: L.A. CA., CALI, COLOMBIA and ORLANDO, FLNumbing shockon a cellular levelmotivated me to return to the theater a week later, to experience it again. I was not in the least disappointed. Indulged myself by acquiring the DVD soon after its release and reliving the experience on numerous occasions! In RYAN, Spielberg succeeds in getting inside the viewer's head by immersing us in his ingeniously structured cascading time-lapse glacier of chaos, resulting in a 2½ hour free-fall rush into overwhelming impotence. RYAN seers the hell of war into every pore of your psyche, like no other war movie before or since. Watching it is a delightful exercise in masochistic pleasure.Certainly, anything but war friendly, Spielberg's 1998 classic, the highest rated war themed film in the history of cinema (#33-IMDb Top 250 today), only makes oblique reference to the diabolical nature of the Nazi juggernaut. RYAN tenaciously and consistently drives home the only "shades of gray" nature of the nuts and bolts, day-to-day, moment to moment decision options available in the heat of battle! I offer, as an example of this, various moments of on screen interaction with German prisoner of war, nicknamed "Steamboat Willie"Just watch, eventually you will understand!Also, I think a special note of recognition is due to Denise ChamianIf the name doesn't ring a bell, don't feel badshe did not register with me either! Her name appears for The CASTING Credit of RYAN. Superb job, Ms. Chamian!(Minority Report/Big Fish) She has been nominated on multiple occasions by the Casting Society of Americabut RYAN seems to be her only win! (An extremely well deserved one, in my opinion)The Ensemble cast also received a Screen Actors Guild Nomination in that category. After having seen RYAN at least 10 times, I stand firmly by this accolade: One of the BEST Ensemble performances ever! To anyone out there who hasn't seen RYAN, maybe because of its War or Action genre labelThis is one hell of a humanistic Greek tragedy that you simply must see! To those of you who have seen it once or twice, but who haven't in years.Please give it another lookYou won't be disappointed in the leastRYAN only gets better with each viewing!10*....ENJOY!/DISFRUTELA! Without looking, I am sure other reviewers here have headlined their article "Best War Movie Ever Made"" and I agree. However, before briefly discussing the film, let me just say if you don't have a decent 5.1 surround sound system, you aren't going to fully appreciate this movie (DVD).It's a great film to start with, and sitting in a room surrounded by five speakers with bullets flying from all directions around you - as in that spectacular 22- minute opening scene or in the final 45 minutes of action against the Germans in tanks - is an astounding movie experience. The sound in this film elevates it even higher.The visuals are outstanding, too. I've never seen so many grays, beiges and olive-greens look this good: perfect colors for the bombed-out French city where the last hour takes place, perfect for the faces and uniforms of the gritty soldiers, for the machinery, the smoke-filled skies, etc.My only complaint is the usage of Lord's name in vain 25-30 times, but, hey, when you consider it's tough men in tough times, that's what you are going to hear. In real life, the profanity probably was worse than the film. It's hard to picture the brutality of war being any worse than you see here, but it probably was. This is about as graphic as it gets. The violence and gore was shocking when this film came out in 1997 and still is when watched almost a decade later. It's unbelievable what some of the WWII soldiers went through, but that can be said for any war. I believe the purpose of this film was to pay tribute to the sacrifices these men made, and it succeeds wonderfully. Hats off to Steven Spielberg and to Tom Hanks, the leading actor in here, both of whom have worked hard for WWII vets to get the recognition they deserve, not just on film but in a national memorial.Anyway, language or blood and guts aside, this is still an incredible portrait of WWII. The almost-three hour film is riveting start-to-finish, especially with that memorable beginning action scene, probably the most dramatic in the history of film.As "entertaining" as those action scenes were, I found the lulls, if you will, to be even better. Listening to Hanks and his men discuss various things as they look for Private Ryan, was fascinating to me. Hanks is just superb in here and once again shows why he is considered one of the best actors in his generation.The most memorable and powerful moment among the "lulls," is the shot early on of the Ryan mother sinking to her knees on her front porch as she realizes she is about to get disastrous news from the war. Moments later, Harve Presenell, playing Gen. MacArthur, eloquently reads a letter by Abraham Lincoln that is so beautifully written, so profound that it is quoted near the end of the film, too, and I never get tired of hearing it.This is a man's movie, and shows the horrors of war as few others ever have. To say it is "memorable," just doesn't do it justice. It is the greatest war movie ever made....period. The opening beach assault sequences were the most violent, realistic, and upsetting filming I've ever seen; looked as though the thing was actual combat footage. The shushing noises of rounds cutting through the air was the most chilling part of all. Perfect portrayal of the insane stupidity of war and the anguish of all who enter this most foolish of enterprises. A must see. An amazing and compelling insight to warfare. Umbelievable camera shots/angles bring World War 2 to life especially for the US troops on D-Day. The use of flash bullets, and color saturation just add to the effect of a killing ground that not many people survive to come back from. This movie is so powerful. I couldn't watch it without crying, jumping, gasping, screaming, laughing, and cringing. It brought you through a whole array of emotion.I couldn't help but give my entire being over to each character as a stunning performance was drawn by each actor. Simply amazing. I can't describe it any other way.Easily the best war film I've seen. None was more realistic... Amazing amazing amazing.Recommended to anyone who enjoys historical fiction.LOVED IT! "Saving Private Ryan" is one of Steven Spielberg's most haunting and visually stunning films. As the film opens, you see an elderly man (Whose identity is not revealed until the end), standing at a headstone, in tears. Why? You soon understand the story as we go back in time.It is D-Day, June 6th,1944. You are soon caught up in the battle on Omaha Beach. And it is INCREDIBLY bloody. Soldiers are shot, drowned, blown apart or on fire during the battle on the beach against the Germany army. One of the soldiers fighting is Capt. Miller (Tom Hanks, in one of his best performances), who fights bravely, but you can see the terror that engulfs him. His hands say it all: an uncontrollable shaking.Soon after the battle, Miller is given a mission: seems that 3 of the killed men were brothers. A fourth is behind enemies lines and needs to be rescued and sent home to America. With his team members accompanying him, Miller starts his search for Private Ryan (Matt Damon).This is not an easy mission. Every single man knows that they may not survive the trek through the countryside of Normandy. Pvt. Reiben (Edward Burns)believes that Pvt. Ryan is not worth saving, at the cost of their lives. But with courage and determination by the team (although some members do lose their lives), they find Ryan. However, Ryan refuses to leave because a bridge in a bomb shattered town needs protection from the German army. With the assistance of the surviving team, they take a stand against the army. It is at this point that the surviving team members understand the importance of a lingering question through the film: will their sacrifice make a difference? By taking a stand to defend the bridge, the answer is obvious: yes.The performances of the actors are powerful; Including Hanks, Burns and Damon, you have Tom Sizemore, Barry Pepper, Adam Goldberg, Giovanni Ribisi, Vin Diesel and Jeremy Davies. John Williams, who always works well with Spielberg, provides a powerful score. The battle at the beginning of the film is one of the most heart wrenching scenes in cinematic history (And is not for the squeamish). It is a very moving film, and you will need plenty of tissue before you watch it. Saving Private Ryan is a military movie based during World War II. The movie starts with the invasion of Normandy at what is now known as D Day. Captain Miller, who is played by Tom Hanks, leads his troops onto the beaches of Normandy against the Germans. Once they are able to take the beach, they learn of story of Private James Ryan. James and his other four brothers are scattered throughout Europe battling in World War II. The United States Headquarters learns that all of James's brothers have been killed in action, leaving James the only sibling to survive. The United States Military learns that his mother will be receiving all news that all three of his brothers have been killed in action. In a plot to give his mother some type of comfort, the Military sends Captain Miller and his troops on a hunt to find Private Ryan and tell him what had happened and to get him back home.The theme of the film is courage. Throughout the film the soldiers show tremendous courage in their journey from the beginning until the end. The soldiers had to go through one of the most horrific and bloody battles from World War II and had to show tremendous courage to make it and take the beach. After they took the beach they had to go on a journey in order to find Private Ryan. They had to search throughout Europe to find Ryan while going through several battles and their own battles with each other. They lost many men including Corporal Caparzo. All of those men lost, just so that they could get Private Ryan and send him home to his mother.Lighting and sound effects were two major techniques used in the movie to enhance and capture the attention of the viewer, and to create a very lifelike impersonation of what those scenes were like in real life. When Caparzo was shot by a sniper the scene was very dark, it was raining and there was little visibility for the soldiers due to fog. The surround sound of the rain made it very intense and made it feel as if you were right there. The sound of explosions going off at every corner captures the moments of war that make it horrible to be in. It makes you after these scenes make you think to yourself what it would really be like in a war like that and if that's how it really was.Saving Private Ryan is one of the best military movies of all time. The courage that these men faced with themselves and to find someone that none of them knew was extremely heroic. They made it possible to help with a grieving mother who had lost not one but three sons in the heat of battle in World War II. This movie is a must see so that we can try and understand what these young men and women had to go through and sacrifice in order for us to live in freedom. Together with "Schindler's List (1993) and "Platoon" (1986), "Saving Private Ryan" ranks as one of the greatest war movies of all time. Like "Platoon" it gives the viewer an "in the trenches" experience.Spielberg has hit another home run with this one. The battle scenes are so realistic and gut wrenching that the viewer is left with the impression of what the real battles were actually like. Spielberg conveys the uselessness and futility of war as we follow Tom Hanks and his squad in their search for Private Ryan following a devastating battle on D-Day.Spielberg's two World War II masterpieces, Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan should be required viewing at the high school level in order to instill in our youth a sense of the sacrifices that were made over a half a century ago in order to preserve our freedom. Saving Private Ryan is a top WWII film and I've seen it a dozen times. As the film starts we are presented with a hundred or so ships coming across the sea. Suddenly violence erupts and soldiers are slaughtered on the D-Day Assualt. In the assualt, Captain Miller (Tom Hanks) leads his platoon up and around the German lines for a flank attack. Across the ocean, a mother receives three KIA letters in the same day but is promised that her youngest son, Private Ryan (Matt Damon) will be found in France and sent home. On the Normandy beach, Captain Miller and his platoon will be sent on a suicide mission across France to find Private Ryan and battle across the German lines. Through the whole mission the soldiers are pushed to the limit with the death of comrades and questioning of the mission.Steven Spielberg works his magic again with the presentation of one of the most honored war movies in film history. Tom Hanks is strong, smart and above all good as Captain Miller. There is also a surprise with one of Vin Diesel's first roles as Private Caparzo. The violence is brutal, bloody, and well crafted. Each character is interesting and their fears and weaknesses are each expressed in the film.Saving Private Ryan. Starring: Tom Hanks, Tom Sizemore, Edwards Burns, Barry Pepper, Vin Diesel, and Matt Damon.4 1/2 out of 5 Stars I'm starting to think that everything that Speilberg touches turns to gold. This is probably considered one of the greatest movies of all time and it is directed by Speilberg. The movie is incredable. The beginning was horrifying. I couldn't believe how accurate it was and painful it was to watch. When I studied WW2 in high school, I thought no one could ever re-create the Beach of Normady. But Speilberg did. I felt like I was there with the soldiers. I felt their fear, pride, and love for their country. I couldn't believe how much dedication our armies put into fighting and winning the war. And whenever I go to visit Washington D.C., I have more American pride then ever. I am more than proud to give this movie a10/10 This is truly the best war movie i've ever seen!!! Eerytime I watch it I cannot stop crying, I get goosebumps only by thinking of it; what makes it so special is that "Private Ryan" seems to have learned the lesson: "EARN THIS!", it seems that he truly respected a dying man's wish. About the scenes in the movie, I played the computer game "Medal of Honor - Allied Assault" and I was surprised to see a lot of the movie scenes in the game (Normandy, Sniper city - Caparzo, The bridge) or vice versa. I don't have to tell you that MOHAA is my favorite Computer game ever. All the respect to the genius of Steven Spielberg (I mean it's like he was there)Bottom line: if you haven't seen it yet, YOUR GREAT LOSS Saving Private Ryan is, without a doubt, the best war movie ever made and one of the best movies of all time. I wasn't sure what I would think of this movie before I saw it. I heard the gore and carnage was too much, and I heard the story and action was great.When I finally did see it, I loved it. The gore wasn't as bad, in my opinion, as everyone said it was. I thought the battles scenes were fantastically done. They were entertaining to watch, but with a certain sadness to it. I also think the moments of reflection among the soldiers was very good too. You got to hear their thoughts about the enemy, the soldiers and the war itself.The acting was great, especially by Tom Hanks. Tom Hanks certainly deserved the Academy Award for best actor, even though he did not get it. Matt Damon also did a great job as Private Ryan. Watch for a great cameo-like performance by Ted Danson.The storyline was interesting. Most of all, it showed what the war was like and how horrible it was. Some of the American soldiers were killed before they even entered the battlefield, some before they could even fire back, and some went down in a blaze of glory. Either way, you felt pity for the Americans and hatred for the Nazis.The mission the soldiers were on was to find a single man, Private Ryan, and bring him home, because all of his brothers were killed and he was the last male survivor of the family. You, along with the soldiers in the movie, will always be thinking about whether it is worth it to risk eight lives to save one man. Many things happen through the film that will keep changing your mind about it.If blood, guts and gore bothers you, you really should not watch Saving Private Ryan. Otherwise, I recommend going out and buying it right away. You will not be disappointed. Steven Spielberg's masterpiece. Tom Hanks most magnificent performance. Winner of 5 Oscars and more than 70 other prizes worldwide. Unprecedented true to life combat photography. Dynamic 3 hour long story that elevates this movie into the best tribute to all those American soldiers who died fighting for freedom in Europe during World War II. This is THE ultimate depiction of D-Day when the Americans freed western Europe. What a tragic and bleak, yet glorious epic war classic!The story is literally about the rescuing behind enemy lines of an American soldier called Ryan, played by Matt Damon in a small supporting role. Tom Hanks has to rescue the guy with a team of specially selected soldiers, among which are Giovanni Ribisi and Vin Diesel. Their journey to find and rescue private Ryan is a long, bleak and bloody one, in which soldiers are normal people with nervous breakdowns who go mental when confronted with so much cruel violence. This is not a gung ho funny action movie, this is how it really could have happened, with all the bleak and twisted soul shattering fears that soldiers have to conquer mentally, when they are in combat.The photography is stunning. Like I have never seen it before. Seen this movie many times now and it bewilders me every time how they have achieved such a level of true to life war combat photography. Even if you might not like the story, which I would find hard to believe, the action photography on itself is worthy of an Oscar, which it deservedly got.The soundtrack is dark and glorious. The sound effects were sonically blasting my ears when the tanks started rolling and the mortar shells were exploding all around. Editing is done with a fever pitch that keeps me glued to the screen. I can go on and on about the superb technical skills with which this movie was made, but the most important thing is that this movie has a got a pulsating righteous heart at it's core. This movie touches me profoundly. Only a few times during the last 40 years, have I ever been this fascinated by a war movie. Incredibly impressive! This film is an absolute masterpiece. It shows that war isn't always glamorous. Steven Spielberg won a Best Directing Oscar for his work on this film and the film went on to win four others. It is gritty and bloody and it shows that wars aren't won by weapons but by soldiers. The cast shine as the group of soldiers tasked with finding Private Ryan. Along the way they encounter the harsh truth and real meaning of war. It boasts impressive battle sequences and the stylish cinematography makes the film truly beautiful. The opening beach sequence is possibly the greatest opening scenes in movies. Tom Hanks is spell binding as the commander who has no idea about the harsh truth of war. Overall a truly amazing film. Even thinking about this film gives me the chills , well,like practically everything Mr. Spielberg has done in his career , lifting the American movie into the cinematic heaven . Hopefully , many movies are still ahead of him , the greatest artist ever, no doubt !There is nothing new to say about Saving Private Ryan , after so many years , except that perhaps it ought to become the must study subject for anyone interested in military history or history as such , because ,friend,it cannot go any gorier than this , that is, any more realistic than this ( watch Rambo 4 , When Trumpets Fade , Windtalkers ). Saving P.R. has somehow created a new genre of films , that is ultra-realistic war movie that transcends anything solely written, in fact , as has always been the case with Mr. Spielberg, literature gets its visual manifestation, where even Shakespeare would pipe down and bow in reverence ! Even 10 is not enough , simply no numerical quality, unit , exists to describe the sheer power of this cinematic experience , not even the designation 'film 'itself can do this ! Angelic, stratospheric , out of this dimension , Mona Lisa in cinema ! Read dedjim's comments on this movie. His are the best by far. I'm sad to see that this sight is mainly a place where people come to express their thinly veiled political diatribes in the guise of a movie review.This was a great movie about sacrifice, courage, loss, violence, revenge, folly, and most of all the strength of character it took (and takes) to defeat evil. The young people of that time defeated fascism (and later communism). Their children and grandchildren would not have their character forged in a worldwide depression dovetailed with a worldwide war. This reality explains much about the differences between the generations. Theirs was one of stoicism. The ones that followed were less mature, and generally lacking in accurate historical perspective - I say this as a retort to those who post on here mainly invoking their political bents.This movie is a more accurate "experience" of WW2 than most movies made on the subject. My next door neighbor for 15 years was one of the most gentle and humor-filled men I have ever known. He never once mentioned to me that he was a decorated WW2 bomber pilot. But he was. He came from a humble background; was wounded in the war; lost many friends in the war; and met his future wife (Army nurse) during the war. Then he returned from the war and instead of letting his experiences ruin him and the country, he and his compatriots helped rebuild a nation and a world. I came to know him better after his death by talking to his family about the experiences he went thru during the turning point in history known as WW2.This movie is a masterpiece made by one of the masters in Hollywood. Anyone who disagrees can run their car into a wall at a fatal 150mph. This is the greatest war movie ever made. 10 Reasons why. 1. Great Cast 2. Great Story 3. Great Set Design 4. Great Introduction 5. Great Closing Scene 6. Great Sound Effects 7. Great Realism (People die in war, not everyone lives in this one) 8. Great Score (by John Williams) 9. Great Purpose 10. Because I said so. This movie is so good that I bought the DVD. I don't buy many movies for three reasons. 1. Most movies get boring after you see them twice or more. 2. Rarely is a movie worth the 20 dollars. 3. Only a moron would waste money on a movie he or she would only watch once then throw it in a cabinet for the rest of his or her life. Anyway...this movie rocks, end of story. A very cool movie that contains the best movie editorial, a shocking ending, characters that the viewer has to watch, and a great acting representation 