The best film in the era of Daniel Craig as James Bond. Supremely well acted. The best performances are by Craig, Dench and Bardem who are prize. Great action scenes, big issue that touches past Bond and M which little is known. Sam Mendes does a masterful job directing this installment of James Bond. Realmete with this film you can compare Danie Craig Sean Connolly. 'Could we discuss the next part of your performance over that drink?' asks the glittering Severine (Berenice Marlohe) from a suave tuxedoed James Bond (Daniel Craig). And indeed, this 23rd Bond outing, superbly directed by the usually reliable Sam Mendes, does just that, pausing appropriately to settle down leisurely over a drink, for some flirtation, some tense verbal confrontation, some self-reflection and brooding just before cutting away to some clean-cut, thrilling action. The result is the uniquely named 'Skyfall' a Bond film so full of the vintage charm and charisma yet fashioned in modern, urban and instantly accessible style that it ends up being one of the finest films of the franchise.Yes, Mendes' film is a solid revamp of the Bond franchise, bringing in welcome dollops of humor, luxury and sensuality that went missing from the franchise with the last outing. And impressively enough, there is enough emotion without slowing things down, enough tension and action without making it too frenetic and the pacing is so, so perfect that you seldom feel the film falling short or dragging too long.Pretty much everyone would agree that the 60s were the heyday of the Bond films. Those Sean Connery-starrers were primarily all about the leading man and his ladies but each was fashioned with such a slick ease, wise-ass humor and layer-cakes of moments that we embraced them all as subversive classics. 'Skyfall' fortunately, is a film that reaches up to that caliber.Clearly, the best thing about the film is the pacing. Mendes is in no hurry to let the film unravel. The story begins in Istanbul, with Bond and his side-kick Eve Moneypenny (a sharp-tongued Naomie Harris, smarter than ever), chasing down a man with a list. The action scenes come in neatly and the opening pursuit shifts from a hectic bike chase on the rooftops to the cliff-hanging fight on top of the train and it all looks truly spectacular.The plot is simple enough- MI6 is under attack from a former agent- a renegade named Silva (Javier Bardem) who has a knack for orchestrating terrorist attacks with a simple click of the mouse. But trust me, this has to be one of the smoothest Bond outings in recent years; Mendes smartly and adroitly navigates the action from Istanbul to alternately grey and sunny London and from the stunning Shanghai to the villain's lair- ideally an abandoned island and finally in Bond's ancestral home in rural Scotland's foggy moors, setting the stage for a truly dramatic experience.And, boy, it delivers. For all the charm that it delivers, this has to be one of the most intimately dramatic Bond outing since ages. The plot is about how the ubiquitous computer can be used as a weapon for security breach but more importantly, this is a film that pairs both Bond and his nemesis in the same light- both are tortured souls, both were MI6 heroes who had been left for the dead in the name of protocol and duty and M, played superbly by Judi Dench, looms like a domineering matriarch over both the men. Silva's angst is against M's cold-blooded dedication to her duty, and Bond feels some of it as well but the latter clings to his morals out of loyalty to his nation. The stakes are downright personal and high and clearly each scene of action or searing tension feels immediate, urgent and the film gels with us on a personal level.But none of it jars. Smartly enough, everything is on an even keel- the action feels perfectly urgent but it does not stretch, the drama is poignant and painful, the humor comes in like a fresh breath into the taut proceedings and it all works impeccably as smoothly as the click of a mouse itself.'Skyfall' also proves quite what everyone is saying since 2006's 'Casino Royale- that Daniel Craig is the best Bond we had since Connery. This is a film where he is never as before- instead of the hardened, brutal action hero we were handed last time, here is a more relaxed Bond, clearly at greater ease, flirting with women and sparring with M and Q (an impressive Ben Whishaw) with equal dry charm and sarcasm. He makes his one-liners blaze and his quieter moments are played out with a subtlety. He rules the film without trying too hard. It is a solid, compelling act.And he is matched by the villain as well. Super performer Javier Bardem shows up in an unforgettable role as the menacing Silva, a man whom you might cringe at yet a character who stays with us as long as he is there in the film. He flips between smooth talking to a nasty edge with superb ease and his confrontation with Bond is clearly the highlight of the film. This is also an action film where the cinematographer also stands out. The work of veteran lens-man Roger Deakins is clearly one of the best things in this film. Deakins bathes each frame, from the action and suspense to the more reflective and emotional sequences with a fantastic play of light, shadow, shade, texture and perspective. Everything looks stunning, perfectly placed and in balance yet urgent and explosive.'Skyfall' is clearly a Bond film for the ages. The layer-cakes of vintage moments are perfectly underlined with a modern style- the scene between Q and Bond is a moment of self-reflexive humor, clearly revealing the generation gap between the two and the one between the new and the old Bond. Clearly, this is a film that has something for both the fans of old and fans of new. And that is a grandstanding achievement itself.Thank you, Daniel Craig. Thank You, Javier Bardem and thank you, Sam Mendes, for making me believe in James Bond again.Now, give us some more. Ah! It was worth the wait. "Skyfall" is loaded with jaw-dropping awesome stunts and special effects, one of the most beautiful and tragic Bond girls ever--the stunning Bérénice Marlohe, and a brilliant theme song from the fabulously talented Adele and producer Paul Epworth lushly orchestrated by J.A.C. Redford. There is sizzling homo erotic tension between Daniel Craig's perfect Bond and Javier Bardem's Silva, a villain the likes of which have never been seen in this franchise. Dame Judi Dench's marvelous "M" is set up for retirement from the onset of the film. Dench, who has portrayed M for seven Bond films--a record- -is given the screen time she deserves to honor her character. While Craig's "Casino Royale" remains my favorite with its bloody and raw portrayal of the spy business and most tender Bond romance since "On Her Magesty's Secret Service," "Skyfall" is full and satisfying and among the best films of its kind released this season. It has been a long ride for the Bond series, since the creation of the character there have been 15 novels by Ian Fleming, plenty of spin-off novels, comics, cartoons and video games and the film series is now 50 years old. There have been an extraordinary 23 official films, but few as extraordinary as Skyfall.After a mission goes wrong in Istanbul, MI6 loses a hard drive containing a list of all NATO agents within terrorist cells, and James Bond (Daniel Craig) is presumed Killed in Action. M's (Judi Dench) competence is questioned and the Chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee, Gareth Mallory (Ralph Fiennes) plans to replace her. Making matters worse, a cyber-terrorist targets MI6 and M personally, getting a hold of the list and causing an explosion within MI6's headquarters. An older, more damaged Bond then returns to duty to serve Queen and Country, having to prove he is in shape before going on the search to find the terrorist.Skyfall is a long-awaited film thanks to MGM's financial woes, but it delivers. Skyfall takes a darker approach as we've seen with the past couple films and it's very character driven, yet Sam Mendes and the screenwriters still provide a massive injection of fun. Like most Bond films, Skyfall starts with an incredible chase sequence in Istanbul and continues strongly from then on, including a very stylish silhouette fight in Shanghai. The action scenes sequences were pristinely shot and practical effects were at the forefront.A challenge for the Bond series has always been real-world relevance. The series has faced down all challenges, from the end of the Cold War to the War on Terror. Skyfall tackles the changing nature of espionage. MI6 is no longer the shadowy organisation that the British government denied existed; it has to face the realities of the 24-hour media age we live in and the democratic accountability that incurs.The nature of the threats have changed, Bond faces a cyber-terrorist and along with the new Q, both could cause more damage than Bond can. In the real world, we have seen what Anonymous is capable of and seen how the Stuxnet worm affected the Iranian nuclear program. But there is always a need for people in the field to investigate. As M says, she is scared of this new world because many of the West's enemies are now faceless and nationless, and this element can work in the series' favour. Versatility has always been a Bond hallmark, which is why it is so enduring.Skyfall also goes full circle for Bond, as the filmmakers reintroduce popular characters, gadgets and humour. In Casino Royale, Bond is a young man who is bold, arrogant and reckless but can get the job done; in Skyfall, Craig is playing an older Bond who is both physically and emotionally vulnerable.The idea of an older Bond was briefly touched on in the unofficial film Never Say Never Again, but that was more to accommodate a 52-year-old Sean Connery being in the role. In Skyfall there is actual thematic reasons behind it. Craig gives another excellent performance, cementing his reputation as both a great actor and a great Bond, and the script treats him more as a character than an archetype. Along with M's character arch, the film tackles a theme of facing the past so it can be cleansed.The casting of Javier Bardem was a coup for the series and we as Bond fans are rewarded with a great villain. Bardem makes out Raoul Silva to be a man with seemingly camp mannerisms, but the master planner has a very sinister delivery. He has a complex, tragic background but he is not like other Bond villains looking for control, world domination, money or even self-preservation: he simply wants revenge.Skyfall is a great milestone to celebrate Bond's 50th birthday on film, and the Easter eggs for fans aren't overbearing, but rather nice touches. The last anniversary Bond film, Die Another Day, was a disaster and regarded as one of the worst Bond films. It felt like it had to keep referencing the previous films. Skyfall features a few major references to previous Bond films: Bond getting injured (The World is Not Enough), Bond faking his death (You Only Live Twice), the gun that can only work with Bond's palm print (Licence to Kill) and a similar villain to the one in Goldeneye. But these are references you would want to find, not being forced upon you.Skyfall felt very much like end of one chapter and the start of a new one. Mendes and the writers were able to reintroduce many tropes of the Bond series and still give them a modern and believable twist. For a film that has a 143-minute running time (the second longest Bond film), Skyfall never felt like it dragged and it was an exciting, entertaining film.Please visit www.entertainmentfuse.com Skyfall is a special James Bond Movie. Suddenly there was a 964 Astin Martin and Bond said "we're going back in time" to M, thats very neat. The story line has a car chase near the beginning, Bonds obituary shown in the trailer so no spoiler intended. There is Bonds road to recovery and testing. Bond thinks he passed by the skin of his teeth. The Villain brags that bond failed all of the tests, range, psychological, medical other. The bottom line is that the head of British Intelligence saw Bond as fit for the field. The screenplay is very good. One of my James Bond short stories was called Golden train with a fight on the top of a train tunnel and a sniper aiming at the train written in 2010. Commander James Bond celebrate 50 years of the Bond movie franchise with style the most successful movie franchise ever. It's James Bond's 50th anniversary, and the 23rd Bond film, Skyfall, proves that there's still some bullets left in his Walter PPK. The plot of Skyfall is simplistic, a hard drive containing the identities of every secret agent embedded in terrorist organizations around the world is stolen, but it's how director Sam Mendes turns the film more so into a chess match than a whodunit, that marks this entry. The flamboyant villain, Silva, is an aggressive mastermind, manipulating the actions of MI6 through cyberterrorism, forcing M, MI6, and Bond to play defense the entire film, trying to keep out of checkmate, and in the end Bond and M retreat to Bond's boyhood home, Skyfall, to try to get Silva to drop his defenses.The thing about Skyfall, is that it is different than any other Bond film before it. It's a somber experience, almost melancholy. It's not cranked up to 11, it's not a simple bad guy wanting to take over the world story, in so many ways it's a character piece. The biggest action sequence is the Istanbul opening where 007 chases a bad guy across cars, motorcycles, and trains, and the rest of the film gets gradually smaller and smaller in scale, until all that is left are Bond, M, and Silva. It's the way their pasts come back to haunt them that is the spine of Skyfall. Bond still clings to the death of his parents, M is questioning her past decisions to sacrifice agents when the ends justified the means, and Silva is bitter over M having sacrificed him on a mission long ago, like she does with Bond in the opening. Unlike any other Bond film, it's about the relationships that these characters have with one another that shapes the narrative and the action. Bond's trust in M is tested, leading him down a certain path of action, but then it's reinforced, and then he stops at nothing to protect her from Silva. That is the true brilliance of Skyfall, it doesn't shy away from showing the humanity of these characters, or how their actions have repercussions, but rather it shows how they use those repercussions to carry on and finish the mission.Daniel Craig proves he is once more a more than capable 007, utilizing a dry sense of humor to deliver lines that Roger Moore would have hammed up. Like he did in Casino Royale, Craig finds a way to make Bond relatable and human to the audience. In the film, James Bond is portrayed as slightly older, having lost his edge, and not necessarily hip with the times where espionage is mostly done by computers and not field work. As a matter of fact, Bond is injured throughout most of the film, not at his physical peak, due to gunshot wounds sustained in the opening. Therefore, he's not really a superhero, but rather a human being who is constantly outmatched throughout the entire film, but as he proves by the end, it's not age or old school methods that define the job, but his commitment to see it through. As well, Judi Dench delivers her best turn since Goldeneye, Bond girl Naomie Harris really adds some much needed levity at times to keep things from getting too dark, and Ben Whishaw fills Desmond Llewelyn's shoes as Q. The true standout performance though is Javier Bardem as Silva. He's not just creepy or flamboyant, though he is a man whose sexuality is in question, but it's the way that he fully commits to the role that makes every line and action that he performs creepy and flamboyant. His performance has been likened to Heath Ledger's Joker, but I really think Silva is his own messed up breed that Bardem plays so brilliantly, perhaps besting his performance as Anton Chigurgh in No Country For Old Men. Not to mention, the fact that the script really builds up his character, where everyone talks about him in fear, with him manipulating in the shadows for the first half of the film, so that when we finally meet him, we're terrified of him.All in all, Skyfall is a marvel. Featuring superb action scenes, a traditional Bond theme song supplied by Adele, one of the better scripts ever written for a Bond film where every character has an arc and a purpose in the story, and some of the most stunning cinematography ever shot for an action flick, Skyfall is a home run. Not only that though, it's a great, personal film that is smart, tense, exciting, and surprisingly emotional. It uses the 50 year history of these characters to stir the emotions in the viewer, and in so many ways, if this isn't your first Bond film, you will be even more rewarded for it. But quite simply, the Bond family has outdone themselves here. Skyfall is a true blue James Bond adventure that surpasses nearly every other film in the storied franchise.I give Skyfall a 10 out of 10! Let me say that I am am James Bond fan. I have seen all of the movies and multiple times. They have been a part of my youth from seeing For Your Eyes Only in a theater as a little boy and almost every other movie since then the same way. They hold an important place in my familial history as it's a common love of a good number of my clan who may not agree on much but sure love 007.Skyfall is the single most entertaining Bond movie I have seen in theaters ever. I can say this because as I am 34 I wasn't alive to see the Connery movies and of course they are considered (rightfully in my opinion) to be the gold standard.The ongoing problem I had with the franchise as a whole was that from my perspective the movies had become dull and boring. They were becoming parodies and Pierce Brosnan has just so smooth and snarky he just didn't fit the bill for what I wanted to see anymore, the issue was that I didn't know what it was I wanted until I saw Casino Royale.What I got in CR was Daniel Craig as a (dare I say it?!) rebooted Bond. He was newly minted in his double "0" status and learning his way through things. But Craig brought a brutality and a menace to Bond, something I'd always wanted because after all he is a KILLER first. I remember hearing the groans when he was hired and how the internet blew-up with scorn and fear and I kept hearing about Layer Cake and how that one movie had gotten him the gig. So, I jumped up and rented the movie and was simply riveted by the performance he gave; cold, calculated and straight-up cool. After that I knew that I was interested to see what they did and boy I was happy with the outcome.Skyfall sees Bond as a well footed and established agent, he isn't learning the ropes now, he's maybe now a bit long in the tooth for a field agent and coming to grips with what he and others wonder if he can do it much longer. It is this sense of humanity that I love so much about the movie. Bond is shot in the first 10-15 minutes and thought dead. He comes back to MI6 when Silva (Bardem) attacks and threatens the lives of M (Dench) and deep cover agents true identities around the world (typical Bond plot so far right?). The kicker here is that Bond is weakened and unfit for active duty but it is his resolve and intensity that is called for to save the day.To say that Craig is my favorite modern Bond is pretty obvious, he is amazing in a modern age in a franchise that has embraced a more realistic approach (no invisible cars here). It is Javier Bardem's Silva who is the truly remarkable performance here and needs to be seen to be appreciated. My thoughts on the matter are this: Silva is Bond's Joker in that he is the perfect mirror image of him. A former agent himself and just as cold blooded he is a true menace and a match both physically and mentally for Bond. Not sense Ledger's performance in The Dark Knight have I been this entertained by a villain. It should be noted that this is the first post-Dark Knight Bond movie and I think it shows in the writing and in the execution. We like seeing our hero's struggle with their own mortality and the days of capturing spacecraft with another spacecraft to try to start WWIII are over. This is a Bond movie that knows the history of the franchise and respects it but is throughly modern in it's approach.Some will say the movie lacks action, and while I don't feel it misses it I can see why they say it does. This isn't a ton of car chases or gadgets and crazy evil plan movie that people have become accustomed to and for that I think it's the reason so many are turned-off to it. It's more human and for the first time in any of the Bond movies makes James and M actual people. There is history here and there is a soul and that is the most compelling part of the movie.In summation this is the first Bond movie that isn't a traditional Bond movie. This could have been a stand alone film and stood up just as well without the connotation or expectation of what a Bond movie is. Sam Mendes should be commended for strong direction and for making this better than a Bond movie 10/10. Right, let's dispense with the rubbish I've had to endure over the last few months: "James Bond wasn't funny in the last 2 films". Oh, yes he was, you just weren't paying attention."Sam Mendes only ever does dramas, he'll be crap at action". Wrong again and Road to Perdition hinted on what he can bring to the table. Plus, if you had reservations about Sam, then you're an idiot! "Is this Daniel Craig's last outing as Bond?" No. He's contracted to do two more. In fact, why do people think this is the last Bond??? After the hype and mild disappointment that was The Dark Knight Rises, Chris Nolan will have to contemplate that he's missed out on the Big One here. Yup, Sam Mendes, Oscar winner supremo for American Beauty was by far-and-away, the only man for the director's chair (with a solid recommendation by Craig himself). What I love about Uncle Sam is that he's not afraid to be bold (we see more blood in this film, despite the 12a rating, but it's subtly done) and he's definitely found some niches with DC's reluctant hero (which Martin Campbell kick-started with Casino Royale). A pivotal ingredient of a Mendes film is the cinematography and with Skyfall, my jaw was dropping at Shanghai (a nod to You Only Live Twice). In fact, my jaw dropped a lot (and that wasn't even Bérénice Marlohe!) And despite the absence of David Arnold, composer Thomas Newman, doesn't disappoint. It's the 50-year-old debate: Who Is The Best Bond? Daniel Craig: 3 films in & by the time you see Skyfall, there is no doubt in my mind that DC's Bond is the most fleshed-out and three dimensional. His cavalier attitude, his down-and-dirty assassin on the mission, and a very affectionate lover of the ladies, are some of the reasons he scores all the ticks. Sean Connery just wisecracked and shagged birds, but had that physical prowess which DC has equalled, if not bettered; George Lazenby was more of a pantomime; Roger Moore started out well with his debut, but romanticised 007 to the point where he wore flares and befriended steel-toothed villains who were baying for his blood; Timothy Dalton brought back the hard edge Bond was missing and very underrated (kudos to Jason Segel who acknowledged him in I Love You, Man); Pierce Brosnan carried on that darkness with GoldenEye, which was sadly lacking in future outings, along with a suspension of disbelief audiences couldn't buy any longer. DC is Bond, he now owns the role. He's comedy timing is impeccable, his reactions to the littlest things will have you laughing and he knows how to wear tight fitting clothing (thanks to TOM FORD). More importantly, DC can act which is what this role demands...and if like me, you've all watched the Bond films (as DC & Mendes did), Skyfall has done a tremendous job in avoiding past mistakes. The screenplay acknowledges why James Bond is the World's Most Successful Movie Franchise. From the opening credits that references past entries, to Adele's amazing vocals (someone shoot Madonna & Lulu for me; oh and Jack & Alicia too), Skyfall is peppered with nods that may anger or erupt knowing laughter from its devoted fan base. For the record, I laughed, quite a lot.Javier Bardem as Raoul Silva, is probably the best entrance you'll ever see for a Bond Baddie. He is also by far, my favourite villain of the series and will be a hard act to beat. I really cannot say any more about Bardem, as he is one of many high points that Skyfall has to offer. A stroke of genius from Mendes to give him blonde hair (not only did he remind me of Scaramanga) but the hair does reveal a back story. Javier is proof that grade-A actors do get the best villainous roles, if they're written properly (remember what the Cohen brothers did for him a few years ago?) As I write this, I'm still grinning at Javier's comments...hahahaha! A great actor, just love him and so much going on in that masculine skull of his.Nothing will touch Bond. Sure, you'll have the wannabe franchises out there (did someone say douchebag, toothless vampires? Not me) who will claim to be the movie event of the year (more like non-event) and the likes of Marvel Comics may one day, catch up. Stan Lee has to look at the accidental success of 007 in relation to his own creations. Sure, I love Spidey, Captain America and Daredevil, but I'm not a sweaty arm- pitted virgin with a fondness for pies and acne; I'd much rather be the man who's dressed to kill, with a Licence To Thrill and smells of the most decadent cologne that my wages will allow. No shame in admitting my inverted snobbery and can thank Ian Fleming for that. If he were alive today, I'm sure he'd approve of Skyfall (considering it's an original screenplay that relies on his healthy diet of sex, guns, snazzy wardrobes and fast cars). Happy 50th birthday, James Bond (you don't look a day over 40!)Bond will return in October 2014 (I've already booked my tickets!) Both by the film's magnificence and the multitude of negative reviews for this Movie! And I'm not just saying this because I thought this was a masterful film, which it was, but because the reasoning behind these arguments is just ridiculous. From misconstruing what's actually happening in the movie to not being able to accept a change in Bond. First off, Bond wasn't made to stay the same forever, change is a real thing people, ACCEPT IT. Secondly, this is a story that's different than previous films. Skyfall is much deeper as it hits Bond's childhood and exposes his dark past. Sorry if this is too hard to comprehend so far.The plot holes that exist are minor and are really only noticeable if one is really trying to bash a film without real reason. The key to a successful film is if it depicts a moving story and enthralls its viewers, and if one does nothing but to criticize a movie without an attempt at appreciation at any level is, again, appalling.Away from the blind opposition, Skyfall is made great through its exceptionally well-acted cast on all sides, especially Dench's and Bardem's performances (I mean what do you expect). The cinematography is done exceptionally, because if Roger Deakins has anything to do with anything, it's gonna look beautiful, shown here at the Casino in Shanghail and especially in the building surrounded by neon lights. Thomas Newman is another veteran who does the score the justice that such an iconic theme deserves. The production design, especially between the Shanghai and Scotland scenes, adds to the momentous effects the film is able to create. The plot is more than intriguing, as it continues to develop and captivate the attention of its viewers more. Mendes has been an impressive director since '99 with American Beauty and Skyfall showcases his mastery is still applicable now.Do not let the negative reviews on here push you away, Skyfall is no waste of time and will create an experience that you surely will not forget soon. So, we have a James Bond film that stars Judy Dench, Javier Bardem, and Ralph Fiennes, along with a song by Adele. This movie should be a success.And, good enough, it is.The movie stars Daniel Craig as James Bond, but, to tell the truth, it doesn't seem to be ABOUT Bond. Yes, of course, he's the reason why we want to see the film, but the plot of the movie hardly revolves around him. Rather, Dench, who plays the Mother character, has a sort of Norman Bates-like fellow trying to kill her, and has herself and Bond in a vengeance plot that affects quite a lot of innocents.Speaking of the Norman Bates-like character. I love Bardem as an actor, especially the chilling role of Anton Chigurh in "No Country for Old Men". Here, the creepiness levels are through the roof; having an unhealthy obsession with Mother and cyanide eating at his brain, he's quite a twisted, but interesting villain.The references to older Bond films are genius. Everybody in the theater actually clapped when Bond's old car came out, and everybody laughed when Bond gave a cutting line about the Union Jack bulldog. And of course, Eve Moneypenny was another great throwback to the old days as well.Let me talk about Bond. Whereas before we had a cheesy, perfect, and charming 007, this time we have a complex Bond who is armed with only a gun (of course, a Walther PPK) and radio. It makes this Bond seem more human (or as human as a top secret agent can be) and he does have a sort of charm and humor about him one typically associates with Sean Connery.The plot itself is rather clever. While there are a few throwaway moments, like that woman working for Bardem and the new Quartermaster, they are usually enjoyable in their own right. The main plot is strong, seeing some of the inner workings of MI6 and it's connections with the British government.So, combine this with classic and new Bond themes, a brilliant changing of the guard in MI6, and some big name actors, and we have one of the best Bond films to date, up there with Goldeneye and Goldfinger. It truly balances out the bad films this year, and reenergizes a classic fictional hero.And frankly, I believe it deserves more than the 8.1 IMDb ranking it has at the time this review is being written. Daniel Craig has now starred in the two greatest James Bond movies ever made (let the criticism begin), and although he also starred in the worst ("Quantum of Solace"), it wasn't all his fault and can be forgiven. But enough comparing, because "Skyfall" needs no comparison, and would embarrass its competitors anyway. Sam Mendes has delivered a riveting thrill machine of a movie, with a rich character at its heart – James Bond. That's right, the cold, calculating killer reveals even more of his soft side as we delve deep into his past. The emotional feeling we get from the famed agent is entirely due to Craig's acting, who has brought more to the psychological side of Bond than the rest of the players combined. Sure, his films may lack some of the quirk and humor of the earlier offerings, but the character is still finding himself (six years ago he didn't even know what drink to order). And trust me, there is plenty of humor, and a dash of quirk, in this fantastic entry. "Skyfall" gives us a compelling story that we can actually wrap our heads around, as it is nearly as simple as revenge. We get a wildly sinister villain from Javier Bardem (who reminds me of Ledger's turn as Joker, and Bardem is equally Oscar-worthy), a multi-dimensional M from Judi Dench, the introduction of Q and Money Penny, as well as some throwbacks towards the films of old. Directed by Oscar-winner Mendes and filmed with a master's touch by Roger Deakins, this is a Bond film that redefines Bond films (after "Casino Royale" rejuvenated them in 2006) and offers up something for everyone. Two amazingly choreographed (and photographed) action scenes and Adele's soul-stirring theme song, with the accompanying and superb opening credits, are the icing on the cake. So I suppose the 23rd time's the charm. "Skyfall" drops strongly in first place as the best of Bond.-Thomas Bond So, last night sitting in the Royal Albert Hall and literally trembling with excitement... the MGM lion roared... Two hours and twenty five minutes practically flew by.Hyperbole aside, Skyfall is a bonafide masterpiece.Whilst most are familiar with the capsule synopsis that's been floating around since late last year (which really doesn't need to be repeated AGAIN), the decision to mine the relationship between Bond and M is a masterstroke. Judi Dench and Daniel Craig have unbelievable chemistry together (you utterly believe they've been working day-in-day-out together for years), and the banter they share as they set off on their redemptive journey together is the beating heart of the film. Emotionally, this is the most mature of any of the Bond films, and draws upon some of the greatest (yet curiously overlooked) Bond moments. There are shrewd elements of On Her Majesty's Secret Service, Licence To Kill and The World Is Not Enough in Skyfall's DNA, and the central relationship between Bond and at this point a mother figure of an M (who he will mercilessly kill to protect) is beautifully realised. Suffice to say the final act in which Bond and M face their fears and demons is *shattering* in every sense of the word and lifts the film into the highest echelons of the series.Of course, the rest of the cast are every bit as brilliant as the press reviews have stated. Javier Bardem turns in frankly an award-worthy performance as Raoul Silva. Not in memory has there been a Bond villain whose determination is as terrifying as his character. Silva is alternately camp, hilarious and horrifying. His screen time is admittedly limited, but he makes every gesture, word and action count tenfold. His introduction is just sublime, modulating between flirtatious, businesslike and viciously brutal with as little as an eye movement. Naomie Harris and Berenice Marlohe bring a refreshing touch to the Bond girl routine, actually adding presence rather than simply visual appeal. The new MI6 crew are also a HIGHLY welcome addition. Ben Whishaw clearly had a hoot in the role of the 21st century Q (his interactions with Bond are one of the many highlights) and Ralph Fiennes seems born to fit into the MI6/Bond world.There will *certainly* be those who will balk at the fact Skyfall doesn't cling ultra-tight to the Bond formula. Well, thank God for that! Sam Mendes and the writing team intelligently pull the conventions apart, before reassembling them just enough to be recognisable (with a satisfying wink) to the fans but not enough to alienate newcomers to the franchise. The film is primarily a 'buddy movie' of sorts, but a captivating one that exhibits all of the best parts of Bond fitting around a riveting political/spy thriller whose central Wikileaks-esque story is ripped from the headlines.It's the Bond film I've always been waiting for - and hopefully the team behind it aren't planning on a single collaborative effort. Skyfall is something very special. A cursory look around the room saw faces contorted in rage, horror and devastation, but also the undercurrent of humour generated a thunderous round of applause whenever skillfully applied. Judi Dench and Daniel Craig give BLISTERING performances (a finest hour for them both) and I only hope some of the more priggish award ceremonies actually pay attention to that fact this time.An unashamed 10/10. Skyfall will be a LEGENDARY Bond film. Without question. After Quantum of Solace people behind the Bond franchise probably found themselves at the crossroads – where to go and what to do next? Shall we chase Mr. White and his Quantum or do something else entirely; perhaps going back to Bond's roots would be more successful strategy? After all, Bond's got his heart completely crushed and had some kind of revenge, isn't it time to get a bit light about everything that happens to him? The decision of filmmakers presents itself this year as Skyfall, a most wonderful 180 degree turn of the film series.In my opinion, this is a beautiful and playful reload of the reload Bond film experienced since the coming of Daniel Craig. Skyfall adopts careless mood of the pre-Craig era with as many bows to the fans and various fetishes of the series: Q and his catchphrases, Miss Moneypenny, Aston Martin with guns under the hood, physically defective villain, frightening with his ambiguity and offering Bond a traditional game; and M, of course.Bond in his family house, wearing a kind of cardigan and with a rifle reminds of an aristocrat out hunting, a likely symbol of good-old England, the empire spreading good and fighting evil. Not only Bond deals with his childhood trauma by burning down the house, the filmmakers mark their return to the traditional values of Bond film series, and to the black-and-white vision of good people and bad guys. Thus also constant collision of black and white in the film (e.g. at the hearing scene: M is the blonde wearing black, Prime Minster is a brunette in light clothes, Severine has lighter complexion comparing to Moneypenny but they wear contrasting to their skin color dresses, black silhouettes fighting against bright neon lights , etc.) However blurred and shadowy the villain appears both on screen and in the descriptions of characters, no more villains with inner conflict, as it is clear who is bad and what is good and how to act.At the same time the characters are symbolically discussing the problems of their creators: who is better – the old guy or the young spotty kid, should we stop the bleeding and how safe do we feel with our new approach to security (or – Bond). Being old and young, experienced and innovative, end and start, leaving and carrying on are constantly being talked about, with the formula finally announced – old dog with new tricks. A wonderful combination, I find.Having suffered enough, Bond enjoys both his weakness and strength, is drinking and looking good, in tuxedo as well as in tight jeans, and finally is not taking the beautiful girls seriously. Well done, Bond, never thought you could after two previous films! Only one question remains – what next? Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace were great and interesting with their attempt at fashionable seriousness, are we going back to the ridiculous again? To the invisible cars and exploding pens? Will the filmmakers be able to balance newfound playful mood against some kind of credibility, find a worthy story, an interesting mission and a matching villain? What an intrigue! Can't help but wait the return of Bond, James Bond. My first viewing of Skyfall left me a little frustrated at the slow pace in the first half. However the story did catch speed in the second, and by the end i felt it was overall slightly better than Casino Royale. On reflection , however, there was a lot to appreciate from this Bond movie. An ageing James Bond , with his powers in apparently terminal decline, refuses to give up against all the odds, even against a fitter, though older , villain.A lot of the action is without any fancy gadgets . Similarly, M's unwavering belief in Bond's ability to do his bit when the time of reckoning comes is commendable. The reference to Lord Alfred Tennyson's Ulysses was heart touching, and remains my favourite scene from the movie. The movie showcases Bond as a human being first and a secret agent next, and shows a human side of him which many thought never existed. The movie has a lot apart from just action sequences ( which are aplenty , mind you) and that makes me feel in retrospect that this is the best Bond movie I have seen in my lifetime (have only seen them in the last decade). 50 years of Bond! I've been a Bond fan since the beginning. This is the best Bond Film since the days of Connery. Daniel Craig is finally allowed to be James Bond and not a clone of Jason Bourne as he was in Casino Royale and the dreadful Quantum of Solace. Given this chance, he makes a good Bond.Skyfall combines the elements of the classic Bond films with all the modern ingredients and the film is highly entertaining. Bardem makes a menacing villain too.The other thing I appreciated was being able to see the action instead of the awful Bourne like cinematography that was used in Quantum.Bond is back.....Bond is alive......Looking forward to the next! James bond operates on a mission to kill a bad guy who seems to be able to hack everything. One of the best parts of the movie came in the very be beginning that always catches my eye in bond moves especially Casino Royale which I recommend seeing. in this beginning scene bond is running after a person who is probably a criminal and he gets on a train and starts wrestling this criminal, and in the meantime his partner on the job is trying to get a good shot on the criminal. then she takes a risky move and shoots... it hits bond he goes down criminal gets away and how did bond survive after the shot and falling to the bottom of a body of water ? no one even the creators probably don't know so. but to the story Daniel Craig playing James bond is extraordinary in the movie and Judy Dench playing m was great. Speaking of M she has a amazing dramatic part in the end where the hacking criminal kills her and then bond gets the criminal back with a throwing knife, you should really see it . these two make a great pair and showed it in Skyfall. another thing is I love the song. I don't understand why so many people hated it I thought it was amazing I first saw this with my family in a theatre in 2012.Revisited it recently on a dvd which I own.This is my all time fav Bond film.This is the twenty-third in the Bond series n the third to star Daniel Craig as James Bond.This time Bond returns to service after MI6's servers are hacked and M receives a taunting computer message moments before the MI6 building explodes.Inspite of failing a series of physical, medical, and psychological examinations, Bond returns to the field to pursue an assassin known as Patrice n to recover a stolen hard drive containing details of undercover agents which is in the hands of Patrice's employer, Raoul Silva, a cyberterrorist seeking revenge against those he holds responsible for betraying him.I love the pre credit scene in this one, the motorcycle chase on the rooftops is awesome, the train chase sequence is adrenaline filled n the scene at The Varda Viaduct is amazeballs.The climactic action is more old skool n filled with solid atmosphere.The title track along with the picturization n Bond's fall from The Varda Viaduct is very gothic like.The abandoned palatial house, the vast moors, the chapel, the secret passageway, the isolation n the sky almost touching the ground, is filled with top notch atmosphere.This time Bond faces Raoul Silva n lots of his henchmen n a komodo dragon.Bond also faces Patrice, a mercenary working for Silva.This time Bond gets to cool off with Naomie Harris, Tonia Sotiropoulou n Berenice Marlohe.In this movie, for the first n last time we get to see Moneypenny doing field work along with Bond and later how she opted for the iconic desktop work. All you guys giving negative reviews, you have no business watching Bond films. You need to watch JFK, or Platoon, or Saving Private Ryan, or some other reality based film. Bond is a FICTIONAL character, who lives in a FICTIONAL universe that uses real life SETTINGS. The movies are about a FANTASY SUPER SPY. Let me say that again. F-A-N-T-A-S-Y S-U-P-E-R S-P-Y. He's supposed to supersede logical expectations. The things you don't see depicted on screen are supposed to be left to your imagination. I LOVED the movie. I am a true Bond fan. I've seen EVERY movie a MINIMUM 3 times. The way they tied SF to classic Bond was perfect. If anything, the first two movies weren't true Bond films. They were character driven action films whose main players just happened to be based on Bond movies. This, however, is a real Bond movie, with a 2012 edge. Again, I LOVED it. You guys need to stop being so anal and just enjoy it for what it is. I mean, we know the Avengers are not real, but we enjoyed the movie just the same..... This was one of the best bonds films I have ever seen. Daniel Craig as the famed 007 agent who is on the run of his life against possibly the most evil man on the planet. Silver, (Javier Bardem) who was once an agent affiliate to the UK was given up by 'M' (judi Dench) to the Chinese militia rather than to use him as ransom bait. During his incarceration underwent torture for months to try and give up names of contacts. But as with all agents, rather than giving in, he decided to take his cyanide pill to end his suffering. However to everyone's utter amazement, survived the attempt to end his own life and became a new super evil for which he swore revenge against 'M' for his transformation. Bond who with other sections of MI6 became targets by the British minister because of continuous violent acts for which all were placed on trial. During this crisis it was learn-ed that silver was to try and kill 'M' at those proceedings. Yet bond with his usual style and audacity helped stave off the hit to try and catch silver once again. So to end this complete charade, bond led silver to his old estate where he grew up as a child. A place known as Skyfall manor. There the showdown of his life ensued with bond on top once again, but at a heavy price, for 'M's last days were counted with a mortal wound. I have to say it was a great chapter ending to bonds secret life, where he grew up, what 'M' learn-ed about him and why bond never liked his past in the first place. The music was top notch, the action left me riveted, and the story to his past had been nothing less but intriguing. Ralph Fiennes played an excellent character as well for his role as the new 'M'. A man who thought the old ways were still above the new as a sort of guide rather than to be a hindrance. Old and new collide in so many ways since the computer chip became the dominate species, but to so many others in the field, experience will always be considered as the end result. Fantastic film, highly recommended to all who are fans of 007. When I first saw Casino Royale I remember enjoying it, then after processing it I felt as though the film itself was just not even comparable to any of it's predecessors. Not because it was bad, (although it's successor was not as intriguing),but because it decided to stray away from the Bond formula I came to understand, that and even the tone and style had a different feel to it. I was also confused as to whether or not Craig's run as Bond was an entirely new take on an all too familiar plot, or if it was a continuation of the Bond series with a new "Bond" whose filling in the position of it's previous title holder. (Which if that were the case he would have technically only been the third 00 agent to fill in as Bond, seeing as all Bond's, but Brosnan, mention the death of his wife Tracy Draco. I am pleased to say that I finally have the clarification I was looking for, and that all of Craig's previous outings as Bond have all boiled down to this one... A reboot is what this new franchise is, and a damn good one if you ask me. Although these past three Bond films have been rather grounded (unlike the fun and thrilling Moonraker), his instalments are still exciting to watch with even Quantum of Solace having its moments of sheer pulse pounding excitement. But I must admit that Skyfall in particular had it all and writers Neal Purvis, Robert Wade, and John Logan really brought the story back to it's roots, and yes all back to where it started from. Credit must also be given to its director Sam Mendes, and cinematographer Roger Deakins. Skyfall brings back the classic bond, at times with humorous references made, and homages to the franchise that it just sends a shiver of nostalgia down your spine, that makes you say to yourself "Bond is finally back!" The classic Bond series mixed in with the modernist interpretation of the series, really make it one of the ultimate Bond films since (insert favourite Bond film here --->______________!) Before I risk spoiling anything, I will conclude by saying this is a Bond film worth viewing, and is definitely is one for both fans of the franchise and those who have only been recently introduced. I went to see this film on the day it came out in theaters, and the seats were leather, the sound was so amazing, that I could feel every vibration of every gunshot or explosion! But what made the experience great was the movie itself. It has two knockout performances by Daniel Craig and Javier Bardem, Lots of action and laughs, and to top it all off, it threw some OLD Bond in the mix!While watching it, I listened to the sound of the people in the theater. They laughed, they gasped, they cheered, and at the end everyone applauded! So for me this could be the Best Bond Ever! After a long four year wait for the next 007 film to come out due to MGM's financial issues, SKYFALL finally hit cinemas and it was more than worth the wait. It's obvious that the crew behind the movie took a lot of time and effort perfecting what could be considered as the best Bond movie in years. What unfolded before my eyes wasn't just a movie but an experience.What made SKYFALL great was that it took everything that makes a James Bond movie great (exotic locations, action, a threatening villain, etc.) and improves every single one of them while at the same time adding new ones. SKYFALL finally returns the franchise back to its roots so no longer do we have the boredom and excessive BOURNE influence seen in the previous two installments; this is a James Bond film just like the old days where entertainment and story are balanced. The movie also serves as a love letter to the fans with the numerous references to the old Bond movies and its old-school style; anyone who's seen Bond since the start will love SKYFALL, all the way from the nostalgic theme song opening to the climatic confrontation at the end.The cast fit their roles perfectly and redefined established characters in the Bond mythology. I have no doubt that Daniel Craig can be a great James Bond but it was only now that he was given a good James Bond script to work with; Bond is still the playboy and efficient MI6 agent but now, he's also a human being. The same goes for the rest of the cast; one of the new things added into the film which was rarely seen in previous Bond films was the complexity of the characters. They're still the usual mainstays of a Bond film (a terrorist mastermind, M, a bureaucrat, the Bond girl, etc.) but now they're all human beings with motivations that drive their actions. They don't rely anymore on simple politics but now they rely on personal issues to drive them. This addition only made the drama of SKYFALL more engaging and believable.Another addition that I appreciated was the overlying theme of the secret service's relevance in the changing times. Such themes were mentioned off-hand and never fully explored in the Brosnan movies (especially GOLDENEYE) so now that it gets full focus, it helps the movie become more relevant in our time period. The problem with reviving old franchises is the task of making the aged characters work in a time period different from the one they were originally envisioned in; in the case of Bond, he was born in the golden age of espionage of the Cold War but now, in an age that relies more on a computer for intelligence information, those like him have close to no purpose at all. SKYFALL successfully overcomes the problem in a masterful way with its impressive dialogue between the old guard of espionage and the modern age believers. The dialogue between the characters is powerful enough to make even a James Bond fan (like myself) question the franchise's relevance now that the Cold War and the need for spies is long over; what makes the script great is not only in how it will get you involved in the story and its characters but it will definitely make you think and reflect a lot many other things.My only complaint with SKYFALL was the CGI. The green-screen effects of some scenes were pretty obvious and while it doesn't dent the movie at all, it was a bit distracting and annoying to look at. Hopefully, in the next bond movies, the crew ditches or at least improves the CGI to make things look more realistic. I personally hope they go back to practical effects but that may just be me.SKYFALL is the best thing that happened to James Bond in the new millennium. By far, this is the most emotional and exciting James Bond in recent memory and none of the drama in the storyline felt forced as everything worked well in the film's context as it did in CASINO ROYALE. Those who are worried that SKYFALL is only a James Bond movie in name will have no reason to fear. SKYFALL is an old-school Bond movie with all the improvements and additions the 2000's could provide and it works well, molding SKYFALL into a masterpiece in the long history of the James Bond franchise. It just goes to show that, indeed, (quoting Kincade in the movie) "Sometimes the old ways are the best." You are going to travel. London, Istanbul, Shanghai, Macao, and Scotland of course, the castle of Skyfall. And hurry up about it because Skyfall will be completely destroyed in the operation.You have the stunts, the car hunts, the chases, and all the physical elements necessary in that film. Istanbul is one city splashed with this mission and that's the second time in three months, after Taken 2. But it is hardly really said. You recognize Turkey if you know it. Shanghai is more in the tradition of Bourne and his films. But no Eastern Europeans, not even Moscow nor Berlin. That is rather clean after all. The main damage is in London and Scotland. They even cut the Eiffel Tower out, but not Big Ben.The British respect their borders and like their country. We are speaking of the MI6 of course but there is a big leak in the system and that leak does not come from outside but from inside, in fact from an agent who was one of the best, if not the best in his 1980-90 time, but he got caught and in the MI6, the famous M, the lady boss of the service, decided to trade him. When someone very faithful survives such a treacherous decision, you can expect difficulties.And difficulties they got. But the main difficulty came from the government and Parliament who started criticizing the work of the service and the security of the country in the name of modern technology that should be used instead of secret agents and shadowy maneuvers. And no one has the courage to bring to light the simple facts. Yet this simple situation of a treacherous agent within the system is the main idea in this film: danger is not from outside but from inside and the solution can only come from inside too.That's why this film is better than most other films in that field. It is not targeting foreign enemies but a national agent that turned bitter, sour, rotten, self-motivated by vengeance.The point is not even to know whether he is going to get his vengeance or not, but how it is going to happen. And that you will have to look for it in the film. I hope you enjoy the marvellous Scottish castle that is destroyed like a house of cards built by kids.Dr Jacques COULARDEAU "Skyfall" is unlike any James Bond movie you've seen before. While the film pays homage to the previous installments, first-time Bond director Sam Mendes reinvents the superspy's story, taking him into far darker territory. The result? Arguably the most well-crafted and thrilling film in the franchise's 50 years.This time around, Bond -- who has been publicly pronounced dead but remains in hiding after a botched mission -- is brought back to "life" to recover a hard drive from a cyber terrorist named Silva (Javier Bardem). While his mission seems simple, loyalties are questioned between Bond (Daniel Craig) and his superior M (Dame Judi Dench), for she might be responsible for the previous near-fatal mission. And while M is hiding secrets of her own, she's also the target of Silva, who will stop at nothing to bring her and MI6 to their demise.When "Casino Royale" was released, Craig immediately jumped to top of everyone's favorite Bond actor list for his grounded, man's man portrayal. He's got the chops with his physicality, sexual machismo, and cool demeanor. So what's left to develop? "Skyfall" presents Bond as an aging and wounded soldier, who doesn't blame the organization for his pain but rather accepts it as part of the job. Revealed to be an orphan, Bond seemingly continues to function as if MI6 is his family and M as his mother.Dench paves the way as the true Bond girl of the film. Strong-willed and determined to get the job done, M's quip-filled scenes with Bond explore their professional yet symbiotic relationship that's based on trust and mutual respect. For Bond, it's not about his service to her Majesty, but rather filling the void in his otherwise empty soul. For M, she may come across as cold and manipulative, but like Bond knows the stakes of the game they are playing.It's hard to discuss "Skyfall" without mention of its memorable villain, Silva. After delivering a chilling, award-winning turn in "No Country for Old Men," Bardem gives another standout performance as the bleached blonde, impeccably dressed terrorist. Like every Bond villain, quirky mannerisms and odd physical traits are present. He's playful at times and whimsically sadistic at others. Like the rest of the film, Silva's motivation feels more believable than previous villains as he simply wants revenge on those who wronged him rather than being hell bent on world destruction.The man responsible for delivering us such a thrilling entry to the series is none other than Academy Award winning director Sam Mendes (American Beauty). I was shocked to see that his new approach to the material isn't necessarily out with the old and in with the new. Mendes gives plenty of winks and nods to all the Bond classics: the cars, the girls, the gadgets, the exotic locations, the dry one-liners and the occasional over-the-top stunts are all present. He even resurrects the old but familiar character of Q (Ben Whishaw), to provide some comedic relief and self deprecating humor to the series.But what Mendes does differently is that he presents the story as if it were actually a real world scenario. The atmosphere is dark, the drama is amped up and the characters feel real. The icing on the cake is cinematography. The action sequences are crisp and coherent and will literally have you jumping out of your chair. And whether it's the neon skylines of Shanghai or the grey skies of London, the shadowy landscapes set the stage for a bleak espionage-filled world. And also worth noting is the obligatory opening credit sequence that visually arresting and equally haunting with Adele providing vocals.Mendes' approach to Bond will be undoubtedly compared to Christopher Nolan's Batman redux, both humanizing established material and presenting it in a sleek and stylish way. It's just a shame for future entries because the bar has just been raised high. Not only is this new Bond entry the most thrilling and emotional to date, but it is responsible for bringing new energy and excitement into a franchise that doesn't seem to quit ... just like the central character. After the depressing letdown of Quantum of Solace in 2008, I was really anticipating an amazing return to the way the James Bond movies should be. And Sam Mendes delivered it on a silver platter. The movie starts off in an intense chase scene between Bond and an unknown character. With M on Bond's radio, she mentions the villain having a list they need and immediately you're hooked. With the exception of the first chase scene in Casino Royale, this is my favorite chase scene in Bond history. In the first 5 minutes you already have action, great characters, and exotic locations, which are three things a Bond movie can't prosper without. The rest of the cinematic shots in the movie are the same, bringing more great cinematography and locations. In one particular scene, Bond is fighting one of Silva's henchmen in a pit with a Komodo Dragon. Now any action star like Bruce Willis or Tom Cruise would have unconvincingly wrestled this beast to the ground, but does bond do that? Nope. He casually hops on it's back and propels himself out of the pit. Classy James, classy.The seriousness of the last two films are still present in this newest installment, but they are combined with the old classic one-liners of the days before Craig. This is by far my favorite Craig movie yet, because in this movie they take Bond no where he's ever gone before; to a personal level. Craig carries this change in character with ease and makes you believe Bond is getting rusty. He's no longer the man that can jump of cliffs and buildings and land like a cat. Now, he clumsily falls like any normal human being. This is also a very different bond movie for Judi Dench who is wrapping up her role as M in her seventh bond movie. She seems to cancel out the majority of the screen time that the bond girls would usually have and replaces it with her undying determination to stop terrorists from destroying her country. M is as much of the main character as Bond and she handles that well considering that in real life her lines are read to her because she can barely see. Javier Bardem plays Silva, who is a villain to stand next to Goldfinger and Blofeld, only he's ten times more terrifying. His role convinces you that he can kill anyone and feel no pain. Even when he isn't on screen your still worried by his ominous and creepy performance. His main conflict is with M however. He believes it is her fault that he became what his is and there is where his delusional, twisted plot lies. He is one of the few antagonists that are actually equal to Bond. Supporting characters such as Q (Ben Whishaw) and Gareth Mallory (Ralph Fiennes) carry important roles that needed to be filled and played them well and should be noted. The bond girls in this aren't very important to the main story line, but they both carry their smaller roles well.The cultural and memorabilia references in this movie are worth mentioning as well. In many scenes, Bond, M, and the new Q. They talk about exploding pens, ejector seats, and there's even a shot in this that is almost taken straight out of one the early Sean Connery movies. They don't hit you over the head with this idea, but it makes the true bond lovers smirk from time to time. Overall, I only had one or two minor complains with this movie that nearly weren't enough to change my review at all. These only had to do with speeding up the plot a bit, but it wasn't a big deal considering Skyfall is already the longest Bond film, clocking at 2 and a half hours. In conclusion, I must say that Bond isn't one of those movies you'll want to see for the heck of it. It is intense, but amazing. It is action-packed, but witty. It is the true follow up to Casino Royale. Double-0-Seven reporting for duty. 