Nearly hundreds of actors have played Sherlock Holmes and his sidekick Dr. Watson, and it may seem rash to call Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law the best Holmes-and-Watson-duo so far. But I've been a Sherlock Holmes fan my whole life, and most of the portrayals I've seen of the character only focus on an aspect or two of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's character. In Guy Ritchie's film, as in Doyle's "canon", Sherlock Holmes is an avid boxer, a martial artist, a dabbler in many sciences, and a master of disguise. Most importantly, he's an expert in logic and deduction. He playfully torments his housekeeper Ms. Hudson (Geraldine James) and shares an antagonistic but symbiotic relationship with police Inspector Lestrade (Eddie Marsan).The movie opens with Holmes and Watson apprehending serial killing Satanist Lord Blackwood (played broodingly by Mark Strong). Blackwood is executed, but when he seemingly rises from the dead, the deductive duo must determine whether it's a supernatural occurrence or if there's a logical explanation. It's exactly the type of mystery Doyle would have devised, with plenty of twists and opportunities for Holmes to show off his genius as he races to stop a plot to take over England and (gasp!) America. Everything from the experiments Holmes performs in his Baker Street flat to his climatic revelation of the mystery on the Tower Bridge seems perfectly in line with Doyle's writing.One of the only departures from the canon that bothered me was Sherlock's introduction to Dr. Watson's fiancée, Mary Morstan, played as a delicate English rose by Kelly Reilly. In the stories, Mary was Holmes' client in "The Sign of Four" before Holmes first encountered Irene Adler (Rachel McAdams) in "A Scandal in Bohemia." Then again, the continuity of the stories was rarely important to filmmakers, or even to Sir Arthur, so I'm just nitpicking.As a film on its own merits, "Sherlock Holmes" is almost perfect. The movie's opening shot grabs you, and Guy Ritchie's directing stays gripping all the way through the end titles. His version of Victorian London is moody and atmospheric. Hans Zimmer's quirky score blends well with the film's tone and Downey Jr.'s off-kilter Holmes. Meanwhile, Jude Law transforms Dr. Watson from the bumbling comic relief of most movies into a cool, competent sidekick. Perhaps owing to his own considerable acting chops, he's the rare Watson who manages to be as interesting and watchable as Holmes. When he leaps into action, he relies on a sword-cane and a trusty revolver, while Sherlock favors a riding crop (which die-hard fans will recall was his preferred method of self-defense in the canon). Rachel McAdams manages to tweak Sherlock's classic adversary into a feisty action heroine. All the while, another familiar adversary skulks in the shadows.Even when Sherlock Holmes feels a little bit more like James Bond, he doesn't feel any less like Sherlock Holmes. Ritchie finds a way to depict Sherlock's fighting as a mental exercise as much as it's a physical feat. In the same way, though "Sherlock Holmes" is grander and more commercial than Guy Ritchie's usual films, it doesn't feel any less like Guy Ritchie. What a ride. "Sherlock Holmes" left me giddy. I absolutely loved it. It was thrilling, funny, stylish, fast-paced and brilliantly acted.Downey Jr. is a delight to look at. He eats up the screen. He gives the character all sorts of mannerisms and nuances which really bring Holmes to life like never before. The chemistry and interplay between him and Jude Law is hilarious.I wasn't a big fan of Rachel McAdams's performance, but it didn't detract from the experience. I felt she just didn't bring as much to the table as the others. (Kinda like Katie Holmes in Batman Begins.)Guy Ritchie really outdoes himself here. The way he uses the camera, the motion, the fluidity, the snappy pacing - I loved every minute of it.A really fantastic movie. Well done. I cannot find out why people rate this so low. They must have not read any of the original stories. Holmes was indeed a childish man. Brilliant, but has a childish side. And he knows how to fight, as he does in a few stories. People need to read ALL of the books, and then make their assessment. Otherwise, they're just slandering a fantastic movie they know nothing about. A+If there is one genre I began to detest over the years, it was the 'buddy-action' flicks. You know the movies where two guys who aren't exactly friends are forced to form an uneasy alliance which leads to hilarious escapades. It's only been done a thousand and one times, note the long line of duos: Bruce Willis & Samuel L. Jackson ("Die Hard 3"), Will Smith & ("Wild Wild West"), Chris Tucker & Jackie Chan ("Rush Hour"), and let's not forget Jackie Chan and Owen Wilson ("Shanghai Knights"). Though many (but certainly not all) of the aforementioned films are indeed funny, few have any real lasting qualities and even fewer a challenging storyline. The best they can often do is throw an alluring female co-star between the two leads, but I digress.This film however, stands a monumental achievement. Firstly, the cast is really something else. Robert Downey Jr. as our titular character, and he does a bang up job playing a man who's a mystery in himself. Jude Law is entertaining and I'm glad Eddie Marsan was aboard. Mark Strong makes for a very impressive antagonist, and Rachel McAdams is a seductive femme fatale of sorts. The gloomy setting, 1800s London, couldn't be better realized and it definitely gives the film a darker tone. Most importantly though, the story is truly a one-of-a-kind detective tale. It really is a pitting of rationality vs. superstition, and to my heart-thumping exhilaration for the majority of the film you would think good old logic had been defeated. Moving on before I spoil anything. The plot twists and turns menacingly, and leaves one astounded by the effort put into the writing.Lastly, kudos to composer Hans Zimmer who did a very catchy leitmotif that fit the film perfectly. The gray-blue cinematography is great, and I've got to congratulate Guy Ritchie on his feat. How fitting for an intelligent hero to emerge in theaters on Christmas to dispel silly superstition. Guy Ritchie did a great job portraying this master detective based on the actual Doyle stories and did not rely on the old Holmes movies. In other words, this movie was a good adaptation, not a remake ten times over. He made Holmes more than an armchair detective and focused on the crime fighter that Doyle intended.I especially enjoyed the visuals, including London with its filthy unpaved roads and the flat at 221B as it probably should look with two bachelors living there, especially with one with an intensely curious mind. I liked how the movie focused on Sherlock's ability to fit in with criminals as well as his ability to fight—both of which are hinted at many times in the fifty plus stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.I like too how Ritchie dispensed with the curved pipe and deerstalker hat, neither of which really is mentioned much in the stories. The violin was a big part of Holmes' stories, and I like how he strummed the instrument in the movie while thinking about his cases. Something a thinking person would do.Finally, this was cast in an interesting way. The actor who played Lord Blackwood (Mark Strong), and even Jude Law, have physical features more identifiable with Holmes and they may have thought they were going to play the role when hired for the film. Instead, Ritchie cast an unlikely actor, American Robert Downey, Jr. This worked because Downey comes across as a mind that it always busy. Downey might also relate to Holmes' drug addiction, which was not shown in this movie but is hinted at (sloppy apartment, disheveled appearance, experiment of drugs on dog, bored when not working, etc.)The music in the movie was up-tempo and musical, suggesting a busy mind. The plot was a little bland and a lot like the plot of The DaVinci Code, but the feel was right for Holmes. One of my favorite aspects of the Holmes' stories was that there was always a mystical element thrown in. Doyle was a spiritualist and brought a certain otherworldly darkness to the mysteries, until Sherlock's keen brilliance illuminated all the swindles and schemes, just as he did in this movie. Everything about "Sherlock Holmes" is stunning, from the gritty, realistic Victorian London, to the wonderful performances by the film's fantastic four; Downey Jr, Law, McAdams and Strong. I enjoyed every minute of the film, and found that it matched the mental images that I had created while reading the books far better than any previous adaptation, and I include the celebrated Granada television series starring Jeremy Brett in that list.Robert Downey Jr's Holmes is not a starched, middle aged gentleman with every hair in place who sits in an armchair and looks pensive, but as the man from the stories; a younger, rougher individual who is perfectly happy to play dirty to get what he wants, and whose body is as powerful as his mind. He's brilliant, and so is Director Guy Ritchie, who keeps Holmes' incredible deductive powers at the forefront of the movie by showing him using them to neutralise his opponents. And Watson...Jude Law is perfect. Fat, bumbling old man? I think not. He never was in the books, and he isn't now. Instead, he's young, handsome, intelligent and not afraid to tell Holmes just what he thinks of the great detective's bad behaviour. His friendship with Holmes is everything it should be – not the hero/sidekick dynamic created by Rathbone and Bruce, but rather a friendship between two men who are as close as brothers, and who can't live with each other, but can't live without each other either.As for Irene AdlerRachel McAdams is pretty good. She didn't quite feel like Holmes equal, and she was a little young, but she certainly was a femme fatale, and had plenty of guts and gumption. She was also capable of getting down and dirty, which earned her a gold star in my book. Her relationship with Holmes is believable, and not nearly as romantic as some would claim. She flirts; he resists; she does something nasty to him. Like chaining him to a bed. Naked. Last but not least, Mark Strong does a wonderful job as villainous Lord Blackwood, considering that he has to be a plausible antagonist, but not bad enough to outshine Moriarty, who is set to appear in the sequels. Strong has certainly set the benchmark for future Holmes' villains – whoever is going to play Moriarty is, will have to be really evil now. Overall, the film is gripping and very believable: the sets are beautifully detailed, none of the stunts are overdone, the actors all play their parts to perfection, and Guy Ritchie certainly wasn't the wrong man to direct; his confidence in his abilities is what allowed him to make the film dirty and gritty and fresh. When coupled with an amazing score by Hans Zimmer, this film is certainly the best film of 2009, and will continue to be great through 2010, and well into the future. I have been a Holmes fan since I first started reading Sir Arthur Conan Doyle in 8th grade. I have been disappointed with other filmed versions of the past, and I was skeptical of this "newer" Holmes. My children took me (as a gift) on Christmas Day. I was prepared to be silently critical. Imagine my surprise when I was speechless with joy. And what was most surprising, my sons, who are not Holmes savvy, enjoyed the movie as well. It was a delight to the eye, a heartfelt, wistful return to adventuresome reading and a bit of jolt to the adrenal system. Congratulations to Guy Ritchie for this fabulous recreation of Holmes and gang. And to Downey and Law, special appreciation, it was like falling in love again. I was gleefully entertained and thoroughly satisfied. Bravo ! Sherlock Holmes.An amazing movie, action packed, stocked with very funny jokes and a great cast. The chemistry between Jude Law and Robert Downey Jr. is one of the best I've ever seen in a movie, and trust me, I've seen loads.To me, this movie is a Sherlock Holmes Movie finally the way it's supposed to be!! The story is interesting and keeps you amused and engaged, it's definitely impossible to doze of during this movie.I love the way Watson and Holmes are so different, but they are still best friends. They can't live with each other, but they can't live without each other. They feel they have to protect each other.If you haven't seen this movie yet, go to the cinema's NOW! This is a must-see! With films such as this I feel stuck in the middle of targeted audiences; I love it when a series gets restarted but I'm always on my guard and at my most cynical.If you've ever had the hours of your life stolen from you with films like Wild wild west or The League of extraordinary gentlemen, then you know exactly what I mean when I say that it is rare indeed to see a movie set in the 1800's that isn't a load of historically inaccurate, technologically ridiculous, propriety insulting garbage.Sherlock Holmes (much to my great relief) has forgone that pitfall by a giant leap; the technology in the movie fits the time period very well- we are allowed the pleasure of seeing 'the future' of that time, but nothing absurd like a giant mechanical spider or a machine gun crossbow. The settings are wonderful. I'm not a British historian, but I know quality sets when I see them, and for once it's not Tim Burton that's responsible (meaning that they're good Gothic settings, but not unnecessarily bleak.)The fact that Robert Downey Jr. stars as Holmes made me even more on edge; he's just isn't who would come to mind at all. But the humor and intelligence he brings to the role is refreshing and wholly natural. We're not subjected to the unbearable smugness of your average super-protagonist, but rather an almost childishly humorous grown man, weary but curious of the world around him. Downey's English accent flows comfortably, so well in fact that I would risk getting a beat-down from his bodyguards to hug him for not putting me through another Nicholas Cage type accent abomination. I was never really in to Jude Law or Rachel McAdams but both of them also fell into their characters with winning performances, Law being the sidekick that keeps the hero in line without being annoyingly mean, and McAdams the love interest/femme fetale without being over the top, clingy or trashy.The story itself will wind your brain around a bit until the end, but isn't that why people have been in love with Sherlock Holmes for so many years in the first place? It will not bore you for a second, and it wraps up very nicely at the end (although you'll probably want to go over it your head again after you've left, which is a good thing)And last but not least, anyone who's ever read Sherlock Holmes will notice a plethora of accuracy, hints and homages, from Watson's limp thanks to the Jezail bullet that passed through his leg in the Afghan war, to the photo of Irene Adler that Holmes kept as a reminder of the only woman who ever outsmarted him.So take my advice and don't miss out on something this rare in concept; a quality revamp that pushes boundaries instead of ignoring them. People who complain about this film tend to be people who just don't get Sherlock Holmes at all or stuffy Sherlock Holmes fans who believe they have managed to figure out the character in all entirety and that no one can defy them that.Well I found this film extremely exciting. The direction was very good and the fight scenes well placed and humorous. Also I thought Hans Zimmer's' soundtrack could not have been improved because it was absolutely superb. Not only all this but as a big plus it had amazing special effects.As soon as I had seen the film and had been transported back to my childhood by this excitingly fast paced movie, I sat down to reading The Return of Sherlock Holmes. The books I had to say surprised me, for of the little criticism I had read of the film it was doubts on how correct the attitudes were to the books. Now taking that into consideration I expected to begin reading a very dull long story about a righteous, stroppy gentleman, which was the image the criticises had given me. However I found Sherlock Holmes to be very much more like Robert Downey Jr's performance (which was amazing by the way), he was quick witted funny and always having little banters with Watson, teasing him.So Robert Downey Jr I believe really brought out the true Holmes. Also Jude Laws performance defo improved Watson by giving him more backbone, brains and making him all together a lot less worshipping of Holmes, which was obviously a good thing. Rachel McAdams played a very good Irene Adler. :D To be frank, this film has been given some massive amounts of publicity. As well as the reputation of the name Sherlock Holmes, this film is bound to be successful in the box office. Not to mention the actors and director, in which we expect a lot from.I haven't read any of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's books about the great detective Sherlock Holmes. So this review will be based upon whatever I have seen and I will rate it for what I saw, not how accurate or how there is a miscasted Sherlock Holmes is. To be honest, I have seen many of these Sherlock Holmes fanboys complaining about how inaccurate this film is, I really don't care. We live in the 21st century, things change, just because you think how perfect that actor 40 years old played Sherlock Holmes should be casted, sorry, his dead. There have been films of Sherlock Holmes which are played by the 'more suited' actors, but sorry, how successful were they? This one is going for a wider audience.The film starts instantly with a crime, all of a sudden with questions and gets into the point fast.I've been a Guy Ritchie fan ever since Lock, stock and two smokin' barrels. And I can easily say that he is one of my favourite director. Guy Ritchie adds his own touch of 'first do, explain later' which really made the film more interesting. You always wanted to you know why, how, or when.I really don't have to talk about the actors, with reputation for all four actors you guess they'll do an exception job, which they did. I found the chemistry of Judd Law and RDJ really real and it felt they belonged to together. Not for the second did i think that they were lovers, as some people argued. They are just two good mates.Guy Ritchie depicts the Victorian times perfectly. From the clothes that were worn, to the way the streets were paved. The costumes were top notch (I hope I see them getting an Oscar nomination for that category). The CGI scenes, which were not overused nor needed for most parts were done excellently. I found them feeling really realistic. from the ship scene and the bridge.Humour was a big part in the film. I found it to be quite funny. Although most of the 'laugh out loud' scenes were exclusive to the trailers, It still had more humour than I expected. The theatre laughed at almost all the jokes and I laughed a little extra.In conclusion, the film has shown some great acting by the lead roles, a magnificent setting of the Victorian times along with a good plot with tasteful humour. Sherlock Holmes is a franchise that will make millions not matter how crap the films are. There are always people will want to watch it. Guy Ritchie has implemented his trademark directorial skills which made the film more interesting.Acting/cast: 5/5 Plot/dialogue: 4/5 Music/score: 5/5 CGI/depiction:5/5 4/5 "Sherlock Holmes" is part-comedy, part-thriller, part-romance, and part-buddy movie. It is also completely brilliant.The film's plot concerns a mysterious plot by the menacing Lord Blackwood. Holmes (Downey Jr.), Watson (Law), and an alluring past love interest (McAdams) must work together- sometimes reluctantly- to crack the case. It sounds simple, but a number of ominous supporting players and adrenaline-inspiring set pieces make it constantly entertaining and riveting.The perpetually likable Robert Downey Jr. takes up the torch as Sherlock Holmes. There's no need to compare his work to that of Basil Rathbone- the two performances could not be more different. Downey Jr. makes Holmes both comedic and competent. His accent is convincing, and his delivery is as dead-pan as ever. In Guy Ritchie's revisionist take, Holmes has become a comic action hero, and Downey Jr. pulls off both the comedy and the action seamlessly. Jude Law lends great support as Watson; his take on the character is more traditional, but he makes a great comedic straight-man as well. McAdams also does well as an American femme fatale whose allegiances are always in question.Stylistically, the film combines Ritchie's "guns-blazing" sensibilities with period detail and witty dialogue. The quick-cut shots and fast-paced visual flashbacks/explanations suit the source material surprisingly well. The musical score is effectively creepy; it evokes the air of the Rathbone films and the Sir Arthur Conan Doyle novels. Similarly, the costumes and art direction capture the time period, and arrest the audience visually. The script is chock-full of funny lines, and the cast delivers them well.While purists may shudder at the sight of Sherlock in the boxing arena, Ritchie's "Holmes" is fun, fast-paced, and fresh. Case closed. When we first saw the trailer to Sherlock Holmes, my wife and I both got the impression that this film could be really good or really bad. Then when the reviews came out, I breathed a sigh of relief that we hadn't wasted our time and money running out to see it on opening night. We would have avoided it entirely if she hadn't suggested we go see some chick flick, causing me to grasp at "that silly Sherlock Holmes action film" as an escape hatch.Now we are both furious at the critics for keeping us away from this film for so long. Robert Downey's Sherlock Holmes is the most compelling and authentic portrayal of the Holmes character I've ever seen. One of the first things we find out about Holmes in the Conan Doyle stories is that he's a manic depressive drug addict who engages in aberrant, self-destructive behavior like firing bullets into the walls of his apartment when he doesn't have a case to distract him from his inner demons. All Guy Ritchie does is emphasize this darker side of Holmes' character and use it to portray Holmes as a man of action as well as creature of the mind. That is a far cry from the wholesale reworking of Holmes that the critics accuse Ritchie of.Ritchie's Holmes is a lonely misfit who lives with one foot in "respectable" society and the other in London's vast underworld. All of that is true to the stories. As for Watson, he is Holmes' only friend and the one person trying to save him from himself (again, true to the stories). For that reason, Watson's impending marriage is a threat to Holmes, and brings out some wonderful comic relief with Holmes acting the part of the aggrieved "wife" trying to overlook "her" husband's dalliances while working hard to undermine them and save the "marriage." That may go beyond what's in the stories, but it's a great way to make the two characters come alive in a way that a 21st Century audience can relate to. Failure to re-imagine their relationship in such a way runs the risk of treating Holmes and Watson as Victorian museum pieces; something that's been done quite enough.Throw into the mix a supernatural plot with a villain in the mold of Aleister Crowley, and you have a superb film that shakes off the dust of 20th Century screen adaptations and gives us a fresh new Holmes for the 21st Century who is still 100% faithful to the character. I hope to see Downey and Law in many Holmes sequels to come. Guy Ritchie is like the English Quentin Tarantino. Except, well, not as good. Ritchie has had some great films, some OK films, and some terrible films. His first,Lock,stock, and two smoking barrels, was OK. His second, Snatch, was great. His third, Swept away, I never saw. But it bombed. I don't know what he did after that. But then he did Rocknrolla, which was OK. It had it's moments but not art. But now he returns with his newest movie. Sherlock Holmes. Which is his best movie since Snatch.Ricthie changes the iconic characters Watson and Sherlock. Both are now ass kickers. I know, it's an odd twist. Well, if it makes the movie work, then I guess not. The film works anyways. I was never bored by Sherlock Holmes. It was funny, some of the action sequences were spectacular,the acting was good. It's exhilarating entertainment that you must see. Robert Downey Jr. stars as the title role. Like most of Ritchie's plots, I have a hard time explaining what it's about. There is a lot to it. But I will tell you that the cast to it is very good. And it has a lot of what Ritchie uses.I will tell you a few details. The plot at first seems like it will be something paranormal. It's not quite paranormal.It seems like it but it's not. I will not give anything else out besides that the movie is a lot of fun. See it.Alright now I have come up with a way to describe the plot. The film starts off with Sherlock(Downey) and Watson(Law) going to save this woman from some sort of evil ritual. They soon learn it's a guy named Lord Blackwood, a priest or something. Eventually, Blackwood is put in prison and hung by the neck. And also more murders start to occur around the town. And they believe it was Blackwood. But how could he be back from the dead?Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law have a strange kind of romance. Or bro-mance. Though Rachael Mcaams plays his mysterious love interest of some sort, Irene Alder, I always sensed that Law ands Downey had a bit more of something.Another thing about the plot. Watson always feels tempted to go with Sherlock. Even when he is going on a date or something. The film is never boring, funny, and exciting., As I said before, see it. Although some might disagree, I believe that this adaptation of Sherlock Holmes is truer to the original than any of its predecessors. Downey's character seems to stand out quite well without being overshadowed by Jude Law who also played an excellent Watson. There was more action in this one that in previous version of the franchise, but I think that it was aptly suited for this day and age, where anything short of that might end up as a BBC miniseries. Overall its was fun, exciting from start to finish, had fair acting. I wish it could have lasted a bit longer and I sure hope, there is a sequel with the infamous Professor Moriaty. Overall good family film for all the ages. If you liked the Young Sherlock Holmes in the 80's, you will like this too. No matter how many times directors have tried to make a Sherlock Holmes film that's as accurate as it is entertaining, none have managed. At least, before this one came along.Robert Downey Jr does an extraordinary job in playing Sherlock Holmes. His accent is perfect, his tone and attitude are spot on, and his physical demeanour is just fantastic. They couldn't have picked a better actor for the job. The same goes for Watson. Jude Law is brilliant at portraying himself as the doctor that we know and love from the books.The film is historically accurate, true to the books, and it brings to life the writing that has entertained people for generations. If you haven't seen Sherlock Holmes, then go and buy it on DVD now! You won't regret it! What comes to our mind when wit meets excellence - Robert Down Jr...this fact is well explained in this movie. From the plot, storyline, action, drama, comedy everything seemed to be so perfectly placed. The interconnections and not a missing link leave the viewer amazed with excitement.
The brilliance lies in the creativity of Sherlock and his ability at seeing things with a different view. That is reason he benefits at finding the logical explanations of Lord Blackwood's evil activities. Lord Blackwood is shows himself as the Lord of the dark using the marvels of science. 
The first encounter of Sherlock and Mary at dinner and Sherlock using his intelligence at deciphering the details is one of the most comical moments. Dr Watson, a good friend has to suffer being a companion of Sherlock but is a die hard friend who never backs out. 
The cinematography and portrayal of the 19th Century civilization is done as a marvel and so is the acting. The most brilliant was the fight at the dockyard and release of the ship and gear almost killing Sherlock---realistic. 
But the most beauty was the sound effects that were perfectly timed and executed. From the subtle movement to the action packed fight one could find the brilliant sound effects. 
The little Puppy, Gladstone....he is the real sufferer....OMG
Desperate to watch the next part. Opening on Christmas Day, Sherlock Holmes showed itself to be worthy as a blockbuster hit. To be frank, I came with an expectation that the movie would be terrible. But I was proved wrong.Sherlock Holmes seems to be like the new James Bond: gritty, hardcore, and always ready for a good fight. He is not only intellectually sophisticated but also quite a brawler. Watson his side kick who is his loyal friend is always there to save his dear partner from harm's way. Irene plays the notorious thief and lover of Mr. Holmes. She is a wily character who keeps the reader guessing her motives.The cinematography of the movie was special because it showed parts of the film as Holmes' future logical deductions. The movie also used the tradition method of explaining the Sherlock Holmes deductions after given the facts and clues.Sherlock Holmes' evil nemesis play his part well. There were many humorous antics and displays of ingenious traps. The other minor characters also added to the crude humor and laughter.Overall, this movie deserves to be watched. It comes with sparkles of spontaneity and fun. And it may even leave you wanting a sequel! Give it a try! Wildly clever and wonderfully entertaining, Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes surpasses all expectations I had for the film, and takes a place as one of my favorite mysteries of the decade. Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law play Holmes and Watson, and both do so with great ease. Downey Jr. is by far the greatest standout in the film, truly capturing the mind of the character, while also giving him some much needed human qualities. Rachel McAdams also gives a grand performance as Irene Adler, and is certainly a character I will be hoping to see in future sequels. The film is quite enjoyable, with the pacing never seeming too slow, and the story keeping together quite well, despite some hard-to-follow attempts of showing certain events all the way through. The music in the film truly adds to the atmosphere and is quite delightful, as well as the costumes and set pieces throughout. Mark Strong's character of Lord Blackwood does seem a bit overdone at times, but it's all in good fun for a truly engaging and delightful mystery. In the end, Sherlock Holmes is one of the most enjoyable mysteries I have seen in quite a while, and I will be looking forward to what this duo uncovers next.
My Rating: 9.75/10 After seeing Robert Downy Jr as Iron man I thought that the character Tony Stark itself is a very funny person.
But just after watching this movie I completely became a fan of Robert. Reading the Sherlock Holmes' stories gave me a view of Sherlock Holmes that is completely maintained by Robert. If you went to the cinema anytime from early September last year, no doubt you would have seen the trailer for Guy Ritchie's first film not to be rated 18, Sherlock Holmes staring Robert Downey Jr as the enigmatic Mr Holmes, Jude Law as the faithful Dr Watson and Rachel McAdams as the only woman who has ever beaten Holmes twice, Irene Adler. Sherlock Holmes sees our favourite consulting detective and military doctor arrive just in time to save the latest victim of a string of ritualistic murders lead by Lord Blackwood, the only villain not mentioned in the original books by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Blackwood who, after being hung and miraculously manages to resurrected makes a plot that becomes a threat to all of England. Using all his knowledge and cunning Holmes must find and stop Blackwood before it's too late.Downey Jr is simply fantastic in this movie and one which introduced me to his talents and the whole world of Sherlock Holmes. Watching Downey, it's easy to forget that he is actually American with his superb attempt at the English accent that could put native Englishmen to shame. Downey brings a certain charm and charisma that is a far cry from the Deerstalker wearing, pipe smoking stuffy Victorian man the public remember. However, I do have one problem and that's with his pronunciation. As I've already said, Downey is American to play Holmes, at some points I do have to rewind it back and listen again with the subtitles on to work out what he's saying.Jude Law also brings Watson bang up to date. Gone is the fat baffled man we usually think of, to be replaced by one who can and will get stuck into anything he encounters. In this, we see Watson about to get married to his love interest Mary and it is quite clear that Holmes is finding it hard to let go of his best friend and work colleague.Jude and Robert's chemistry is phenomenal in this movie, with hints of bromance laced throughout; it's enough to make the all audience feel comfortable without getting too much like Brokeback Mountain.The Canadian actor Rachel McAdams, best know for her work in Mean Girls, The Notebook and Time Travellers wife, is also brilliant, making her character charming, dangerous and quite alluring at the same time. Men want her and women want to be her and looking at her co-star Robert Downey Jr who wouldn't? She probably had the hardest job as she had very little to go on for a character that had been in the original books.The best scene involves Holmes fighting in a low end bar to vent out his frustrations using slow motion camera movements where Holmes details exactly how he would beat his opponent with bone crunching results , literally.Some Sherlock Holmes purists may argue that the film is too far away from the books, but I disagree. If you watch carefully the movie refers to a lot of the detail without being an exact copy. Overall I thoroughly recommend this movie and can't wait for the sequel that begins filming this autumn. MAGNIFICENT.This is a hugely enjoyable adaption of Sherlock Holmes. Adaptations depart from their originals in movies through necessity - movies don't work like prose so new elements have to be introduced and ineffective ones removed, simple as that. Adaptations should be assessed on their own merits. A good rule of thumb in a re-imagining of an old story is to see how people who don't know the original react and my friend who didn't know much about Holmes thought this film was excellent.It's a funny movie! Most of the movie's driven by its humour and most of the humour comes from Holmes being wonderfully obnoxious.Many complaints will be/have been made regarding the new Holmes/Watson dynamic - I think it's hilarious. What would be the point of just re-filming the Brett take? The whole point of doing the same stories/characters again is to find different things and see if they work. I say this version of Holmes works! In fact...I'm really REALLY impressed with RDJ's and Guy Ritchie's take on Holmes - an OCD maniac with manipulative tendencies, impatient to the point of despair with what he must see as the slowness of those surrounding him, incapable of switching off his brain, never still. RDJ has made a Holmes that is frankly superhuman, not merely an elegant, witty and superbly disciplined intellectual, but some kind of freak that just can't stop analysing everything around him. It's actually more faithful to Conan Doyle's vision than a lot of people are going to give it credit for.And I'm ANNOYED with people complaining about the extra weight placed on fisticuffs in this movie - Guy Ritchie goes entirely out of his way to include a scene wherein Holmes wins his fight hands down not with superior brawn but with superior *knowledge*. And then has the sense to balance this with that huge French guy later in the movie to show that even Holmes isn't indestructible. The physical violence isn't predictable in this movie, it matters and adds weight and power to the story. It simply isn't comparable to the silly Matrix-styleeee fight scenes that have plagued the movie industry of late! AND they had Irene Adler. And they mentioned Mycroft. AND a certain someone else "appeared" who was portrayed very cleverly, oh yes, and oh YES, Mr Ritchie, if THAT'S what he's going to be like, I WILL come to watch your sequel! There's just one quibble. RDJ's Holmes was a teeny bit too cool for Mark Strong's Blackwood to confront convincingly. But never mind. with luck, Guy Ritchie will ramp up the baddie a notch or two in the next instalment... wink, wink, Mr Ritchie... EXPERIENCE THE REAL SHERLOCK HOLMES This is the authentic Sherlock Holmes, not the antiseptic version played by Basil Rathbone or Jeremy Bretts. The Robert Downey Jr. Holmes is closer to the Holmes created by Sir Arther Conan Doyle than any other portrayal I have seen. Holmes was a mess. An addict of many things and almost uncivilized. Holmes was also brilliant and expert in many things which this movie shows when no other have. As most genius characters, he did not fit in his world or his world's expectation of proper behavior.In this film, Guy Ritchie has left his marks, for certain and one of his marks is to portray life as it was or is in any period his characters are set. London itself was a filthy dirty city during that period. Good personal hygiene was pretty much found only among the upper class. So the setting is authentic as is the character. For those who have trouble understanding the story, or finding the mystery to be solved, that is, in itself authentic to the books. Frequently Holmes is solving a different mystery than the readers (and in this case the viewers) are led to believe. Twists and turn-abouts abound, authentic to a Doyle plot. In the end...well in then end I will not spoil it, but will strongly recommend this movie as the best Sherlock Holmes I have seen to date. If you want to experience the authentic Holmes - a genius misfit, then see this movie. The last man you would imagine as the ideal producer for "Sherlock Holmes" is none other than high-octane "Lethal Weapon" producer Joel Silver. Nevertheless, between action movie maestro Silver and audacious British director Guy Ritchie, the English counterpart to Martin Scorsese when it comes to making English mobster movies, Silver and Ritchie constitute a dynamic duo. Similarly, American actor Robert Downey, Jr., would seem least qualified to incarnate Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's immortal sleuth, but the "Iron Man" star makes it a neat fit. Well, neat might not be the appropriate word. While hygiene proves to be an annoyance to him, Robert Downey as Sherlock Holmes is nothing short of brilliant when he comes to making flawless deductions that would never occur to the less observant. Holmes notices the minutest detail, and he is forever cataloguing facts as well as experimenting with his own inventions, such as a handgun silencer. Silver and Ritchie have assembled a top-notch cast, including Jude Law, Mark Strong, and Rachel McAdams. Mind you, Holmes purists may hoist their supercilious eyebrows when they learn that Downey shuns the indispensable Basil Rathbone deerstalker cap and maintains a disheveled appearance. Incidentally, Rathbone played Holmes more times than anybody else in the Twentieth Century Fox/Universal Pictures franchise between 1939 and 1946. Meanwhile, Silver and Ritchie have lovingly recreated the Victorian setting in London during the 1890s, complete with Holmes' rooms at 221B Baker Street. The latest Holmes strives to be more charismatic and less haughty than either Nicol Williamson in "The Seven Per-Cent Solution" (1976) or Robert Stephens in "The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes" (1970). Freshman scenarist Michael Robert Johnson, "Invictus" scribe Anthony Peckman and Simon Kinberg of "X-Men: Last Stand" have penned a preposterous but wholly entertaining screenplay that bristles with 130 minutes worth of serpentine twists and turns. You will definitely get your money's worth. "Sherlock Holmes" pits Holmes with his faithful colleague, the dapper Dr. John Watson (Jude Law of "Cold Mountain"), against the Voldemortian-style villain, Lord Blackwood (creepy Mark Strong of "Body of Lies"), who conjures up more evil than Holmes has ever faced. The maniacal Blackwood invokes dark magic and kills helpless women to enhance his powers. Initially, Holmes and Watson thwart him from slaying his latest female victim. Scotland Yard's Inspector Lestrade (Eddie Marsan of "Miami Vice") packs the predator off to the poky for the inevitable date with the gallows that Blackwood so richly deserves for his dastardly crimes. Watson officiates as the doctor who confirms Blackwood's demise and signs the death certificate. No sooner has Blackwood been safely buried than the bugger shatters his tomb and walks the earth, creating hysteria in London, and making Watson look incompetent. Like any worthwhile villain, Blackwood has ambitious designs now that he is back among the living. Blackwood convinces everybody in London but Holmes that he possesses paranormal powers that make him indestructible. He plans to implement some sweeping changes in London as well as the world unless Holmes can thwart his evil designs.Robert Downey, Jr., and Jude Law generate the same chemistry that made Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce in the 1940s Sherlock Holmes movies so popular. Unlike Bruce's bumbling Watson, Law is treated as an intelligent equal to Holmes and they carry on some lively conversations. Usually, Watson isn't given much to do in these adventures, but Law shares a greater part of the burden. In "Sherlock Holmes," Watson dresses like a GQ Victorian gentleman and plans to marry Mary Morstan (Kelly Reilly of "Pride & Prejudice"), and Holmes does everything possible to prevent it. Incidentally, the character Mary Morstan appears in the Doyle novel "The Sign of Four" as Watson's lady friend. Meanwhile, Holmes has his own hands full of a seductress, Irene Adler (Rachel McAdams of "The Notebook"), who likes to slip knock-out drops in his drink and leave him in embarrassing predicaments. Indeed, Adler appeared as a character in multiple Doyle stories about Holmes. She has been sent to confound Holmes by an unknown individual in a carriage who wears a derringer up his sleeve.Holmes and Watson's bickering seems even more amusing than the larger-than-life action set-pieces that Ritchie orchestrates with vigor and aplomb. The funniest scene has Holmes battling a towering French ruffian who literally destroys a dry dock. Ritchie doesn't direct "Sherlock Holmes" like an ordinary mystery, but spruces it up with flash-forward scenes that dissect the action—usually Holmes' startling deductions—like something you would see in a "C.S.I." television episode. For example, in a "Snatch" like scene where Holmes boxes with a superior opponent, our hero explains how he will topple his adversary with various blows and then Ritchie presents it in real time. People who hate the idea of Holmes as a pugilist should go back to the source material. Doyle describes Holmes as a formidable bare-knuckles brawler in the novel "The Sign of Four" and Holmes even used martial arts against Moriarty in "The Adventure of the Empty House." Consequently, Holmes' boxing exploits are not a great stretch since his literary counterpart performed these feats in literature. When Holmes makes a deduction, Ritchie draws us back in time to when Holmes acquired his insight that prompted his deduction. The finale on the London Bridge, which is under construction, caps off this sprawling adventure. Whatever the case, "Sherlock Holmes" represents the first time in twenty years that a film about Doyle's eccentric amateur detective has illuminated screens in America since the 1988 comedy "Without a Clue" that starred Michael Caine as a fraudulent Holmes. Ultimately, your decision to see "Sherlock Holmes" will rest on your willingness to accept the makeover that Holmes received. It is really not that radical a stretch when you remember the 1985 movie "Young Sherlock Holmes" where Holmes and Watson were teenage colleagues. Most of what happens here with both characters can be traced back to the literary Holmes. Boasting brains and brawn, "Sherlock Holmes" is anything but elementary. We saw "Sherlock Holmes" on Christmas Day with a packed audience. Judging by my reaction and those in the theatre, everyone LOVED it! I was on the edge of my seat during the entire fast-paced and action packed movie. Unlike other reviews, I was surprisingly able to hear and understand the quick dialogue and English humor. I don't think I missed anything. I encourage anyone reading this to go see the movie and don't wait for it to come out on DVD. It is definitely one you want to see on the big screen. I loved the music too. Couldn't wait to rush home and order the soundtrack off Amazon.com. Great movie Guy Ritchie. Well Done! 