The most thrilling movie I've seen in a long time. Neeson is what we would fear if James Bond went to hell and came back for revenge (I doubt big budget Quantum of Solace will top this). I loved Jason Bourne; but where Bourne is confused for half the movie, Neeson is looking down a barrel of a pistol 3/4 of the time. In a three way spy battle, I would put Neeson edging out Bourne, who would be a step ahead of Bond.Between the jaw-dropping action sequences was the subject matter of international trafficking, which was pretty miserable to watch. Although killing is wrong, death was never more satisfying to watch. I'm still under the influence of this movie, so my comment is likely to be superlative! I went to this movie, knowing that one of the writers and the director were both French, and since I've seen some not-so-impressive movies (almost fell asleep), i was really skeptical.BUT this one proved to be a great action movie. The best movie to compare with Taken is Hit-man. The idea is somewhat the same (lots of action, shots, flying bullets etc) - though the motive for the actions are not money. But the level of realism, the motivation of the character, the cold blood which moves him on makes this flick a good option to choose when selecting a movie.Liam Neeson does a great performance, perfectly interpreting his role of a former spy. As he says in one of his lines, he's "retired, but not dead", having an opportunity to show everyone what he knows to do best.The movie covers a hot topic too, kidnapping young women to force them to prostitute, and all the business this involves. You get to see the kind of people are supporting these arrangements and what it takes for the victims to be there.Of course, the movie has (very small, almost invisible) drawbacks, like some lines in a wrong language (english instead of french) and some Rambo - stuff, but the overall impression is simple: a strong recommendation! Gone to see Liam Neeson, I've just seen a great movie. Much action, some American humour (you Americans don't take it too serious, and that's just as pleasant taht way !), a Liam Neeson at the top of his art and as a background a very hard subject that makes you think about it (procuring). I don't know how the critics are reacting in USA, but in France they are vilifying this movie. So, whatever your American critics are saying, just do as usual : don't listen to them ! And enjoy this ninety-minutes show. Regarding Liam Neeson... Well, I am a huge fan, thus I can't be unbiased. Yet, I found his interpretation very convincing, he is still the same : one of the best actors ever, along with... Hum, I'll stop there, don't want to be controversial. Have a good sitting ! By the way, do excuse me for any mistake I could've made, as I'm French (I imagine you could've guessed it, since we are the lucky ones who are the first to be able to see this film !). I hadn't heard much about this film but it was on TV one day and I decided to watch it. I have now seen this film about 5 times and it is one of my favourites.It is full of non-stop action, shooting, fighting, car chases, you name it, this film has it. A 90 minute thrill ride. So gripping, leaving you speechless at how good the action on screen is.Liam Neeson is brilliant, he was born to play the role of Bryan Mills and he executed his role to perfection. Maggie Grace as his daughter was also good. The plot was fairly simple and a little bit predictable but the action was just amazing. Bryan Mills went to extreme measures to get his daughter back, you just knew he would do it, no matter how long it took and no matter how many risks he had to take. It was exhilarating, I couldn't take my eyes off the screen.It was a short lived film but I think that made it better, it just hit the spot perfectly. It was breathtaking. I could watch this film any time and it would still be great. I would highly recommend it to anyone.We're also left with one of the greatest quotes from a film - Bryan Mills "I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want. If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills; skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you." to which the villain replies down the phone "Good luck." - This is so memorable and really sets the film up for a thrilling ride.Overall, one of the best films I have ever seen. 10/10. Seeing as most revenge movies take place after a tragedy has already taken place and the "hero" has trouble dealing with the aftermath, Taken deals with a protagonist who takes his revenge while fighting to prevent the tragedy from becoming irreversible. I kinda felt it was a fresh take on the brooding and lonely "hero" on a suicide mission to get revenge, as in Taken he isn't really on a suicide mission as he has to make sure his daughter is safe and make sure she gets home. The fact that it tries to be authentic with both real world problems and a more realistic approach to the action sequences makes it very rewarding to watch as you keep rooting for him to save her and take out as many bad guys as possible. It's very clear he's the good guy and the bad guys have no redeeming qualities.All in all it works really well for what it is and feels very rewarding when watching it. It does a lot of things right no matter how accurate things are portrayed as it conveys them as though they are. A fantastic action/revenge movie. One of Liam Neeson's best performances. Taken was the movie that helped me discover that Liam Neeson is one of my all time favourite actors. It was brutal and gripping, with great cast. A 90 minute thrill ride for me, intense and action-packed. If you didn't think that Liam Neeson could be an action star, you were wrong. After Schindler's List, Neeson's performance in Taken is the most memorable of all his performances. I've happy that they're making a 3rd Taken film. The first 2 were great, especially this one. Taken is one of those movies that you can watch over and over again and not get tired of the action. I was surprised that Taken was an 18 certificate in the UK when I've watched films like Kick-Ass 2 and Prisoners which are rated 15 but have much more graphic violence in.No complaints for Taken, a definite must-see movie. Taken is an action movie full of suspense and starring Liam Neeson,who plays a retired CIA agent.Liam Neeson who has impressive skills, and tries to save his kidnapped daughter from Albanian web of prostitution and drugs,his adventure starts in Paris;he has a few clues but a prodigious memory, and with help of his CIA partners and after a lot of events an troubles,he finally found and save his daughter.the Movie doesn't have a lot of special effects but the plot was very very exciting and addictive,have a good music and the locations are wonderful,amazing and fantastic. In our opinion its a very gripping film, we recommend to everyone to like,action,suspense and mystery movies.YOU WILL BE HOOKED BY THE PLOT I watch it 3 times in the past few years, and still enjoy it.Don't want to spoil anything so I will keep this simple.I can't complaint on anything, and that is something very good to say about a movie.The story is very original. The main character is like James bond, but at the same time "the guy next door". Let's say a retired James bond. But unlike James bond movies, Taken is more realistic. Is like all could happen in real life. Maybe a few exceptions, but not a deal breaker.Even with a good story, the action also by itself is enough to enjoy it. That is why I can watch it many times and still enjoy it, like I watch Die Hard.You should watch it if you like action movies like Die Hard. My sister don't even like die hard and she like Taken. Maybe because Taken is even better than die hard? More updated? Who knows. But my point is that you might like Taken even if you don't like die hard. This role is the best for Liam Neeson. I love this movie and him. Everyone must watch this! This is the first time I am writing a comment on IMDb and that's because this movie has compelled me to do so. This movie shows how a thriller should b paced. But more than anything I loved the way Liam Neeson has portrayed the role of a protective father. Being a father myself, I could feel the pain in his eyes. He completely overshadows everything and everyone in this movie. Absolutely breath-taking!! Another aspect of this movie that I loved is that it has its heart at the right place. Superb acting, pacing and very believable storyline make this a must watch. I am going for 10/10 for this movie thats just blew me away. This is one of the best suspense/action movies I've ever seen. The actors all did an awesome job. If you like action and suspense I promise this movie will keep you on the edge of your seat and at the end you'll be begging for more. The car chases, the explosions and all the gun play!! And yes even special ops technology. And plot twists you'll never see coming. Did I mention the unique killings and torture treatments? Oh yes, it is a good movie. Next to Batman The Dark Knight its got my vote for best movie of 2008 - 2009. Go see this movie or rent it now. You will go buy it the next night I guarantee it. Liem Nealson for best actor 2009 all the way. I give this movie 10 a perfect score. For me this film was amazing.I have read many reviews giving this a negative, and all the negatives stem around the stereotypes. What action film nowadays doesn't have stereotypes... it's as if any film has middle eastern or Asian characters in it everyone shouts "my god stereotype" seriously lighten up. IT'S A FILM!! Someone mentioned product placement of oringina when he give it to the girl for shock. WOW it was in shot for like 10 seconds. What about all these films where all laptops used are from Apple! That was probably the only product placement in the film and tbh i didn't really notice.Anyways This film is great, neeson isn't what would come to mind as an action star but he performs great... he is like bond but more realistic and less oooooooooh look at me! You really need to see this film, very entertaining.Anyone giving it less that 8 is silly :) or just being negative about it because they are overly picky, being overly intelligent. Liam Neeson in an action role that makes Steven Seagal look sleepy and tired? Who wudda thunk it! What a well made movie and a joy to ride.I agree with the previous comments on this movie. It is well paced, the action is mostly all believable, and once the fun begins, you hardly get to catch your breath.Famke Janssen is perfect as the ex-wife you love to hate but besides a bubbly performance by Maggie Grace as daddy's little girl, this movie is all Liam Neeson. Now, he has never really impressed me before in a movie but he gets kudos for his performance here. It wasn't what I expected and I was pleasantly surprised.One thing that really impressed me was the lack of strong language and gratuitous sex. If not for the violence, this movie could be rated PG. Even then, except for one scene which caused my wife to turn away, the violence was tastefully done, not needing gory effects to carry the film. This just proves that a great action movie does not need vulgar language and unnecessary sex/nudity to succeed.Basically, a man's 17 year old daughter is kidnapped by a sex slave/prostitution ring and he goes to get her. All I can say is that they picked the wrong girl to snatch; her dad is an ex-Federal agent who hasn't lost his touch.If you don't go in expecting too much after all of this glowing praise, I believe that you will be pleasantly surprised as well. I freakin love Liam Neeson and this movie does him justice and more. If you want an awesome and I mean awesome revenge story then this movie is for you. The story is so gripping and it's the type of movie that you can't stop thinking about after you watch it. Great use of the story premise, plot devices and very believable build up. The dialogue is precise and idiosyncratic to each character. The characters are incredibly well fleshed out. The acting is great; Liam Neeson did this role incredibly, everyone else doesn't have that much but at least they didn't ruin the film because of it. The cinematography is excellent and the editing masterful. Action sequences are beautiful and deliberate. The soundtrack/audio is specific but not deterring. This movie reeks of "Leon" or "The Professional" or even "Ronin" and will have that cult following who will rant about it for years. Specific details made me think of "The Professional/Leon" (for example the sleeping/sitting in the armchair by Neeson) and I was not surprised to learn it was written by Luc Besson (director of "The Professional/Leon"). I thought that many action films fail because of the lack of attention to detail, but this is not the case for "Taken". It is a must see for action fans. An absolutely brilliant film! A really enjoyable film, one of my favourites! Made me see Oskar Schindler in a different light! For those that enjoyed this: Taken 2 is a good sequel, but not as good as this one (as many sequels aren't). Neeson has also released other action films and more of him being a BadALiam Neeson is obviously the main star in this film, and this has been the stepping stone for him to being cast in other action films. His performance in Batman Begins in 2005 was good, and I was disappointed that it didn't shoot off his action-film career, but I am glad this has! Can't wait to see his film coming out in February (Non-stop) nor see what humor role he has in Anchorman 2 (has anyone else seen that Ricky Gervais video??)Couldn't ask for a more action-packed-thrill-ride-more-bada film. One of the best out there! This movie takes us back to the good old street justice days of movies.We all remember Death Wish and Out For Justice, and not forgetting Payback. These movies gave us that raw and pure violence without any remorse or feeling, just raw good old violence. And who would have tough Liam Neeson to be the one pulling this off so generously. Well, here my friends we have something so good, it's just to good to miss out on. I sat on my couch, eating chips and having some max, while this killing machine of a man just took down one after another, and it seemed it should never end. To my satisfaction I might add, I enjoyed the killing quite much. The last time I had a blast like this were when I saw Out For Justice and Under Siedge, maybe even Bloodsport or Death warrant. These aren't the acting standard one might hope for, but non the less good old violent action at it's best, just like this good flick is. So, to stop babbling and answering the question at hand, yes, this is the movie you want to see, and yes, it will make you wanna take up karate again in the garage... It is unfortunate that 'Taken' is automatically regarded as clichéd by hearing its plot alone. In a nutshell, the daughter of an American secret agent is kidnapped and so he goes after her kidnappers. Sounds like a movie-made-for-TV doesn't it? Well it's not! The writing is excellent. Very tight, it gets to the point really quickly. It is obvious that they worked on the script a lot, to ensure that nothing boring or redundant is left inside. The rhythm of the plot picks up quickly and you don't want to stop watching.The action scenes are filmed to perfection and they are all convincing and interesting. The European set gives a kind of exotic vibe, adding to the value of the movie.Finally Liam Neeson is perfect for the role. You might think that someone like Bruce Willis might be more cut out for this, but Neeson proves he is an excellent actor and his performance is truly enjoyable.Do not miss out on 'Taken'. It is one of the best of its kind. I just want to say Taken is the best movie about dads' love. The more often I see this film, the better it gets (and it was terrific the first time I saw it!). The acting is first rate, with Liam Neeson perfectly cast and giving an outstanding performance as the ex-spy Dad on a rampage to rescue his kidnapped daughter from euro sex merchants. After the opening set-up, the action is non-stop and amply displays Neeson's training and an athletic skill that belies his late-fifties age. Written by Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen, the dialog is crisp and compelling. All in all, a wonderful action film that has you pulling for the protagonist from beginning to end. Although many other reviewers cite the similarities to the Bourne franchise, they are probably too young to fully appreciate how closely the flow of the film parallels the Death Wish series, particularly in the efficient and dispassionate manner in which Neeson's character dispatches "the enemy" to meet their maker. Overall, a great movie you can watch again and again. Liam Neeson is really fantastic in this as a hard man who's daughter (Maggie Grace) gets kidnapped while she's on holiday in Europe. Liam really captures the acting in this brilliantly. with him being an ex spy the interrogation of the men he knows has something to do with the capture of his daughter really have a bad time of it...... torture, painful deaths and some very skillful overkills are among what Liam Neeson's character offers. he really goes all out in the search of his daughter which i think any man would try to do if they were in a similar problem.there really isn't much more to say on this. its fairly straight forward but is very effective. the high points of this movie is the smartness of Neeson's character and also the high octane action that goes with it. everyone should see this awesome movie..........9.6/10 It's been just too long waiting for an action thriller that will knock my socks off, given too many bland attempts that left me wondering if the genre is too tired for my liking, with nothing left to wow. Then comes the Europa Corp team of Pierre Morel directing a Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen story, and Taken now ranks as one of my contemporary favourites for its simple story executed with so much style and gripping pace, that you'll be left breathless by the time the end credits roll.The trailer had one of the best monologues that I'm sure would have put many in the theatres, and probably be representative of the film. You have a stoic looking Liam Neeson as a father who tells the stranger at the end of the other line the conditions that the game will be played in, with perhaps bluff calling against bluff, only for the challenge and gauntlet to be thrown. From then on it's a non-stop adrenaline rush because this daddy happens to be a top ex-covert operative for the US government, so the bad guys essentially have chosen a wrong opponent to play the game with.The story worked well in dipping into some familiar fears, where daddy's little girl Kim (Maggie Grace) tells her dad lie after lie so as to cover up her tracks in wanting to do things she knows he would disapprove of. Such as, in this case, going on a tour of museums in Paris supposedly, rather than letting him know of her intent of being a groupie with friend Amanda (Katie Cassidy) chasing U2 all over Europe. Some may dismiss this fear as paranoia, but I think that heightened sense of awareness is a by product occupational hazard, and it's always better to err on the side of caution. For any parent who are confident of their kid's conduct, there is absolutely no guarantees that their kids' friends would toe the same line, and there are often those who are magnets for trouble due to their thrill seeking. As is in this case where you see supposed safeguards to lower risks being systematically peeled away.With his reluctant consent and lessons being thrown in on very simple survival tips (that would even serve well in real life), things still go wrong according to Murphy, and Liam Neeson's Brian has to race against time in finding a needle in the perennial haystack, relying on contacts and skills built over the years in carrying out government missions of prevention to save masses, now to put them into something more personal when addressing what could be any parent's worst nightmare, in having their daughters sold to the sex slave trade.Action-wise, Morel employs a whole host of fights ranging from gun battles, knives and the good ol' fisticuffs, with Neeson employing some cool Shinsai Goshin Kai moves for close quarter combats to take out opponents. You might balk at how it's probably another one man army movie with the hero ripping through the streets of Paris, but this borders close to the Jason Bourne movies in the way opponents are dispatched without remorse and without much bullshit. It's clinical as it is deadly, just the way I suppose anyone would do so without the very hokey monologues that plague lesser films prior to each kill. The action direction was top notch without resorting to cheap MTV styled quick cuts, and had kept the shaky-cam syndrome at bay, which in turn provided for a pure adrenaline rush for action junkies out there.Taken well deserved its accolades and I say again, one of the best action thrillers to have hit the screen of late after a number of bland peers. I highly recommend this and it's a shoo-in as a contender for top films of this year. See if you can spot that SQ plane flying overhead in a scene too! Bryan wants to spend time with his daughter, Kim; but his relationship is strained by his ex-wife and her rich husband. So when Bryan is approached by Kim to allow her to go to Paris, he refuses but comes around to the idea....When Kim arrives in Paris she and her friend contemplate on what to do....As Kim makes her phone-call to Bryan, something awful happens men kidnap the two young girls, Bryan listens helplessly on the phone, he warns the kidnapper that he will find him....Like any father would...But what makes Bryan different is that he is in fact a CIA spy...Bryan arrives in Paris with a vengeance, destroying anyone and everyone in his path to find his daughter.The film at first is very slow but you become attached to the nice and calm Bryan, the average guy who probably lives next door to you; and then he explodes with rage; Liam Neeson provides a great performance as the desperate father, while Maggie Grace takes on a change of character, away from the hot blonde...she plays a 'sheltered' young woman who is almost child like...I was brought in straight away by the trailer, the scene when his daughter is kidnapped, his threat to the kidnapper...and then the scene when he finally finds the kidnapper...Beautiful.... What can i say, great movie, one of the best i have seen for a long time, probably at the same level of enjoyment with the Bourne trilogy. Luc Besson is one of my favorite action movie Director and he knows how to keep you on your seat for the entire length of the movie. Neeson is playing one of his best action roles and the entire casting is there to support him. To bad i didn't see it at the movies but even at the comfort of my own place on a DVD, i was still glued to the screen. Imaculate storyline, revenge is not a plate eaten cold but an action TAKEN now, and immediately. The problem of watching such a good movie is that you'll be judging everything else based on that and from the movies that i've watched lately i can assure you it will be some time until the next good one. Just great. Okay, I put a 10 out of 10 as my rating, more like a 9.5 out of 10, but whatever. I've watched many, many action movies and usually when I find one rated PG-13, I'm always wishing it was R because of the material that's left out. Most of the time it feels PG-13 and you can't believe anything's real in a feeling like that. But this movie really pushed the boundaries of a PG-13 rating with the violence and let me tell you, I'm glad it did! I know violence doesn't make a movie better, but in this case, it really adds to the intensity of Liam Neeson's character, which is Dirty Harry mixed with John McClain and a little dash of Jason Statham in Transporter mode. It's a very taut thriller with an interesting setting and story line, filled with outlandish (yet effective and very cool) fight/shootout sequences that only Luc Besson of The Professional fame could bring to the screen. I highly recommend this film to anyone wanting a good revenge thriller with an aging man who can still kick some serious butt! 