This is a good movie if one is willing to overlook the hundreds, literally hundreds, of logical fallacies in this movie. Other reviews give a good overview of the plot, I'm not looking to do that here. I just want to point out some plot inconsistencies and/or the lack of critical thinking that the characters demonstrate. I will list a few of my observations below. 1. They go to a waterfall where they can scream as loud as they want and the monsters can't hear them. Why not live there? They could fish and collect drinking water near the river. The monsters would probably stay away from the area since the sound of the falls would impede their hunting ability. 2. When taking a walk, does anyone seriously let the youngest child of the group walk behind them. Why on earth would they let a young boy walk a hundred yards behind the adults in such a dangerous situation. They can't even correct the boy if he makes any mistakes, and indeed this results in his death. 3. How on earth did they get the corn planted? By hand? After 400+ days you wouldn't see corn in nice little neat rows like it was planted by farm equipment. 4. Since the monsters can't hear you if there is a loud sound nearby, why not bring out one of the downstairs speakers and blast something 24/7 on one of the nearby trees or on top of the house? The monsters would get used to the sound and leave the area alone, leaving the family to talk in peace. 5. What human with a brain wouldn't consider making a soundproof room. They could go to the city, get a bunch of foam, blankets, pillows, whatever, and plaster it around one of the larger rooms until they created an effective sound barrier. In the movie, a single mattress pulled over a walkway is an effective sound shield. Imagine how effective they could be if they put some ACTUAL effort into soundproofing the room. 6. Apparently the monsters can be killed by shotguns? The entire military was wiped out, with all the weaponry of the finest military in the world rendered useless against the monsters, but Emily Blunt shoots one in the head and kills it? Right. 7. The mother, Emily Blunt, is pregnant. Why would you bring a newborn child into this world, when the child will surely jeopardize the safety of the entire family. You know that babies cry right? Pull out or use a condom. 8. If the monsters can hear the faintest sound from far way, why do they have trouble hearing sounds that even humans can decipher at close range. A baby crying, a mother's heavy breathing, a persons heartbeat. All of these things would be loud to a creature that hear can hear footstep from a half mile away. 9. The mother's water breaks and she starts having the baby. She tries to contain her gasps and walks downstairs only to step on a nail on the stairway. She lets out a sound and falls, causing the monsters to hunt her down and nearly kill her and the newborn child. However, just in time, she is saved by fireworks designed to distract the monsters. Instead of removing the nail like any sane person, they just ignore it and leave it sticking up on the stairs for someone else to step on. Dumb. This movie isn't terrible, with great acting and a pretty unique backstory. But the glaring logical fallacies and the idiocracy of the characters made the movie completely unwatchable for me. The monsters don't really seem that formidable after further inspection, and if the family followed any of the tips I mention, they could live with little difficulty. I also can't understand the fuzz about this absurd movie. The list of stupid, impossible things in this post apocaliptic world is endless.Full electricity power in a devastated world without any generator at sight that would make noise and attract the aliens
A couple that decides to have a baby who will cry, attract the aliens and have all the family killed in seconds
A house sorrounded by acres of corn, an annual crop. Who cultivated it within the last 6 months? 
A nail in a step pointing up. How that happened?
Aliens that could beat all the armies in the world but are killed by a single shotgun of a smiling mother that has just lost his husband?
This husband that only thinks about shouting loud to attract the alien that is about to kill his children instead of making a diverting noise like throwing a stone?
Emily looking sharp, blonde dyed hair, hands done, for months and months?
Sending your child to light fireworks in the open instead of switching on a radio or else?
All imaginable cliches. Everything so dumb and stupid. Not worth it. I honestly have no idea how this movie reviewed so well, as I was sitting there I was absolutely dumbfounded by the actions of the characters and how these 'aliens' could even beat an organised human army of the middle ages. They wouldn't even need swords, I reckon they could have gotten the job done with sticks and rocks. We are seriously meant to believe that aliens, with seemingly no sense of site or smell but incredibly hyperacuity of sound, beat humans? That is the first and primary stupid premise of this film. Sound is the easiest thing to manipulate, can be matched with opposing noise to cover and as we found out later they have an intensely disabling reaction to high pitched sound. SERIOUSLY? If we met creatures like that on an opposing planet, we would make them extinct. Set up a sound box, bring them in blow them up/shoot them when they get near. Put DOG WHISTLES on humans to disable them when routing the few stragglers, have loud speakers on an armoured vehicle whilst patrolling so they would attack that and the men could walk up close, change the pitch to very high and place his gun on its head for an easy kill. I mean honestly, the most manipulable sensation is the only one they have? And to add insult to injury, a shotgun blast clearly blows it's head open (so their armour or not so tough) and they emit electromagnetic pulses when getting near? There is no believable scenario in which these things would triumph over humans. I thought maybe these creatures had sonar capability, but no they are even more useless than bats.Secondly, the humans in this are so utterly stupid its not funny. So the backup plan to scatter the aliens away if they are on the farm..... light 5- fireworks to distract them for about 20 seconds. Something much easier- a remote speaker activated with an ipod? A FREAKING RADIO with remote switch? They have power in this film, yet this is the best thing they can think of?His death was contrived nonsense too. The only thing he could think of was to scream to draw the alien away from his kid? How about throwing rocks/the pick he was holding AT THE GIANT METAL SHED BESIDE HIM? Also, WHY IN GOD'S NAME WOULD YOU DO ANYTHING BUT GO TO AN OPEN FIELD WHEN THE CREATURES ARE CLOSE? You have a distinct advantage in site- running to a closed car COMPLETELY DISABLES this. Common sense would dictate when you think its close, crouch down, breath into your sleeve to reduce sound and keep eyes open. The alien will neither smell nor see you, and if you need to move that you can see it and go slowly, whilst trying to throw an object somewhere to make noise for a distraction. She is heavily pregnant and they build a soundproof room that's NOT EVEN SEALED properly. They have a mattress that goes over the trap door? Ultra dumb and tries to set tension later in the film. It just screams laziness when a horror film has to build tension through dumb and pretentious means that no human would ever do.I could go on and on. This film is terribly lazy in building drama, uses jump scares all the time, cliched in the family 'unit' (there are seriously people here talking about the great dialogue??? This film had decisively little dialogue in it, and was utterly vanilla. They were all stereotypical family members, I bet not one person can name a quirk or unique character trait of any of them). The humans are stupid and the aliens are an incredibly flawed invader- Arnold from Predator could make a whole bunch of traps in the trees like he did in that film and wipe them all out in an afternoon. Overall, one of the worst movies I have seen in a while. First, why is the young kid left in the store and following the family home 30 ft behind everyone? Why if you can talk and live normal at the waterfall and lake are you inland at your house? You mean to tell me that the entire world is wiped out and nobody thought to themselves let's crank up the volume on radio waves? Dumb movie. Brilliant idea. I had very high hopes for this movie. The more I watched it, the quicker I realized that I (and the three other patrons in the theater) had been duped. I'm not going to beat this movie to death by going into details... everyone else has already done that. The movie came with a message: women and girls are smart and brave and men and boys are short-sighted (stupid), cowardly, and bumbling idiots. Case in point: the father had in his possession a shotgun which (as we learn late in the movie) was perfectly capable of killing the monsters. Why he had never attempted this, we'll never know. Why the military wasn't brought in, we'll also never know. I agree with everyone else about stupidity of bringing a baby into such a world, especially knowing that it would be impossible to defend him against such a murderous creature, while also endangering the health of the mother during the birth of the baby. I also couldn't get past the young boy who essentially grew up in this silent, dangerous world but acts like he was just dropped in from a happier time and place. And the nail... stair treads get hammered down from above, not up from underneath! Unbelievable. Equally unbelievable are some of these reviews. Totally fake. They all read very similar. Pretty sad. So many questions and so many illogical and nonsensical things in this movie. 
If the sound is so important and if the batteries for the toy are so important, why leave the batteries on a table next to the toy and leave the room, dear GOD!!! Of course a 3-year old doesn't know any better.
Why did earth get conquered by creatures whose weakness is high-frequency sounds and who can get killed by a shotgun blast to the head?
Why does dad think a mattress is enough a fortification for the basement and why are there freaking apples on a mattress xD?
Why did dad have to die screaming instead of, oh I don't know, throw his axe in a metal shack 5 feet away from him and silently walk away with his kids??
Why do they decide to have a baby in this hideous apocalypse, a baby that has to scream when it's born so all of you get killed instantly?
Why is there a nail stuck in the middle of the damned stairs?????Characters are so stereotypical and so forgettable it's painful. A good caring dad and a good caring mom, a rebellious teenage daughter and a coward younger son. Cinematography is nothing to write home about and the music in some places was unnecessary, pulling you away from the usually silent experience. 
Movie also additionally salts the wound by blatant jump scares.As I'm writing this the grade stands at 8,2, disgusting and unfathomable. Open your eyes people and use your brains. This is an appalinglly bad mystery thriller movie. Stupid beyond belief. Be very quiet (not to tell anyone you paid to see this crap) or be very stupid if you want to spend your money to go see this crap... or at least make sure you get paid by the studio like imdb's reviewers apparently do.Even the slightest sound will kill you so what would more sense than go scalping for food with a 5-year old? The answer here seems to be to make sure not to have a care in the world what the toddler is up to. Later on I the movie after Disaster Dad and Family have gotten the 5-year old killed, Disaster Mom and Dad decides to bring another newborn into the world... we never see this scene but it might have worked with a John Cleese cameo: "No sound, please. We're British."And then there's the transformation: Disaster Mom turns out to be everybody's favorite superheroine Miracle Mum. A big nail up your foot while about to give birth and being chased by a monster... not a sound, of course, and the birth giving is also done in complete silence, naturally! 
I say, anyone for tennis?In case you didn't notice it the first time around and if you should ever find yourself in a situation where you have to re-watch this movie, like in Hell's Waiting Room, notice how the monster - as it waddles down the stairs - is making more sound than Donald Duck singing Jingle Bells on a Christmas Morning without it affecting it in the slightest. It's a cool power to have, that... immune to one's own sound. Somewhere along the movie, probably in the middle around the 4 hour mark, I started thinking, if only they could find a nice place by a river where there would be plenty of fish and natural sounds, preferably near a waterfall that could muffle all human sounds... Dear God, it was so bad on so many levels... How about the writing on the wall. Q: "What is its weakness?" A: "Sound." Funny, that.Still, not zero but one star for being slightly under 9 hours long (it didn't feel like a minute more, at least not to me). Three out of three of us found this film b o r I n g and pretty
poor. A simple premise, alien creatures, looking very familiar ( which film set were they borrowed from ? ) hunt by sound, they cannot be heard if there is background noise I.e a river or waterfall. So why not live by the river and have a normal conversation ? But no ? Repetitive killings ensue. Why I ask myself would anyone get pregnant and produce a screaming baby, when you know certain death awaits you ? Really ? ( bad enough giving birth under normal circumstances ! ) 
Quite honestly, I am appalled at the low quality of films of late that are given good write ups by all the media. O
Another wasted evening, not to talk about the money, mercifully not too long ! 
Sticking to Sky Atlantic & Netflix for the time being. The precise is good, the acting is good, the writing is bad. There are many many major issues, but for me, the main one happened in first 10 minutes.All I have to say is: if you have 3 young kids and you walk in a straight line, who goes first and last. I could not watch it after. That did it for me. I always read imdb reviews and others before I go to a movie. I read about 20 reviews and everyone praised this movie as one of the best horror movies in a long time, it also had an 8.2 rating. Even though I was skeptical I decided to see it with my wife. So after sitting thru it for about 45 min. I was still waiting for this movie to "ramp up" as so many said it would. Well I guess all the reviews were done by people associated with the movie as the only reason it put me on the "edge of my seat" was because we were debating whether to leave or not. We didn't leave but we should have. This was about as pathetic a movie as you can get, horror or otherwise. Standard monsters that have been done many times before. Few if any scares. And the payoff, They figured out how to neutralize the monsters. Save your money, see something else, anything else! Believe me I'm not particularly picky when it comes to movies, I just want to be entertained and the Quiet place fell way way short of doing that. In a world which has become a quiet place, because the slightest sound you make attracts monster aliens to kill you, you must be very quiet and keep your mouth shut to survive. The characters in this film, however, were extremely annoying, making one stupid mistake after another. From the girl (Regan) who lets her little brother (Beau) have a battery-operated toy which, surprise, makes loud sounds when he starts playing with it, and surprise, he quickly gets caught and shredded to pieces by one of the monsters, to that same girl who is disobedient and headstrong, always getting into trouble, and butting heads with her father, to her brother (Marcus) who accidentally knocks over a kerosene lamp after losing a game of monopoly to his sister, to his mother, Evelyn, who, inexplicably is pregnant. How in the hell do you think you can have a baby in a quiet place? Child birth is very noisy, and babies cry and scream for weeks and months after they're born. Unless this family found a sound-proof booth somewhere, then they have no business in having a baby, which is tantamount to suicide for the whole family. In short, this film is annoying, boring, and predictable; a total waste of time and money. This film was a huge disappointment. My expectations were high based on the Rotten Tomato User scores, I do not pay much attention to the industry professional critics scores so I ignore the regular Rotten Tomato Score and the Metacritic equivalent. I usually go by the audience score instead.The movie has no backstory to tell us what happened. The story is completely illogical. It makes no sense why the characters do what they do. Why would Regan give her little brother a toy shuttle that makes noises when she took it away in the first place. I knew what would happen before Beau (the little boy) took the batteries back from the countertop.How did the Abbott's managed to cover so many trails with Sand?Why would Mrs. Evelyn Abbott get pregnant and put the entire family in jeopardy. Did they think through what would go on during labor? And where they under the impression they could command a newborn to be quiet upon demand?The film was not remotely suspenseful because their actions made it very clear what the consequences would be. The film was utterly predictable. Besides, most of the film is silent until a few seconds before an event is going to happen and then the soundtrack gives it away. Why are the characters consistently shushing each other throughout the movie? Haven't they all lived like that since the invasion? On jump scares, this film fails miserably. Here is the glaring problem I had with this film. They knew the creatures were sensitive to sound, then why not ambush the creatures and pick them off with guns. Here is an idea. Place loudspeakers on the nozzle of an Abrams M1 Tank's canon and have fun splattering alien juice all over the place.Forget about buying snacks to eat while watching the movie. I was able to hear the rear auditorium doors swing open and shut from the front row of a large theater. Munching on anything will irritate the people around you. Why is it that they have huge ears that can hear any little thing including the sound of a hearing aid but they can't hear heavy breathing when standing right next to a person? Or the footsteps of people running through the forest and a corn field? 
This movie is very boring and predictable.
Also WHY would you get pregnant when in an apocalyptic situation where you can't make any sound? Have the forethought to not even take the risk.
After they showed that the wife was pregnant, I couldn't get into the movie at all. It was just too unbelievable at that point. The pregnant during an apocalypse story line has been done too much. I went to see this film with big expectations due to the trailer and the reviews, however...A creature that hunts by sound is a great concept but for it to hear everything with all the other noises on the planet is ridiculous! The dad proved that with the waterfall and river noises earlier in the film - If that was the case I'd personally live under a waterfall or atleast next to it so I could have an actual conversation.You'd think the couple would also take "extra" precautions to avoid the possibility of having a newborn baby - especially with a creature that hunts by sound...You never find out what the creature is, where it come from and how it managed to roam about the place with its sassy attitude. The whole film was a disappointment with no real progression of the story, a part from the beginning of the film, the entire film takes place over a few days at most...The ending! The ending was ridiculous, killed by a hearing aids high pitched noise, to be then shot with a shotgun - alerting all the other creatures and then .... the end. Just like that. Dos:>Build a proper soundproof room
>Live near a loud noise
>Create a constant loud noise 
>Put thick carpet down
Don'ts:>Have a baby
>Leave loads of stuff everywhere on shelves and tables waiting to be knocked 
>Waste loads of electricity
>Have wooden floors in your house
>Leave your wife and baby in a clearly flooding basementThe aliens don't make any sense. How could they get to earth? How did they navigate? They make a clicking noise as if to be mapping with sonar yet they only respond to direct sounds. When they run towards sounds they would always be running into things. Doh tree, Doh truck, Doh wall... Doh stupid film.The way the kids are sinking into the grain doesn't make sense, its grain not quicksand.I was very conscious of my popcorn. Mildly Cool opening scene turns into boring drawn out thoughtless sloppy story. no backstory. No indication there is any reason THIS particular family should be the only survivors in town - nothing exceptionally creative going on and the climactic moment was cookie cutter copy paste from every B movie. Krasinski cant act. 
Blunt was obviously a step above the rest. 90 minutes into the movie and 13-14 yrs into the family and THATS when the wife demands the husband take care of them??Fake reviews. No excuse for this to be above a 6. 
And it only gets that for the production value and Blunts performance elevating the rest.Buy a large popcorn, nachos, and leave your phone ringer ON - give the audience some entertainment that way. Otherwise avoid shelling out money for this. Premise: Aliens who are blind but have an incredible sense of hearing have taken over earth and attack with lightning quickness if they hear you. First this movie gives very little in the way of exposition. We are told nothing of the alien invasion,how it went down, or how creatures who can't see have mastered interstellar travel. 
Second the movie seems like it was written in one afternoon at a coffee shop while the screen writer had any number of sci-fi movies playing in the background on their laptop. So little thought was put into the plot it feels like this was the project of a film school student.
Third the movie presents us with a family who have bland,prosaic characters that do little to make you care about them. Ok so first I noticed everyone even in bad reviews commended the acting. I disagree. John Krasinsky became well known for his highly expressive face on the Office. In this movie he has one wild eyed look and that's it. Emily Blunt has all the emotion of an eggplant. The children were mediocre but I'll give them a break because they are still learning and this movie didn't give them much to work with.
The alien creatures lacked any originality. Even down to the sounds they made. They are a cross between the rippers in Resident Evil,the titular creature in Aliens, and the arachnids in Starship Troopers. The sounds they made resembled the raptors in Jurassic Park so closely I was waiting for John Hammond to come out and say no expense spared. 
The movie's premise of the aliens being reliant on sound to hunt is ridiculous. If this is to be taken as true then we must assume there is no wildlife left yet we are shown birds and a raccoon. 
If you know anything about the animal world you know that the few species that use sound as a primary sense are low on the food chain and mainly prey on insects. 
Ok so we are expected to believe that in the course of 400 some days this family wouldn't figure out that a creature highly sensitive ears could be taken down with high frequency sound?? What are they spending their days doing? Oh right playing Monopoly and somehow growing a bumper crop of corn.
Other reviewers who are critical like myself have pointed out the obvious thoughts about what happens if you fart or snore at night or how the wooden floor of that old house is free of creaks and noises. 
I'd like to tackle the issue of the wife allowing herself to get pregnant in a world where a screaming infant would invite the aliens to come eat everyone. I just don't see a modern woman allowing pregnancy to happen when she already has two children to care for. And then there's her 5 minute long labor and delivery. That was such a load of crap on the part of the movie makers. No woman gives birth that fast without screaming her head off as a baby goes flying out of her body. As a woman I call shenanigans on that. 
But with all that being said let's address a very real issue. According to the two papers with info about the aliens written on them, there's a mere 3 of them in the area. THREE! There's no way I'm believing 3 aliens without sight couldn't be taken out swiftly with a bit of planning. Its ridiculous to try to get away with load of baloney. We have more guns and ammo in this country then people. I think 3 aliens could be handled.Long story short: this movie was a half hearted attempt at using silence as a tool for suspense. It had potential but the screenwriter(s) phoned it in. But I'm sure they'll be sequels. Every piece of crap gets a sequel or 2 these days. I'm looking forward to Cinema Sins (great Youtube channel that does the everything wrong with_ videos) ripping this movie apart. It's difficult to make a good film about aliens who kill everyone who makes a sound. So they didn't even try.Why did they decide to have a child knowing it would result in certain death?Why did the dad commit suicide? Could he not have just thrown a stick to make a noise?I found myself rooting for the aliens at the end.If you have an IQ similar to a sock, you will love this. So much potential, yet too many holes in this story. Slow, slow, boring start, and tried to get better and looked like the story would take off. WRONG!! First off, wouldn't you carry the shotgun everywhere you go? While traipsing through the dangerous woods, would you have your youngest, most vulnerable child lagging way behind, only to be scooped up by a beast? Forget the noisemaker the little tike turned on, alerting the beasts...what if the kid trips and blurts out a syllable? I'd be carrying my kid. Why string up an array of lights and security cameras? I thought all you had to do was sign all the time. 90 minutes into this saga and a teen has an "aha!" moment and hits upon the exact right decibel level, frequency, hertz or whatever and magically immobilizes the enemy? Hello?... were there scientists anywhere out there trying to figure out a remedy only to be out-thought by a 9th grader? Best cringe and scariest moment was of the 2 inch nail injury...not enough to save this movie. And the ending? Ok, now I see how the security cameras and shotgun come in handy. But, too late...this is 90-something minute movie ONLY and it's simply time for it to abruptly end. I cannot understand how this movie gets rave reviews. Sad, sad ending. Had its moments, but mere moments don't make a good movie. Just saw this movie. Based on the reviews of the so called critics I thought I was in for a good movie night. I honestly can not comprehend how a flawed movie gets such positive reviews like this unless there is money to be made by false reviews...(o..wait) E.g there's this critic Amir Siregar from 411Celeb who gives it a 4* rating on this site but a 5* rating at his other review site amiratthemovies. Where is the integrity? There is money involved somehow, unfortunately it is from us, the people who go to the cinema at 15$ a ticket to be entertained. Instead you leave (probably earlier) with a feeling like WTF happened here? IMBD should be banned in my opinion. It is impossible to like all the movies you see but there should be at least a mid range of scores as well, instead of bottom and peak scores. 
This smells fishy to say the least.IMBD shame shame shame These reviews must have been written by bots, because everyone I know hated this movie. No character development; no plot; stupid story line. We are to believe that a four member family can live for over a year without speaking, belching, farting, coughing, or sneezing! Gimme a break! Multiple simple logical holes in the plot are big enough to drive 18 wheelers through. Direct ripoff scenes from many previous horror/sci-fi flicks. Not even scary, just irritating. Please do not go to this movie...it will only encourage Hollywood to offer more crap like this. For me its a super stupid movie. I mean.. making baby in this kind of situation? Are you an animal or human? Dont you have brain? I'm convinced that Hollywood is stuffing these reviews. This movie is horrible. Everyone's barefoot, walking in sand. Think about it, tennis shoes make no noise and you wouldn't need to put down millions of tons of sand. Second, the movie list day 472. So how did all the acres of corn get planted during the year, by hand? Anyone with half of brain would build a sound proof room. Finally, I think humans could have easily outsmarted the creatures and killed them. I WALK OUT OF THE MOVIE IT WAS SO BAD. The movie is definitely not scary, and starts slow with a predictable ending. The creature in this film is a generic Demagorgin from Stranger Things. I can't think of anything I liked about this movie. Why have a child when you're going to get hunted by a creature if you make noise? 