It has become ritual for me to read the novel "It" once a year every year since it was released in 1986. The story is more than a gore-fest, it's a story about love and hope and friendship that is still meaningful to me to this day.The only thing this movie has in common with the beloved book, is its name and the characters names. IT is a literal disaster and a slap in the face to anyone who actually read and cherishes the book. There are NO character backstories, nor character development at all. You are literally thrust into the movie expecting to know everything about everyone and why they are the way they are. IE: Henry Bowers and why he hates the "Losers Club" - He LITERALLY starts the movie trying to kill them. This is sad, because a large portion of the novel was meticulously spent doing quite the opposite and made you relate to and fall in love with the characters.Editing? What editing? This is the worst edited movie I've ever seen in my life and I've seen a lot in 41 years. It was literally like the film makers shot 100 scenes, put the film in a hat, and took out said scenes and spliced them together at total random. I can't describe it any other way than saying, at one point, one of the characters (I can't tell who, because they all share the EXACT same personality) says, "I banged your mom last night", or something similar, and before the audience can even react, the scene changes to a jump scare happening in ANOTHER PART OF TOWN INSTANTLY and with no rhyme or reason. You don't have time to laugh at jokes, because they aren't funny (unlike Stephen King's jokes in the book) - and you don't have time to be scared, because you're still trying to process the dick joke that was still being told when the scene abruptly ended.While the filming location for the town of Derry was suitable, having the movie take place in the 1980's instead of the 1950's JUST TO APPEASE the "Stranger Things" crowd was simply a terrible decision. The 1950's were a totally different time, and much of the characters' reasoning and mannerisms that you need to make this movie work are lost to a time and cultural difference. These guys call themselves "THE LOSERS SQUAD" in this movie for god's sake! Kids didn't start calling themselves a "squad" until the 1980's (IE "The Monster Squad) So, you love the book like me and are still reading? Thank you! Now let me list just SOME things that we both LOVE about the book that you will NOT find anywhere in this movie: The Deadlights, The Ritual of CHUD, The Mummy and the bridge, The Loser's Club Dam in the Barrens, the moving picture book (now its a slide machine), The Smokehouse, "This is battery acid", The Werewolf, Making the silver bullet after a game of monopoly, The stand pipe, Bower's hair turning white, "beep beep Richie", the giant bird, the 50's racism against Mike (actually Mike Hanlon himself is missing. The writers just made arguably the most important character an afterthought in this movie), character backstories, "Hi Ho Silver-AWAY!", Haystack... I could go on and on and on.With god awful editing, absolutely no character backstories, cheap teen jump scares, not being faithful to the book, and too much CGI usage: Simply put - if you want to know how this movie is like the book, read the first 10 pages of "IT", and burn the other 1077 pages because that is exactly what the screenwriter and director did to this failed abortion. There just isn't the heart that was there in the mini series. In my opinion. The actors were fine, but the story wasn't there. I believe there is to be a next installment covering the (now) grown ups. I'll probably watch it - if I've nothing better to do. It's simply not Steven King's "IT'. ALso,they appear to have recycled the CGI lady from ' Mama' at one point : can't find it now, but look out for it. "Beep,beep, Richie" appears once, so far as I can tell - a long way into the film. Against all odds, I looked forward to this. But it's another turkey. Steven King tells great stories - why do the Hollywood mob insist on killing them? I truly think this was dreadful and not a patch on the original. I hope to goodness they don't remake The Stand.' What is this? Horror for kids? This movie convinces me that the world has gone mad. This is entertainment for what age groups exactly? If its for adults, why is there so much childish humour and dialogue appealing to the sensibilities of an age group that should not be watching this level of blood, guts and graphic murder? The story line is directed towards a certain mentality, which is not of appeal to adults, at least not mature adults. Why on earth is this so popular? It failed to scare me on so many levels that I found myself imagining better scenes. How is it acceptable that kids of 12 years old were in the audience, looking at images of even younger children in the movie having their arm torn from their body, a man with a knife right in his throat? What the hell?! As soon as it was revealed that all the horrors were their imaginations, it was a pointless exercise. What happened to all the kids that were floating down at the end? Where was the main characters brother at the end? Wait for the next episode? No thanks. I would have enjoyed a psychological horror, but gore is not what I was expecting. Shows a lack of imagination by the director that he had to resort to this level of candy coated perversity. What a shame. Wow, I honestly can't believe these reviews. I made an IMDb account just to write a review. I love the original and have seen it many times. This movie was horrible! I feel insulted by the directors. It wasn't scary at all. Any potential "scary" scene was downplayed by jokes so forcefully inserted into the script. There are multiple, major holes in the story line as well. Hole 1: the group of bullies never once said anything about their buddy missing.Hole 2: the girl is pulled down from "floating" and brought back to life. Doesn't that mean that the hundreds of kids that come down from floating at the end come back to life too? Or do their rotting corpses fill up the sewers for 27 years? Does Georgie come back to life too?Hole 3: the girl can't decide which boy she loves. She took the poem from the pudgy kids room (I have to assume because she randomly ends up with it in her bedroom) but then she thinks that Bill wrote the poem somehow. The pudgy kid kisses her, bringing her back to life (true love brings back the dead girl like Princess & the Frog or something) but she winds up with Bill. Every cheesy, horror film jump scene was witnessed in this film. The acting was good, but I can't see how this is touted as a horror film. I felt like I was watching a Disney movie by the end of it. Nothing. This was a staggeringly ham-fisted approach to either King's novel or the miniseries based on it. It missed the point utterly... You will not see a group of children whose shared bond enables them to overcome a monster. You will see a load of bickering kids who seem to barely tolerate each other come together briefly to rescue the kidnapped object of their pre-teen lust. You will not see an intelligently-written story. You will see a dumbed-down, by-the-numbers screenplay, complete with the usual beats, Crisis of Faith, Catharsis, and all. You will not see belief overpowering evil. You will see a ten-minute fight scene where every kid tries to out-cool every other kid and get off a Schwarzeneggerian one-liner.This movie is garbage. I can't express it more eloquently than that. I'll start this review by addressing that I had no expectation for the movie. I am not a fan of the horror genre as it usually lacks the thought provoking aspects I look forward to in film, but the reviews were great and I thought I'd give it a shot.The films antagonist is a demon-clown, who can shape-shift and move through space in an instant as demonstrated during the film. IT abducts, kills and eats children, but can only do so if they are experiencing fear. In the finale fight scene of the movie Pennywise is unable to kill and eat Beverly because she is not afraid of IT but at the start of the movie he kills Georgie after having a 5 minutes conversation with him where they laugh and mingle, Georgie even reaches towards IT to grab his boat - Would he really be so scared of IT at that point or was Beverly so not scared of an actual demon holding her up by the neck?The films plot surrounds around a bunch of disasters that the kids find out seem to happen every 27 years. this information is found out by a 13 year old kid named Ben, and he figured this out by reading some articles in a library. So this entire town of people has not been able to figure this out? And he informs the rest of the gang that in Derry there are substantially more children going missing than anywhere else in the US - If that is the case who is doing the abducting of children when Pennywise is on ITs break?All of the disasters have happened near sewage drains, that's how the kids are able to figure out where IT lives, but at one point of the movie how was Pennywise able to appear in places that have no actual relation to the sewage? Pennywise appears and disappears in Bills garage and basement, Beverlys bathroom, in a building where Mikes parents died and in Stanleys dads office. If IT can appear anywhere why does he choose to murder and abduct near the drain if ITs only purpose is to feed upon the children as demonstrated in the final act of the film, he is willing to make a deal with the gang to keep Bill and let the rest of the children go as after eating Bill he would start his 27 year break again. Why would a killer demon clown not be willing to let these kids go anyways and just hunt the other kids in town to feed as these kids are obviously trying to kill him?Pennywise seems to have unfathomable power as in a scene IT is using hair from Beverlys sink to grab and pull her but in the final scene IT is having a fist fight with a bunch of children, couldn't IT control some sort of object found in the sewer instead to do the same? Why is IT choosing to not use ITs full power against people who are fighting back but use such powerful methods when just trying to scare somebody?The movie is riddled with cliche's about the bully having a really strict father, the plot point that the only way they can defeat the evil all-powerful shape-shifting demigod of a clown is to stick together and get over their fears! and of course the scene where the boys find Beverly levitating in mid-air while she is in a complete state of trance - a coma, and what brings her out of this is a kiss on the lips from one of the boys. before the movie ends Beverly is talking about this moment saying "It was like being dead" but when she comes out of her coma she without taking a breath starts quoting the poem one of the boys had sent her.The movie takes place during the three months of summer and ends with the start of September where the kids still look bruised and battered from their fight. So it's safe to assume it must have been like a week since it happened. What were the kids doing the rest of the summer as they started seeing the clown as soon as school was out? Were they just having terrifying hallucinations of a killer clown and then enjoying the rest of their summer at the beach before going out and hunting it down? The times-pan of events in the movie don't seem to reflect the time it actually took to accomplish them.This is the first time I have ever considered walking out of the cinema during a movie. *Spoliers*Honestly I was really excited about this movie, like really excited. I watched the original IT this morning to get ready for it and have some reference. And it was absolutely terrible. Seriously, TERRIBLE. Not only did I want to walk out the second Pennywise was shown in the beginning but the rest was torture. I was with other people so I couldn't walk out. Here's the thing, this is the first time I've ever been so disappointed with a movie that I went out of my way to write a review about it. The clown was not scary in the slightest. The teeth were stupid. The acting was a joke. The kids made a ton of terrible and sexual jokes. It didn't stick to the original movie whatsoever. They took the "you'll float too" a little too seriously. It just plain sucked. In the original, the kids were innocent and actually dorks but this was pathetic the way the kids were talking. And why the hell did we watch them in their underwear?!? I still keep wondering how the hell this movie is rated above an 8 when it should be a disappointment for anyone who knows what a good movie is. This was so much CGI that it took away from the whole movie. I could keep going but I think I've made my point. I wouldn't waste your time or money. Watch the trailer and that's as good as it gets. Ugh. If you've ever seen the original, and you have even the slightest modicum of respect for originality, story telling and artistic integrity, this movie should infuriate you. Firstly, it isn't really a movie. There is no story. It's basically just a 2 hour collection of different sorts of scares. The brilliance with the original was that it was a story of kids torn apart by a traumatic event, and then brought back together as adults to face their fears and avenge their friend. Great story. But this version was essentially a haunted house on the screen. They abandoned the kid to adult story and just focused on a group of kids getting scared. There was way too much "comedy" being sprinkled throughout. You know, the lame kind where the characters make some unoriginal comment and everyone in the movie theater bursts out laughing like Dave Chappelle just hit his stride on stage. And the random love stories among the kids that didn't matter or further any narrative. I could write a 10,000 word essay going into the depths of all that is wrong with this movie so I'll stop. The worst of all is watching all of America fall in love with this. It makes me feel like a cynical jerk, but I think really it's just a clear sign of the dumbing down of people on this earth. No one respects or cares about great storytelling anymore. Just give them cheap pop-up scares and they will be happy. It really is sad. This movie is horrible. And not in the "It's a good horror movie" sense either. There is no coherent story to be seen here, no pacing, no exposition. There is literally *no* character development.How am I supposed to care for characters that I never get to know? I didn't care what happened to them. The black kid, the fat kid and the girl just kinda join the group. There is no development of the friendship or any kind of emotional bond. *boom* and they're friends. There is no story. It's one jump scare after another interlaced with a "story". I put that in quotes because after the story segments we're often left more confused than before. Now to the "horror". This wasn't scary. Not even remotely. There was this one dude in the cinema that jumped at every "scary" scene, but he was hardly someone that could be considered a normal person. The effects are mostly done with CGI and are HORRIBLE. They're so bad they border on the point of COMEDIC and yes, I did laugh out loud several times during the movie. Most of the scares are either done with loud music and fast sudden movement to startle you or "scary" disfigured corpses that look like wax dolls made in a kindergarten class.That's all it is. Jump scares and awful story. There is nothing scary about this movie. Nothing interesting or noteworthy. The only reason it's got such a high grade on IMDb is because of the fanboys inflating the rating. It'll drop soon enough.DON'T be suckered in. Don't go watch this movie. It's a waste of money and above all your precious time. I WANT MY TWO HOURS BACK! I went to an advanced screening after spending the last two weeks pummeling through the book. Contrary to what some reviewers are saying, this is not at all close to the book (but that really isn't my main reason for not being crazy about it). I realize there were some time constraints but this felt like there was basically nothing explained about the main character's backgrounds, relationships, nor their motivations (specifically Henry Bowers as the bully for hating them SO much is just assumed to be "because he's a bully"?). At times I was confusing Eddie, Richie, and Stan because there was little definable about them besides Stan wearing a yarmulke to identify him as Jewish, and Richie wearing glasses - it felt like these physical attributes were necessary because nothing distinguished their personalities. Pennywise was cast very well and I loved his voice and overall creepiness, but it couldn't make up for the fact that every time he and the main character's met it felt like a "Tom and Jerry" routine. They encounter him, he bumbles it or they do something random, and he runs off. Overall I just left feeling like there was so much that could have been expanded (both story and character-wise) given the 135 minute running time. I wasn't a huge fan of the 1990 TV miniseries (probably since it was 20 years after it came out that I first saw it) but it was more accurate and explained the relationships more than this movie. I just feel like I would have liked this more if it was maybe called something else. As it is, this is not a movie version of the book 'It', but a totally different story using the same character's names. To summarize my up coming review I'll start by saying "I really did not like this movie" The movie IT is "in simple terms" about the struggles and fear youth face when they being to come of age. In my eyes this movies success came solely from good marketing, because the movie's true foundation is filled with: poor acting, shotty scrips and really unthoughtful horror. To me the movie IT is only a 3 out of 10 star movie, making it a strong "below meh" 😕 Like always the only way to find out the quality of a movie is to go out and see it for yourself. Enjoy! (if you can lol) There is no possible way that anyone could seriously rate this movie even close to the scores on this site. This movie is the first movie I have walked out of in 10 years. I am a huge fan of this genre and this to me was the ultimate disappointment. I actually cringed at a lot of the "horror scenes", very very lame.At 45 minutes in I had to check my ticket to see how much longer I would have to endure the pain. After realising how much longer I had to go, a swift exit took place. I hope you read this review before wasting your time and money. One of those films where i wished i hadn't employed optimism - so often beaten down by the constant rewrites of classic TV/movies by Hollywood who have run out of original ideas and seek to ruin classics - because it was terrible.Now i have nothing against any of the the actors, but they weren't given much to work with, because the director seemed to have been more concerned with confusing overly dark visuals and really badly shot camera work and having a visual wankfest that was again overly dark in most scenes and visually confusing. It was dire. Then there was the story, can i reuse the confusing and add appalling. I guess for anyone who hasn't seen the mini series, which even Steven King liked (which doesn't happen to 99% of his works converted into movies/TV), it was a confusing mushing together of an expansive story, and was REALLY badly done...ruinous. It was basically like someone got the story and then held down the fast forward button and as a bonus threw chunks out as they sped by....just inexcusable, but i guess some people like a quick cash injection to their pockets Stop ruining already well done movies and TV Hollywood, you're just reinforcing the view of so many that you're devoid of any original ideas, and seem hell bent on extracting cash for people for things that already stood well while ruining them...Wished id never seen It I felt obligated to write a review, due to not just a slight difference between the movie rating and the actual experience our whole theater room was having. It really felt like cheap and intimidatingly boring movie that can not be compared to any good horror film. Me and my group of friends were really close to actually leaving the room, there was constant laugh about the predictability and cliché moments. The whole time was happening so much but still nothing actually happened. And I wouldn't call it scary but disgusting. There was no actual built tension but just one big WTF. The kids were fun at some moments of the movie, and the story definitely has a good ground but it was terribly adapted into the movie. I cant remember the movie thag annoyed me as at this one even though I consider myself patient and open about different kinds of movies. After watching this last night they should never have made the remake for this & no idea who is reviewing this over a 8 as they must be blind.Terrible terrible terrible terrible film.Thought it was a comedy more than a horror . Did not enjoy it at all. Pennywise was a donut in it. Should have been more killing in it. Absolutely boiling 😡. I grew up watching the first movie and it's always been one of my all time favorites. I know this is a retelling of the original but it's always a mistake to make changes simply to make changes. The excess profane language isn't needed, the look of Pennywise is horrible compared to Tim Curry's portrayal, it just never seemed to make any sense. Twenty minutes in, I started looking at my watch waiting for it to be over. I understand that some people like remakes but this is a textbook example of Hollywood not having any new ideas and instead screwing with the classics we grew up with. The movie in nothing like the book or the old version from 1990. Really disappointed.I was expecting this movie from months and i so it yesterday. I was disappointed from the start. As a big fan of Steven King's work i expected to see a really good remake of the 1990 movie, which was not only chronological accurate by the book , but include all the key moments.The new version is a massive chaos. And on top of everything the year is not correct. Originally everything happens in 1957-1958 , not in 1989 like in the new version. I haven't read the book. I haven't seen the original and I now wish I hadn't wasted my time and money by watching this movie either.As far as I could tell, this movie is aimed at kids and I actually found myself yawning all the way through. It just didn't work in any way whatsoever. The back story of why and how Pennywise came to be and why he does what he does isn't properly explained. In fact instead of a discernible story being told there's just a string of jump scenes separated by a few dialogues thrown in here and there.The only time I jumped in shock is when I added up the cost of the evening.'IT' is a floater. A very bad movie, very stupid, waste of time to watch this trash I walked out. When the clown's terrifying, and the kid's talking to him anyway -- in a sewer, no less -- what do you think's going to happen? Oddly, there's no tension, and with the unconvincing CGI effects (the kid's arm torn off and the rain pouring down) it's like you're supposed to sit there passively and watch a summary of the story go by. Is the kid stupid? Is he scared ... even a little? It all seems so predetermined, like they're so intimidated by King's novel they just gave up and run you through a "best of" summary of scenes, and hope it'll stick.I read the book when I was 14, the first hardcover I ever got (as a Christmas present) and it took me all of Christmas break to read before I went back to school (which is how I knew I could get through "War and Peace" in a week's time when I was in college -- that experience came in handy!). Someone calling it "the Moby-Dick of horror novels" on the new tie-in edition is apt, I think. It really goes go all over the place, and takes that long, and takes that much, to put across the story. One of the things I always resented about the TV mini-series version (which I didn't bother checking out) is that the "IT" thing is unnameable, and only takes a clown form as a convenience -- it's fully explicated, and crucial. Once you harp on the clown, forget it. i don't know who are the ones reviewing this film as great, such a hopeless movie, wasted 150 minutes which i could have used to read some dermatology and family medicine. don't waste your precious time on this nonsensical supernatural horror. there are so many other good horror movies better than this. but really it amazes me as to which Americans have voted 8.5 on IMDb for this worthless movie and as to who are sponsoring the ads on TV??????? This movie was absolutely ridiculous! They took a story about how true friendship and love can overcome pure evil and turned it into a pandering collection of Stranger Things/80s style themed scenes. This movie isn't scary, it's just laughable. Where are the Dead Lights? Where's Hi-ho Silver? Where's the battery acid? Instead we get Richies NON STOP swearing (F this, F that, F you, F me), jokes about period blood and Pennywise actually trying to negotiate his way out at the end of the movie! I've read some of reviews and I can't believe someone would describe this movie as interesting, exciting or anything positive. Kids are quite annoying and are using forced humour that I didn't find funny at all. The worst part is that there is no story at all, just some random wannabe scary events that aren't connected. I've been a child not long ago and I remember what movies I considered as good, so even if this movie was supposed to be for children I think it failed in that area also. My advice: don't waste 2 hours of your life watching this. I make this one short: it's the first time I use this phrase but seriously, if I could give minus-stars, I would in this case! What was that? It has nothing, and I mean NO THING to do with the book and even less with the wonderful original movie of the 90s.
Actors - bad and unconvincing, locations - bad, violence - grotesque, graphic level, clown - ridiculous! nothing of the really scary Tim Curry clown who worked with expression, voice, psychological fear, no, here we have ever screaming kids, (and not for a second did I believe these were kids of the 80s, I am an 80s kids, and it was all just off, the haircuts were just not really like they were etc. and these kids had a way of talking, no one used back in the 80s), oh, and a totally overanimated clown-thing. Storyline - none, plotholes - lots! I could go on for ages, I just can say I have not seen such total tosh in years, an insult to any viewer with half a braincell left. None of about horror!
Maybe it's horror, but just kid's level.
So disappointed. 