This is probably the most overrated movie of all times. I'm not a huge horror fan and I get scared very easily, but this movie actually made me laugh or sigh in despair about the lengthiness of the scenes and the predictability of the plot. I read the novel when I was a teen and it beat the crap out of me, I still am afraid of bath tubs in hotel rooms (embarrassing but true). The novel is an all time favourite of me and when I read all the great reviews about Kubick's Shining I was really looking forward to see the movie. What a mistake. For all lovers of the book, this is not a book adaptation, Kubick made his own story...unfortunately. Not only does Dick Hallorann get murdered by Jack - the fact he survives in the novel was one of the reasons I loved the book so much, it has after all somewhat of a happy ending -, but even worse, Kubick turned the whole story around and twisted it to an extend where the original plot is hard to recognize. Jack Torrance is very obviously a mad man right from the beginning who very openly hates his wife and kid, so as others have pointed out before, why didn't he leave his family or killed them before. The whole point of the novel, the normal guy and loving father with a hang to alcohol who gradually gets brainwashed by appearances in the hotel, gets totally lost. One might wonder why the movie even needs the whole hotel plot if Torrance is already mad as a hatter from the very beginning. Apart from this, I guess, had I not read the novel I would probably not understand one bit of what was going on with the characters. But unfortunately that's not all. Also the performances of Nicholson and Duvall were so lousy, it really crept me out. I've never seen Jack Nicholson perform so badly, he seemed like a parody of himself and don't get me started on Shelley Duvall. Periodically I thought I watched some amateur actor in a school play. Her adaptation of Wendy Torrance was so annoying I was staggered between the wish of seeing her chopped to pieces and the wish to see her survive and protect her little boy. The character Wendy in the novel is a strong, resourceful person, the Wendy in the movie is a whiny, weak, and extremely stupid person. The fact that she lays down and sleeps while she is trapped with her 'sick' son and a mad man in a hotel with no contact to the outside world is beneath me. The ending is probably the worst part of the entire movie, on the one hand it's ecstasy as the film draws to an end on the other hand it is as far from the original plot as can be which in this case is an extremely bad thing. The only actor that impressed me was Danny Lloyd, apart from the fact that Kubick partly tried to turn him into a parody of Regan MacNeil I think he did a fantastic job for the little six year old boy he was to that time. He seemed like the only natural actor on the scene. All in all this movie was by far the biggest disappointment I've seen for a long time. Save your time, better read the book. I shall never, ever be able to understand the phenomenon known as Stanley Kubrick. When he was on, as with DR STRANGELOVE, he was brilliant. But when he was bad, he was awful.I saw THE SHINING in its first release in a packed movie house in New York City. I had read and loved Stephen King's novel; I am widely read in the horror genre and do not scare easily, but that book gave me the creeps for weeks.Well for all the people who have been raving what a masterpiece this film is, I can only tell you this. The crowd in the theatre started giggling the minute Jack Nicholson appeared on film, and by the time he chased Shelley Duvall up the stairs, the whole crowd was literally in stitches. And I was laughing right along with them. Maybe New York audiences are just jaded; I don't know.Not that this movie does not have some scary moments. Shelley Duvall is rather good when she is away from Nicholson and it starts to dawn on her that something evil is taking over her family and her life. Unfortunately, Miss Duvall plays Wendy Torrance, a strong, intelligent, and resourceful woman in the novel, as a pathetic, whiny ninny most of the time, and by the time Nicholson had her trapped in the bathroom, I am sure plenty of us were screaming for her head. It must be said that this is not the fault of Miss Duvall, a talented and intelligent actress who according to reports fought bitterly with Kubrick over his interpretation of Wendy.The kid talking to his finger is another idiotic and unintentionally hilarious bit of business that was not in the original novel. Why Kubrick thought this was a good idea is beyond me.But let's get down to the real problem: Jack Nicholson. In the right role, he can be very good, though he has never been among my top ten. Jack Torrance is totally the wrong role for him; for one thing, he does not look ordinary enough. But the worst thing is that Stephen King's story was about a man being SLOWLY AND INEXORABLY driven out of his mind. Nicholson goes nuts so early in the film that there is literally nowhere for him to take the character. And Kubrick was either in awe of Nicholson, who was still riding the post-Oscar high from CUCKOO'S NEST, or he just didn't care, or he thought it was scary when it was actually funny. I don't know.As if all this were not bad enough, the whole mess drags on for two hours and twenty-two minutes; this movie practically cries out for a pair of scissors.Some people will feel that I have spat on an icon, I suppose, and they have that right. But Stephen King himself was not happy with this film, and when he finally got the opportunity to re-do it as a television miniseries in 1997, the results were much better. For the one thing that is missing in Kubrick's version is a heart.Anne Rivers Siddons, in discussing her excellent horror novel THE HOUSE NEXT DOOR, writes that the thing about horror is that it smashes people and relationships. Thus the best horror stories are at bottom also very sad (Brian De Palma's CARRIE gets this; Kubrick's film does not). And whatever your feelings about the miniseries format may be, the Torrance family created in 1997 were people you could care about. Director Mick Garris understands King better than Kubrick did, and Rebecca De Mornay, in particular, redeems the Wendy character in a spectacular tour-de-force towards the end. In 1980 the Torrances were figures of fun. Rather like the barbaric Victorian custom of laughing at the lunatics in Bedlam.Awful, awful, awful. How this film gained such high praise and notoriety completely escapes me. I have seen hundreds of films, and this is easily the most incoherent, bland, and lifeless piece of work I can recall seeing (especailly by such a renowned filmmaker). And yes, I hated "2001: A Space Odyssey" as well. Long, drawn-out, boring, lifeless film packed full of irrelevant imagery and symbolism that amounts to a filmmaker who doesn't know how to tell an intelligent story with solid characters and emotions. That is the same exact problem here.First off, Shelley DuVall added nothing of value to the film. She was blah from beginning to end. No endearing qualities whatsoever. The whole film was a failed experiment thinking that random creepy, irrelevant images coupled with an incoherent story progression devoid of any character arcs would be successful. Kubrick had no sense of scene transitions. He shows no ability to allow one scene to flow into another, to give it fluidity or convey that he has an overall, consistent vision. The inconsistency over what aspect ratio he intended for it is further proof that he had no concrete vision, in my honest opinion. A solid, competent, talented director knows what they want, and are very confident in their visions. They have a very clear idea of how they want things viewed by every audience, everywhere. That's why directors and DPs hate it when their films are put into the pan-and-scan format. Kubrick also fails to have his DP shoot or light 98% of the scenes intriguingly. Watching this, it was like watching an old TV-movie - dull, uninspired, and lifeless. Yeah, the steadi-cams and dolly shots are all impressive, but sometimes, scenes seem to exist just to show off the cool camera moves they can do. Scenes which contribute absolutely nothing to the overall film, in any aspect. Being a filmmaker myself, I am of the belief that every scene should have a purpose to either the plot or characters of the film. Anything else is a waste. And beyond those steadi-cam and dolly shots, it's essentially bland for nearly the entire film. Almost zero interesting angles, and amateurish editing skills. Yawn inducing cinema.Good story progression would show Jack Torrance starting out as a well adjusted, happy family man that gradually descends into complete psychosis and homicidal mania. Instead, Kubrick shows him as already a man dissatisfied with his life, marriage, son, and career. Then, Kubrick just flashes a title card on the screen saying 'One Month Later,' and Jack is already deteriorated towards the verge of madness. That's shoddy storytelling, and a hack's idea of executing a character arc. No cause is given to why he becomes a homicidal maniac. There's also no correlation between all the surreal, nightmarish imagery. It's completely random, and doesn't evolve into revealing a story behind its origins. All this surrealism is just an excuse for it to be labeled 'horror' as it doesn't serve an underlying purpose as to why anything is happening amongst the characters. They don't confront, deal, or resolve the reasons or purpose behind it all. It's just there to make the film bizarre.Now, I don't mind methodically paced films as long as there's a purpose to it all. Any talented editor could make this a much more effective film by chopping a good 35 minutes or more out of it. Horror films require momentum to equal good pacing, and good pacing is necessary for solid tension. Still, even if there was tension and good pacing, fact is, really, there are no endearing characters in this film for me to build any sympathy for. I don't care what happens to them because they're one dimensional, emotionless, weak-willed people. How this family could even co-exist for five minutes is beyond me, let alone how they survived a more than three hour drive up to the hotel in the first place.This film is almost complete trash because it shows the filmmakers have no intelligence or coherence for the movie they were attempting to make. There are enormously better conceived and executed films from this time that proved far more effective. If you want isolation and paranoia, check out "John Carpenter's The Thing." If you want surrealism, go rent Don Coscarelli's original "Phantasm." Rarely have I seen a masterpiece of literature turned into a pile of horse manure...PROBLEMS:(SPOILERS)1.JACK NICHOLSON= Hugely miscast.The descent into madness is supposed to be gradual. This Jack looked like he was already going to murder his family.2.SCRIPT=Although the names and basic plot are in place(guy goes loopey in hotel) a lot of the scenes in the film I could not remember reading(eg two girls,blood in lift). Why did Kubrick drift from the book? Mostly, he didn't drift in A Clockwork Orange, so why here?Plus, the characters were one dimensional cardboard cut-outs, so how could I pity them?3.SHELLY DUVALL=Deserved to die, she was that annoying. The Wendy in the book is strong willed and not a pathetic loser. The reason they went to the Overlook was to save their marriage.4.ENDING=Jack did not freeze to death in the snow. In the book, it showed that Jack was still human enough to recognise his love for his son. The ''frozen'' scene here left me with a feeling of disgust that the pinnicale of the book had been replaced for a cheap shock.WATCH THE TV SERIES INSTEAD BUT READ THE BOOK FIRST. I never did understand the appeal of this terrible movie. Mind you, I could probably say the same about most movies directed by Stanley Kubrick. He is one of those directors who produces very long, boring movies that move at a snail's pace and are really difficult to withstand for more than a few minutes at a time. Movies such as 2001: A SPACE ODYESSY, DR. STRANGELOVE and SPARTACUS are examples of this kind of movie.As many other commenters have pointed out, Stephen King didn't like this movie because it was not faithful to the book. In fact he hates it so much that 15 years or so after, he made his own movie entitled STEPHEN KING'S THE SHINING. I've never seen the other version. But anything with his name attached is normally worth watching so I'll at least make the effort to track it down. It really couldn't be any worse than this tripe churned out by Stanley Kubrick.I've heard THE SHINING being referred to as "scary", "terrifying", "masterpiece", "classic", "thrilling", "horrifying" and so on. Yeah right! This movie does not even come close to producing anything equating to those words. The only horrifying thing about it is how it became so popular.Where can I start with the problems of this movie? Let's start with Jack Nicholson. I thought Jack Nicholson was great as The Joker in Tim Burton's BATMAN, but in this he doesn't even seem to be acting. He plays a character who is supposed to become insane as the story progresses. Yet it is very clear from Jack's first scenes that his character has already "got a few screws loose". And that stupid "Here's Johnny!" line. Was it supposed to be scary? Funny? What? Who knows? It was just downright stupid as far as I'm concerned. Yeah I know it was a reference to Johnny Carson, but what's Johnny Carson got to do with this movie? The answer: absolutely nothing at all.And Shelley Duvall. What can I say about her? She looks like Olive Oyl from the POPEYE cartoons. How ridiculous! Somehow the viewer is expected to believe that her character and Jack are married with a kid. Yeah right! There is no chemistry between the two actors at all.Finally, Scatman Crothers. I have great respect for this actor. He appeared in TWILIGHT ZONE: THE MOVIE and it was one of the very dull segments. Yet his superb performance gave it credibility and the story touched upon my emotions. In THE SHINING, however, Mr. Crothers is there just to be killed and I don't suppose he was bothered about his character being killed off considering how lame the movie is. It was probably just a paycheck used to pay off a few debts. And the ridiculous thing is that the character in question never dies in the book.I honestly can't believe that people think this movie is better than classics such as THE EXORCIST, THE OMEN and THE Texas CHAIN SAW MASSACRE. But yet this movie has a higher IMDb rating and is sitting very comfortably on the top 250 chart. Nonetheless, that won't alter the fact that the three mentioned movies put THE SHINING to shame any day.Stephen King's SALEM'S LOT was infinitely superior to this movie. Personally I think the director of that movie, Tobe Hooper, should have been asked to direct THE SHINING. We would have had an infinitely superior movie. Trust me. I've seen plenty of Mr. Hooper's movies and he very rarely fails to disappoint. THE FUNHOUSE was a low point of Mr. Hooper's career but even that movie looks like Oscar-worthy material compared to THE SHINING.Overall, I would not recommend this at all. I've not seen STEPHEN KING'S THE SHINING, so I can't really recommend it just yet. But, I would recommend checking out some proper horror movies such as SALEM'S LOT, PSYCHO, THE EXORCIST, THE OMEN, THE Texas CHAIN SAW MASSACRE just to name a few. I am dismayed at the overwhelming positive response to this garbage of a movie. The only explanation I can come up with is the responses are affected by what I can the "Genius Effect" and time. The Genius Effect (which I'm sure someone else probably has coined - but if not, I'll take credit!) would dictate that if the filmmaker is a genius, then the film is a work of genius and must be excellent. Since I don't consider Kubrick a genius, I don't think all he had done was great. Some of it was OK, probably the best was FULL METAL JACKET, but I digress. I do think this point has some merit because reviews of Eyes Wide Shut were very good and, very recently, it was revealed that Kubrick himself thought it was bad (see Guardian Unlimited Film, http://film.guardian.co.uk/news/story/0,,1888077,00.html).The other effect, time, is more of what I remember people saying when the movie first came out. There were many comments that it shouldn't be considered a horror film but rather a comedy because audiences were laughing more than screaming (and not just at the funny moments, i.e. "Here's Johnny!"). It seems audiences are more kind as time goes by, or at least in this case anyway.The "acting" in this film is absolutely atrocious, especially that of Shelley Duvall, which one IMDb user stated "is very naturalistic. It does not seem like acting at all." That's because it isn't. It is flat and unemotional (even when she tries to be emotional). Jack Nicholson doesn't become crazy due to isolation, he's nuts from the beginning. His character's dealing with his wooden family doesn't beg the question, "Why does he want to kill his family," but, "Why didn't he do so long before this?" Not saying I condone injury to the dull and irritating, but being locked up with those two would put anyone's nerves on edge. I can't believe they survived the car ride to the hotel.Needless to say, I didn't find THE SHINING scary in any way, even when I saw it at age 11. By then, I had the wits scared out of me by a far worse movie IT'S ALIVE (gimme a break, I was 7). After that, I have yet to be scared by any other movie, and THE SHINING never even came close.In all honesty, I have tried to give THE SHINING a reasonable chance. I've seen it more than five times, thinking "I must be missing something." Each time it gets worse. All right, I've already written one review for this movie.  But I've gotten lots of hate mail since then because I was told I did not explain enough. So here goes.Lots of spoilers are coming.Let's start with the actors.  Jack Nicholson puts on a terrific performance in this movie.  I will say that much.  However, I hate to say that is the ONLY good thing about this movie.  The woman (can't even remember her name) is one of the worst actors I have ever seen.  She was just annoying and I was pleading with the movie for her death.  The little boy, in his slobbering fits, made me just want to puke.  No, the only good thing about this movie was Nicholson.The plot is not too bad, but is, to be honest, very lame.  He is a caretaker and must take care (duh) of the hotel during the winter, it's closed season. He takes his wife and child to live up there.Nothing happens for the longest time.  It is just such a boring movie.  I was so sick of it by the time Nicholson started losing it.  By the way, he loses it for no reason.  The movie doesn't explain anything.  I've never read the book, so I'm guessing you'd have to read the book to understand ANYTHING.  The kid has a magical talent or something called the Shining, but this has nothing to do with the movie!  I was at a total loss!There's a rather grotesque scene involving a naked woman that really made me want to shut this off.  But something drew me in... I guess I just wanted to see how bad it could really get.Whoo, I wish I didn't do that.It just gets worse and worse after that.  The plot falls short with tons of holes, the storyline is absolutely boring and crooked, and the climax is TOTALLY predictable.  I knew that the black guy would go up to the hotel, get killed, and the woman and child would take the vehicle and escape.The music is so horribly screechy that I just wanted to clap my ears and cause deafness every five minutes.  But I guess it fits the grotesque atmosphere of the movie.I was utterly disgusted by this movie.  If this is supposedly the best of horror, I will never want to watch the horror genre again for fear of seeing its worst. This entire movie could have been viewed with subtitles and everything on fast forward. Low on dialogue and storytelling, and sky-high on Kubrik-Hype, his God-awful long shots were as deadly as Jack Nicholson's axe... they killed the movie and any suspense it attempted to create.I literally watched the last part of this movie on fast forward. The Kubrik-esquire long shots are an absolute drag, and the producers should have worked more on the script to let people understand the story more.Try watching a few scenes on fast forward, and you'll get the joke. Absolutely unacceptable. The story is not served in any way by watching a well-acted freak with an axe limp across a half-mile hallway or an old black guy walk, 6-inch stride by 6-inch stride across the same bloody hallway for five minutes.All movie adaptations worthy to be mentioned should have enough material within the contents of the movie for people who have NOT read the book to understand ENOUGH so as to get the general story right. This adaptation does not do anything of the sort. Unacceptable script-writing and unacceptable direction. I forgave Kubrik on 2001: A Space Odyssey, but after watching The Shining, in hindsight, his clichéd long shots and his awful storytelling puts him in one of the directors whose work I consistently do not enjoy. This film is easily one of the most overrated films of all time. A below average film at best. Honestly though ? It's bad and extremely overrated. No wonder Stephen King hates this film, I don't blame him. I hate it too. And by the looks of this review section, I'm not the only one that hates it (besides Stephen King). John "Jack" Torrance's character from the Novel is butchered in this film, Wendy Torrance is a complete joke compared to the Novel version of her..even Rebecca De Mornay is a much better and more book accurate Wendy Torrance in the freaking TV movie, "The Shining", Richard "Dick" Hallorann's character is a complete waste in this film and dies in this overrated pos movie unlike in the real MASTERPIECE, the Novel, where he survives. Danny Torrance talking to his finger and not seeing the older, grown up version of himself is also a waste and a total joke in this film. The only reason I gave it a 3 instead of a 1 is because Stanley Kubrick's unique and great filming is on display but unfortunately, Stanley Kubrick failed at everything else with this film. This film is not scary at all, it has pacing issues, hammy and bad performances from every actor and actress in the film except for Danny Lloyd who gave a solid and good acting performance for being so young. And for the topping on the cake, this film is also a terrible film adaptation of the far superior/better Novel. This film somehow, someway has an 8.4/10 rating. My God. LMAO. This extremely overrated film is nowhere close to the REAL big league films/Stephen King film adaptations like The Shawshank Redemption and The Green Mile, especially The Shawshank Redemption. "Stand By Me" ("The Body" is the book's title) is also a much better film and King movie adaptation and so is the film and Stephen King film adaptation, "Misery" ! Mary Lambert's and Stephen King's Pet Sematary 1989 film adaptation of Stephen King's "Pet Sematary" Novel is a far more scary and horrifying film than 1980's The Shining. Both films have hammy and bad acting from the lead actors and actresses but Pet Sematary to a far less degree and it's much scarier and a more horrifying film. So is Stephen King's IT..the 2017, 2019, and 1990 versions..all three versions..but the 2017 and 2019 versions of IT has great acting to go along with the great horror and scariness and creepiness.Like I said, Stanley Kubrick's 1980's "The Shining" is one of the most overrated films of all time. The Shining Novel by Stephen King is much better and far superior. I bet the upcoming sequel, "Doctor Sleep", will be a much better film and Stephen King film adaptation than this film but will probably get a lower rating simply because it's not directed by Stanley Kubrick, who passed away years ago. Rest in peace to the guy and he was an overall good Director but his fans are obnoxious and have overrated every movie he has ever directed. There are better films than Stanley Kubrick films and there are better Directors than Stanley Kubrick. The suspense was ruined scene after scene by bad editing. Jack Nicholson was never credible as a sane Jack Torrence. This should have been billed as "loosely inspired by Stephen King's The Shining". Left out the topiary (a very important aspect of horror in the book) and what's with the repeated shots of the elevator of blood? I think the ONLY reason this has gotten decent ratings is because it has Stanley Kubrick's name attached to it. If it had the director as Alan Smithee, I doubt it would have gotten above a 3 rating. If you want to see a very faithful adaptation of the novel, rent the mini-series Stephen King's The Shining. Shelley Duvall (an accomplished actress) was reduced to a whimpering, sniveling extra. And, what's with the finger "redrum"?!? In the book... Tony lived in the back of his throat, not in his finger. About the only thing worth watching in this movie is Scatman, even though they changed his role quite dramatically from the book. This movie appears to have been made to show how insane Jack Nicholson can act, as he is really about the only thing featured in the movie. Those that rated it well, obviously never have touched the book. I have read people praise this movie over and over and I just don't get it. Where do I even begin??? Let's start with the hotel itself. Stephen King based the Overlook on the Stanley hotel. This hotel doesn't begin to compare with the majesty of the Stanely. It's just UGLY!!!Then there is that ridiculous hedge maze. It was supposed to be topiaries!!!! Wendy, Wendy, Wendy........ What can I say? I would have killed this mealy mouthed, butt ugly, whiny woman long before he did. She is supposed to be portrayed as a strong, vibrant, beautiful woman.And then there is Jack. I agree with another reviewer in that this man was insane long before the hotel got ahold of him. Jack was a man who struggled with his inner demons and looked at this job as an opportunity not only to write his play but to mend his family after his alcoholism had nearly destroyed it. There is no visible internal struggle shown in this movie whatsoever!!!! He rolls over and embraces the madness of the hotel with open arms. NOT SO MR. KUBRICK!!!!! There is deep inner turmoil going on inside this man who is fighting for his sanity and his family. All that is lost in this movie completely,Finally, all the little details that finished this movie off for me. The murdered little girls.....???? What the h-ll???? Where did that even come from? This boy talking with his finger? Jack freezing to death in that stupid maze??? Dick Hollorann dying?? I have only one question, why would any director take on a novel to movie project and the proceed to tear down EVERYTHING the very audience that its directed at loved about the book to begin with? Stanley Kubrick is one of the greatest directors of all time and his many movies are excellent, probably because he is perfectionist, despite this is a torture for the actors who worked with him. As I read, he had gotten Shelley Duvall act the same scene 87 times, then Duvall had a nervous breakdown. It seems impossible, but unfortunately, in spite of this effort (perfectionism) there is nothing except for Jack Nicholson. Everyone talks about the bicycle scene with amazement. Yes, it was interesting, but if we think about Kubrick's other movies, it is nothing. The script is seriously mediocre, the direction is a bit better than the script. For example, the development of the story is uninspiring. Nicholson enters the bar of the house and starts to talk to a man, but also he does not react at all as if everything is fine. What a bad idea to mention that the house is uncanny. You think to yourself like what is going on here? The idea of the man who comes a mansion with his wife and children, then he starts to go mad was not well adapted in other words. The movie is in contradiction with Kubrick's coherent direction style. The final was one of the most uninspiring finals of all times and a little bit ridiculous. The characters who sense the danger and try to help are nonsense and unnecessary. Those characters only serve to thrill us, but unnecessary. The child often looks gawkily, he gapes. Those moments are very silly and to me really annoying. The hatchet scene is the best (the only best) scene of the movie. I should count the bicycle scene, too which the child rides his bike through the corridors. Generally, in fact, always, nobody does something to the bad movies which loved and overrated, but The Shining was nominated for the worst director in Razzie awards. When I learned, you can't imagine how I cheered up. Stanley Kubrick was like the proverbial little girl with the curl...when he was good, he was very, very good, and when he was bad, he just *stunk*. This film, sadly, is one of the latter occasions.The book, a dark and frightening masterpiece, is hopelessly gutted and all the characters turned into caricatures by a director apparently obsessed with his own cleverness. The ending is inexplicably altered (one of the lynchpins of the original story being thereby removed), and we see none of the loving but dysfunctional relationship between the parents.Danny, the central character, doesn't have confusing internal visions - instead, he behaves as though he should be seeing a psychiatrist, talking to himself in an "exorcist"-like voice.Dick Halloran, who in the book is a major supporting character, becomes a token cameo.The scariest scenes in the book, so leisurely and haunting, are either removed entirely or changed into cheap and gaudy shocks.Nicholson is his typical over-the-edge self, and is horribly miscast as the conflicted semi-alcoholic father with a history of childhood abuse living who slowly becomes the abuser under the 'guidance' of the hotel. Shelley Duval's performance is flat, and gives no indication that she is slowly beginning to fear her husband.Do yourself a favor and just re-read the book one more time. The Shining has always been overlong, boring pretentious and very flawed. It was not "misunderstood" by its audience in 1980 or "ahead of it's time." Please think for yourselves!!! The movie was justifiably nominated for all those Razzies because it deserved them! Just because Kubrick directed doesnt mean it's automatically good! Jack is drunk with a limp- he really poses no threat! Walk past him, for chrissake Do not waste your time on this movie.  It is one of the best examples of a botched translation from print to screen ever.  It has been inexcusably "Kubrickized" to make it fit in more easily with the rest of Stanley Kubrick's body of work.Kubrick takes the basic idea from the book-- and I do mean the most absolutely basic outline of the story-- and changes it into something that is not even remotely scary. In the book, the Hotel itself is the fourth main character, slowly driving Jack Torrance insane.  In this utter waste of film, Jack was crazy when they got there, and the isolation from the outside world is what takes him over the edge.  In this bastardized version, there is no point in having Danny possessed of psychic powers, nor of making the Hotel itself haunted.  Those two points, which should be the two most important facts of the story, instead take a backseat to a very predictable, very generic story of an already unstable man finally snapping.Do yourself a favor, and instead of this absolute SIN of a film, watch the made-for-tv mini-series starring Steven Weber.  It is much more faithful to the book, and therefore a much better and well worked story. OK, full disclosure, I was a massive fan of Stephen King novels in the 70's, 80's and 90's, and read The Shining when it first came out. Sadly so much was changed between the novel and the movie, it tears the very beating heart out of the story and renders it meaningless. Even the Shining, as Halloran dubs their abilities, is swept under the rug and seems irrelevant in the film after which it is named. Other major changes from the novel, well it's hard to know where to start there are so many. Just about all of the back story around Jacks alcoholism is ignored. The history of the Overlook is all but ignored. All three main characters differ vastly from their literary counterparts, right down to their hair colour. The Topiary of animals becomes a maze, the roque court, a major element of the novel, just disappears. The pieces that do survive from the book just end up being confusing asides without the background. The casting is very poor, Nicholson comes across as maniacal right from the off and continues to over act his way through the entire film. Duvall seems completely out of place and Danny Torrance displays all the charisma of an empty paper bag. The jarring musical soundtrack is often irritating more than it is effective. I know this is a massively popular film, but for me it was a failure of epic proportions. After reading previews about this maybe being the scariest movie of all time, I was extremely disappointed at this laughable excuse for a horror movie. Jack really was a dull boy in this mis-hyped, miscast feature. Granted, King's novels don't always translate into good movies,but even his TV movies put this piece of trash to shame. Stephen King felt pretty happy about the adaptations of his first two books, Carrie being mirrored perfectly by Sissy Spacek in De Palma's 1976 classic and 'salem's Lot being fairly okay on TV in Tobe Hooper's 1979 adaptation.  However, when Stanley Kubrick, one of the biggest and most famous directors ever, chose to adapt King's masterpiece of horror and great storytelling, Stephen King became cautious about who he chose to adapt and direct (not to mention how they are adapted and directed)--and with good reason.  Virtually the only things in common between the book and the movie are as such: character names and roles, the title itself, and locations.  All similarities end right there.  Though fans of Kubrick welcomed this so-called "masterpiece" into their already-huge cult of Kubrick movies, fans of the far larger Stephen King world--even after only 3 books at the time--were severely disappointed.  How could this movie be created?  The characters' attitudes are far different than in the book (Jack Nicholson is an average schmo to start and immediately becomes grouchy, then kookie; Shelly Duvall is an eccentric wife that acts as if she has suffered many years of abuse; not to mention Danny Lloyd's ridiculously ignorant and indifferent and jaded attitude that quickly turns to psychotic episodes).  Very bad acting goes into it all (virtually the only case of good acting that shows real characterization, however shallow, is Scatman Crothers as Dick Halloran), and the directing is terrible.  Over 12 obvious mistakes occur in this movie, including a clear shadow from the helicopter view of the Rocky Mountains at the beginning as well as a bending baseball bat used by Shelly Duvall on Jack Nicholson in one of many ridiculous conflicts and multiple parts of the door from the famous "Here's Johnny!" scene disappearing in several following scenes.  And to top it all off, Stanley Kubrick was so convinced that this...rubbish...was such a good movie that he had a contract made so that any re-makes of the movie could not be released on video in the US.  Luckily in 1997 a far more faithful adaptation was made, but unfortunately Mr. Kubrick's legacy of no-US-video had the movie appear only once on commercial television, never to be seen again unless it is on the video available overseas from Amazon.co.uk.  This was a terrible scratch in the long film reel of cinema history, and hopefully will be mended & forgotten soon enough.  All in all and simply put: this movie sucked. --MetalHorror Worst film ever. Painful to watch! I would rather watch some MTV reality show. i saw this movie after looking at the response it got from the audience and an 8.5 rating at IMDb. But i am sorry to say that i was severely disappointed after spending two and a half hrs for it. The fails to provide any horrific experience and is nowhere near modern masterpieces of horror. The roles are not well justified in the storyline and kid's shining experience did not came into picture in the entire movie. A vague ending suppressed all the hopes for a breakthrough that was severely awaited in the entire movie. All in all a disastrous experience. There are thousands of horror movies in the world which i recommend horror fans over "The Shining" This movie does no justice whatsoever to the novel written by Stephen King. The acting, by all three of the main characters (Jack Nicholson, Shelley Duvall and Danny Lloyd) is sickening.   I mean, Wendy is supposed to be good-looking, and they cast Shelley Duvall?!?!  And Jack is supposed to be a nice guy - a good father and husband - at the beginning of the story, which makes for greater contrast when he goes ballistic at the end.  But Nicholson looks and acts psycho from the get-go, making it is no surprise when he actually does go crazy.  Considering King's novels are usually terrible (come on, a car that kills people named Christine?) "The Shining" was a haunting account of the hotel effects on the gradual demise of Jack's psyche.  And what's with Tony morphing into this friend that "lives in Doc's mouth"?  I suggest reading the actual book, or watching the 1997 mini series with Steven Weber and Rebecca De Mornay,which is true to the book and a much better movie.  Because this version of The Shining is pure crap. OK, I'm being deliberately over-harsh in the grade. Really, the movie probably deserves a three or four star rating. But it is my wont to skew low when I think a bad movie has vastly too high an overall rating. And this is indeed a bad movie.The problem here is that the story just doesn't make any sense. It didn't make any sense to me, and, after a lot of reading online, it appears it doesn't make sense to anyone. There's vastly differing opinions over just what was real or imaginary and just what was going on. And you know what I think? I don't think Kubrick himself had a clue. I don't think HE could tell you who unlocked the door. He clearly wasn't the tiniest bit interested in telling a coherent story, he just threw in whatever bits seemed cool. A flood of blood from the elevator? Sure, that's cool! Who cares if it makes no sense! A quick unrelated shot of two unknown people making love, one in a bear costume? Wow, that's weird, throw it in! To me, this whole who-cares-if-it-makes-sense approach constitutes inexcusably bad film-making.Seriously, by the time I saw the quasi-Twilight-Zone last shot, I had a clear revelation of what this movie reminded me of: The Planet of the Apes. No, not the great, original, Charlton Heston Planet of the Apes, the abortion that was the Tim Burton remake. But, more specifically, it reminded me of the experience of watching the DVD of that movie with Burton's commentary track on. Where he explicitly admits that he really had no idea what was going on with the ending. This seemed totally like what Kubrick was doing. The. Plot. Makes. No. Sense. I can see why King hated it.I've never read the book, but I've read a fair bit online about differences between the movie and the book, and it seems clear to me that the *book* *does* make sense. So I come away with the strong sense that what we have here is a movie that utterly butchered the book it was based on.One other thing I hated about the movie: the music. The music is just awful. I don't mean intrinsically, qua music. But it is SO heavy-handed. We CONSTANTLY have *overbearingly* suspenseful music-- even in scenes which aren't suspenseful at all. This is especially noticeable early in the film, before much of *anything* has happened yet. The music screams at you "Ooooo, this is a scary movie, so be scared!" whether something scary is happening or not. It frankly comes off as amateurish.Oh, and I would be remiss if I didn't mention that this film triggers a pet-peeve of mine, my least favorite movie device ever: the Pointlessly Cryptic Clue. In this case, it's "redrum". It makes NO sense. The kid has "the shining" (whatever, exactly, it may be) and therefore sees the future. That's why he has any clue at all. OK. So why is his clue *encrypted*???? Why is he yelling "redrum" instead of just "murder"???? Somebody give me some rational explanation of why it's backwards and requires a mirror to make sense of it. Pointlessly Cryptic Clue!It's a shame the movie is so bad, because the basic premise seemed very promising. The notion of being isolated and snowbound in a big old hotel and someone going nuts from cabin fever seemed really interesting. You know what movie *I'd* like to see? I'd love to see this movie if Hitchcock had made it. Then, there'd be no question of supernatural stuff, it would all be purely psychological. Then, the music wouldn't be overbearing from scene one, it would be happy and upbeat, to lull you into thinking that they're going to have a happy time at the beautiful, luxurious hotel, so that the degradation into insanity comes as a surprise, instead of being telegraphed from the outset. Hell, Hitchcock might even have thrown in a delightful twist; for instance, maybe while the father clearly shows signs of strain from cabin fever, it turns out that it's actually the *mother* who has quietly gone nuts and is the one who actually goes homicidal.Anyway, that's the movie I would really have liked to have seen. But I would have settled happily for a faithful, coherent adaptation of the original King book. I think Kubrick picked the wrong week to give up sniffing glue. Many King fans hate this because it departed from the book, but film is a different medium and books should change when they make the jump. That notwithstanding, the movie does fail completely, but it fails entirely on film terms. I'd like to smack the people who tell me it's the scariest movie ever made. I always follow up with the question "Really... exactly what scene scared you?" Every fan I've asked, goes silent. Occasionally someone, at a loss for a decent scare (There are none...), names the "Grape-juice-shooting-out-of-elevators" shtick. If you're afraid of that, I don't know what to tell you, except maybe that you're easily scared. I just rolled my eyes watching these z-grade horror ideas play out in this schlocky, incoherent movie.One place it diverts from the book and really is insipid is the tedious work the movie does to get Mr Halloran up to the Overlook only to kill him; with the dumbest member of the audience knowing that Jack is waiting behind one of the columns in the corridor that it takes Halloran FOREVER to walk down. Really one of the stupidest sequences ever put on film. Oh, and nice choice for Mr. Halloran's artwork Stanley! Black light afro-nymphomaniacs really add to the mood and character development of a horror movie. Has there ever been a more "off," out-of-place shot in any movie ever made?I consider it a miracle that I was eventually able to bypass this turd, and agree that Kubricks 2001 is a truly important film, given the immense 'bad will' generated by both this stupid, stupid movie, and the cult of fawning but inarticulate Kubrick fan-boys, who couldn't describe an idea at work in it with every film resource in the Library of Congress in front of them. Toss in the grotesque overacting of Jack Nicholson, the introduction of dumb one-liners at tense moments, and the Razzie nominated performance of Shelly Duvall and you have a very crappy movie. Having just seen the doco about Kubrick, and then taken the plunge with Eyes Wide Shut after being warned against it by everyone I know, I expected wonderful things from this film. After all, Jack Nicholson, One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest! This was gonna be amazing!JNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN! WRONG!Quite simply one of the worst films I've ever seen. The editing alone was a travesty. What amateur crud! Could this be the same mind that gave us Easy Rider, Dr Strangelove and 2001? Clearly our Stanley had a rather nasty turn prior to making this film, that or it ran way over budget and the studio employed some lacky fresh out of 'make your own home movies in 24 hours'to whack it together overnight. Then there's the music, the Bartok was perfect, but all the original synth stuff was absolute rubbish. I really think I must be missing something critical here - or was he trying to make a statement about how pathetic horror movies are, cos that rang out loud and clear.Well, look, if you want to see a plot that is full of holes, if you want to see the helicopter shadow in the overhead shots at the start and catch some awful, sad and pathetic acting from Shelly Duval and then be left wondering why Stan even bothered beating this dead horse of a C movie - sure, rush down to the movie store, I emplore you. Do it. Do it now.Seriously, I love Stan when he puts his heart into it, but I teach editing and I have people who come in with no knowledge cutting up better narratives in their first day just by letting them play with MS Movie Maker. That just makes me sad.I should also temper this with some context. 1. I can prove by simple logical argument that Stephen King is a hack, chiefly because he writes like a three year old. 2. I love being challenged and having something to think about. 3. Why oh why can't our Clairvoyant friend or his 'Shine' brother foresee his untimely and really badly played out, plot-killing, anitclimatic death? This has got to be the most stupid film I have ever seen (spoilers ahead)! First of all, the plot is stupid. The little kid is weird and they move to a hotel because his father is the caretaker of it. We find that the kid has a gift, the "Shining". This gift never ever has anything to do with anything except to make the kid seem cool. Then the movie gets more boring and boring until the man finally goes crazy. He goes on a rampage to kill the kid and his wife because... well, he feels like it. Why else would he do it? All of a sudden we see a naked woman in the tub. The man kisses her and realizes he is kissing a dead corpse, which is utterly disgusting. Somehow a black man enters the hotel and is whacked with an axe. Then the kid and the woman take the black man's vehicle and leave the father, who dies within minutes of hypothermia. Most movies aren't a complete waste of time, but this falls right into that category. The music is trashy, the characters are corny (except Jack Nicholson, who is a good actor), the plot is twisted and fits the description of vomit, the ending is very predictable, the storyline is slow, tedious, and boring. This movie is extremely overrated. AVOID THIS MOVIE AT ALL COSTS. I'm surprised it's gotten such a high rating on IMDb. 