About a minute into this film I squealed out of fear when they put the Annabelle doll into frame. I have a genuine fear of dolls like this. They freak me out. Therefore I was excited about this movie - I sincerely thought that there would finally be another movie out there that would manage to scare me (I have 3 in total so far). Sadly this is not the case. The movie was boring and predictable. The worst thing was that they have this terrifying creature-object-thing to make good use of and they failed miserably at using it. I'm genuinely disappointed at the reuse of the same old washed up horror storyline. How'd this script even get approved??! booo! I wish I wrote it so they could actually see what fear of a doll is haha. I have watched many many scary movies, some good some bad, none truly scary. Anyone who reviewed this film as scary or awesome obviously has not seen the film. This is a complete snore-fest, from start to finish. I saw perhaps 3 "jump out of seat" scenes where it was totally predictable on it and was yawning each time. The conjuring was a terrific film, and this one is just trying to score big bucks off that name with 1/4 the budget. I was left feeling angry and cheated. There was no depth, no character relation, no story-line, nothing to get you even remotely into the film, except "saw the previews, this is gonna be so good !" feeling you saw when you watched the previews and couldn't wait for this to come out. A complete letdown in all aspects except the fact it actually ended and I could go do something else. There was such huge potential for this movie to be scary. Extremely creepy looking doll, backstory from The Conjuring , an old house and a baby. But instead of a genuinely haunting movie, we were subjected to an insulting plot with ZERO scares. I am not exaggerating. There were zero scary parts in this. Lots of zooming in on the creepy doll's face. You expect something to happen at this point. The head to move, the mouth to open, the eyes to blink. But no, there was nothing. Just a slow zooming in shot of a stationary inanimate doll.Look at the movie's budget vs. profit and you'll see why the producers wanted to make this movie. It was simply a cash making exercise with no thought given to the plot.This should not be classed as a horror movie. I've seen Scooby Doo cartoons which were scarier than this. I had high hopes for this movie having liked The Conjuring but I was sadly disappointed. There were only 4 shock scares throughout the whole movie.It seemed to me the doll was not even possessed, just a demon who enjoyed playing with it. I actually noticed more bloopers then scares. I found the characters where just thrown together with no development and outside characters made no sense as to why they were even in the movie since they added nothing. I believe that this movie would have been best served going strait to DVD instead of being offered in movie theaters. For the lack of any attempt to develop the characters or even attempt to make the doll demon possessed(IE moving around on its own, glowing eyes) The one time they actually showed the doll moving by it's self was portrayed as a demon holding it. Overall it was a major disappointment. Definitely not a must see move of 2014. OK, first of all I decided to make an IMDb account just to write a review about how crap this movie was. I cannot believe how poor this movie was it made me so angry and irritated me, the acting was horrible.the characters were just not very convincing I was not scared through this movie, I kept watching it hoping that it's going to get better but it didn't. The conjuring was so much better the acting the plot was so much better. Do not even waste your time watching this movie Annabelle because you will only be disappointed overall I'm giving this movie a 0 out of 10. I just wasted like a hour and half of my life watching this movie. Through the whole movie Annabel doesn't even seem to move at least in the chuckie movies you saw chuckie walking, talking etc. and then what tripped me out is why the hell would the lady mia go down to put something in storage and leave her baby in the apartment upstairs alone knowing that theirs an evil presence all around the house that is after her and the baby. ALSO! the scene were she drops her keys and the stroller goes rolling in the street and once the stroller gets hit she all of a sudden has her baby in her hand.... so many scenes were this movie just did not have any common sense. They could of had a better director do this movie because this movie was a waste of time I'm glad I watched it online through a website that was free rather then going to go spend my money this weekend to watch the film in theaters. this movie was awful and that's just my honest opinion. I have disliked a majority of movies I watch, but not badly enough that I'm urged to write a review on it. This movie, however, irked me so badly that I feel the need. Let's start off by saying that the title of this movie is 'Annabelle', correct? Yep. So where is this doll the entire movie? Nowhere. That's right, this is where the plot falls apart and everything goes downhill from there. The doll is hardly in the movie at all. She moves a total of maybe two times (excluding the 'climax' of this movie in which she is overused). I had a very hard time finishing this over-hyped example of trying too hard to be original. The beginning is too slow and it doesn't get to the point until the movie is just about over as well. By the end of the movie, I just wanted it to end and was happy that they at least hadn't killed off the bookstore owner... and then there is yet another attempt at being original and failing miserably. This lady (who, by the way, had nothing to do with any of this) plummets to her death out the apartment window and gives her soul to a demon. It was this part that enraged me the most for the mere idea of killing a good character off when there was no reason to and another ending could have been made (because the director clearly wasn't actually making Annabelle off of the true story) is barbaric and uncalled for. I am disturbed with the outcome of this movie and, quite frankly, I didn't even want to award it one star, but there was no option lower, so I will state it here.0/10 stars This movie was just, ugh, AWFUL!!!!!!!!! I expected this movie to have the same formula as The Conjuring had. Scare people with suspense not with some cheesy CGI cast off from Insidious. If you took the demon from Insidious, cut off its tail, then you would have the demon in Annabelle. The story is supposed to be about ANNABELLE!!!!!!! not some stupid stereotype American family. The story SHOULD of been about the little girl Annabelle that was in the first 5 MINUTES OF THE MOVIE!!!!! If you watch the first 5 minutes then leave, you have the story of ANNABELLE!!!! If you want to watch the rest of it, be prepared, you barely seen Annabelle do anything. All she does is sit there and do nothing.Everyone scene is predictable, and when you think you will see something, you do, so it takes away all suspense of the film. The Conjuring knew that to scare people you have to make them think they will see something and then DON'T SHOW THEM SOMETHING!!!!!! That is the key, if we anticipate seeing something we will scare ourselves more. Blair Witch Project, Halloween, Jason, Nightmare on Elm Street, The Conjuring all knew this. Scaring people isn't hard to do with a horror movie, but when you feed it to us like were 2 years old, it isn't scary, it is repetitive and boring.A sad example of a sequel. Directors and Producers, you disappoint me. Only cool thing I found in the movie was the fact Mia's real name is Annabelle, which I think was a fun twist to the story haha! Other then that, it was a waste of $10 dollars. Seriously, the Young couple look like Barbie and Ken dolls. He's handsome and boring and she's pretty and boring. And so is this so called horror movie.Apart from the movie itself, being boring and predictable, the couple act moronically throughout the movie.1: why would anybody want a creepy doll like Annabell in the first place? 2: after they move to an apartment after the first hauntings, the doll is in a moving-box even though Ken threw it away. And Barbie is not freaked out by this at all and decides to keep the doll?? 3: after Barbie and Ken and the cliché-priest finds out that the doll is possessed by a demon, they don't destroy the doll, which would probably destroy the demon as well. No Barbie throws it around and yells at it. And the priest takes the doll with him to his church where he is almost killed by the demon.4: as for the exercising couple that is not even in the movie, they're boring as well. And a franchise about that couple seems like a really bad idea.5: the exercising couple keep the doll in a glass box to keep the demon trapped. Again, destroy the doll and destroy the demon.6: why did this movie get an R-rating? There is no blood in it, no nudity, no swearing.Apart from a few creepy scenes and only one good scare, this movie isn't worth watching. If you like horror movies with dolls and those movies certainly can be creepy, I recommend Dead Silence. Directed by James Wan that produced this garbage. One of the least interesting horror movies I've watched! I'm not even comparing this to "The Conjuring"!Weak story line, pathetic acting combined with inexperience of the filmmaker make this a complete time-waste !Where do you even find such actors ! It's a shame to call the actors ! The female lead is horrible when it comes to performance! She is just a good looking model ! Nothing more ! I'm surprised, how did she even land up with this role! Maybe through a godfather in industry !Such an important and impressive theme, and she makes a mockery of all of it! They have better actors and and a better story in porn movies ! Just came back from the cinema AND this is so far the worst horror movie i'v seen i mean it started all good a nice story developed BUT as it was going on it was getting worse and worse it was getting such amateur low budget movie the story got all ruined and all the sound effects were trying to "scare" us but nothing special happened........very disappointed such a good story just done wrong.It is a perfect horror story but it was just so bad that i just wanted to leave the cinema early. i am not recommending this movie.all of you horror junkies will be disappointed after watching this one it's a new 2014 movie but done very very bad. Having the doll do absolutely nothing must have saved them a LOT of money. There are so many close ups and camera panning towards the doll and all that to see her do a big NOTHING! After the third time panning towards her face, there should be a running bet. Maybe she will blink, or sneer or maybe do the Macarena. Really, I would like that because the Macarena scares the *beep* out of me. Old people swinging their hips, that's like inviting death to dance with you.Then they throw a generic looking demon with a very familiar face and horns. I could have sworn I've seen that demonic face somewhere. What's that movie starring Harry Potter but with horns? And guess what, he's moving the doll all over. That IS a spoiler that shows how the doll is able to levitate. The movie just gave us a spoiler, can we sue them???? So if there is a sequel and the doll starts floating around and doing the backstroke, there must be a stage guy there doing the work, just dress him up as a demon so he will look like part of the movie, right?And the actors were not able to save the movie even if they wanted to. Wooden acting, blank facial expressions. We have cookie cutter Ken and Barbie in a perfect life, and what's more perfect when they meet the first stranger in the movie who became a friend and this NEW friend is willing to sacrifice her life for the white Barbie because she feels guilty about her own daughter's death. Oh yeah the stranger-turned friend-turned willing sacrifice-turned soul now belonged to the devil is black, so check that list. And there ain't gonna be any mother daughter reunion there you know, it's a totally different zip code. I'm sure wherever the daughter is, she's shaking her head thinking 'That's not what I meant you are supposed to do Mom. You could pray more for my soul, that would actually help and do some charity work or something. NOT give your bloody soul to the devil!"Back to Ken and Barbie, could you act a little bit more distraught when you thought your baby is lying dead on the floor instead of smothering him in your chest possibly killing him in the process? Shouldn't the first thing you do is check his pulse, give CPR and then maybe at the same time realize that you are french kissing a freaking doll? And Ken! You have perfect hair, the perfect job and I love a doctor who spent his time sleeping beside a patient's bed. And who didn't think that Ken and Barbie had the WORST reaction time in history? Did you count how many seconds it took for any of them to react when they hear something? How many seconds did it take for Ken to stop and think and think again when he hears his wife scream? Can someone take his soul please? Oh wait, he would take too long at the window to jump. Probably couldn't figure out if he should land on the front or back, which would be prettier? Barbie didn't disappoint at the window scene. She took long enough for black stranger to form a crazy idea in her head. Barbie is probably hoping for that. Let the stranger-turned friend-turned willing sacrifice do the jump. Maybe Barbie is smarter than we realize.Overall, not worth to be included in any horror list. Best buried and forgotten or in Hollywood terms, rebooted.PS. They started the movie interviewing the 2 girls who had the doll. Shouldn't the movie be about them? ANNABELLE (2014) * Annabelle Wasllis, Ward Horton, Tony Amendola, Alfre Woodard, Kerry O'Malley, Brian Howe, Eric Ladin. Very disappointing prequel to THE CONJURING giving the origin story of the titular possessed doll which depicts vanilla bland couple Wallis and Horton beginning their lives together with a baby on the way leading to echoes of ROSEMARY's BABY and an overactive sound track. Woodard actually looks beyond bored in a quick paycheck as the owner of a bookstore that specializes in the supernatural (and has a personal risk at stake).While cinematographer-turned-director John R. Leonetti takes the reins for the first time as helmsman from producer James Wan, the rote storyline by Gary Dauberman fails to keep a decent scare ratio nor a sizable body count as anticipated. Better off watching CHILD's PLAY or a true creep fest like "The Dummy" from THE TWILIGHT ZONE. One genuine jolt does not make a sufficient thriller by any means. I don't think horror is the actual genre for this movie it should be drama,romance,mystery .....conjuring was far more better than annabelle total waste of time... Demons searching for soul and all ain't horror. All the horror part was used in the trailer ..nothing was left for movie....first half was full of drama...nothing interesting Also people say this is the prequel of THE CONJURING I didn't get a connection to that because the doll was shown at the house of the couple at the end of the movie and had no link whatsoever with haunted house ....had high expectations was disappointed .....should have opted foe a sequel that would have been interesting ...something dealing with haunted house or possessed person ....... I'm a fan and I saw almost all types of horrors which were released until now.It's a pity that I got fulled by the trailer in which it was referenced "The conjuring" movie in which was said that before conjuring was Annabelle.No way there is no way that this movie can be compared with "The conjuring" The actors are bad , the special effects are also bad , the action takes place in an old period , which is not even specified by the scenaristI can say that I saw also a lot of bad movies until now but this is on top I wouldn't recommend it to horror movie fans This is a waste of time I was not able to watch it until end .This is how "great" it is :) I was seeing a girl at the time who loves horror movies and she wanted to go see this movie at the cinema. Not being a big fan of horror movies i wasn't too excited about it. I love movies like The Thing and the original Fright NIght but i knew Annabelle would be garbage, i mean just look at it.A guy buys his doll collecting wife a doll which looks like a creepy horror movie doll and she never comments on how gross it looks, she's delighted like "Oh my god thanks i love you!" it's so ridiculous and unintentionally funny. Soon after that scary things start happening to them.
The wife is a typical dumb horror movie character and much of the movie consists of scenes of her alone in the house hearing a noise and then going to check it out only to be frightened by a jump scare (The lights in the house don't work because of course they don't). This happens multiple times throughout the movie. There is one legit creepy scene involving a demon in a dark room but other than that it's pretty pointless and bad.This is typical B horror trash which is cheap to make but for whatever reason people flock to see it in the cinema so it makes a ton of money.
Because this was cheap to make and it made money there's now sequels.
Buy a sandwich instead. Annabelle is a downright insulting horror film from the word "go." Well, maybe that's not true. It does have a great prologue where a crazy woman terrorizes a boring suburban couple and ends up possessing their already creepy doll. The rest of the movie feels like Rosemary's Baby-lite, but far less effective. Alfre Woodard shows up to collect a paycheck and her final exit from the film is one of the most ridiculous, borderline offensive things I've ever seen.The good news is - it could only go up from here and the film's sequel/prequel isn't half bad. Figured this would be just like The Conjuring, another TV-14 movie put on the big screen with a slap of rated R on it. The Conjuring was so boring until last 5 minutes, and still was nothing much at the end. Now this one considered sequel (prequel), which is not any better at all. Boring doll that doesn't move until the end. Wow, do the directors know what scary is, and the rating committee. It seems like they hired a teenager to give should of been PG-13 movies a rated R rating, and say it is the scariest movie of the year award.I think they need to rehire the MPAA. They have no clue what a rated R movie is anymore. What's next NC-17 as a rated R movie, like rated R movies are starting to be like PG-13 ones? Seriously, this is getting pathetic. I thought James Wan's movies were getting bad, but this is bad as James Wan's. Well, if you enjoy boring and not scary movies or think PG-13 movies are scary then this one is for you.I can't stand falsified ratings any more. Saying something is Unrated and its actually like rated R, and R like its PG-13 is sad and pathetic, and needs fixing badly. Were losing the good gore that is better than this boring no swearing, no nudity, no scares horror movies like these.I am not watching The Conjuring 2, because the first one was so bad I could of fell asleep, but I just sat there the whole movie saying when is it going to start? Never did until last 5 minutes, and same with this movie.I just can't say enough of how bad this and The Conjuring was bad. If they showed these on Television like the other horror movies that get things cut out to not be shown, these two would not have anything cut out. It would be the whole thing shown, because there is nothing to cut out that is bad enough to even bother anyone.Like I said its like watching TV-14 movie on the big screen. I hated this film. Annabelle Wallis can not act to save her life and  should retire from the film industry immediately. Could you of acted  any more pathetic and wooden love? I guess as long as your good looks  gets you film roles you've got a good thing going haven't you, and the  fact you're the niece of Richard Harris. Nepotism is alive and well in  the industry.  Onto the film-utter garbage. "Call an ambulance". Yeh, don't tell her  to call the 'cops', you've only just gone round your neighbours and the  guy has only just stabbed his wife.   I can't even be bothered to fully critique this film, it just doesn't  deserve it. It is so utterly predictable and infuriating to watch. It  doesn't deserve anyones time, let alone money. It is pure drivel from  start to finish.  This is a cash in film made for...you guessed it, stealing your money  and patience.  Don't believe me? Go right ahead and watch this sad excuse of a film  and tell me how you feel afterwards. *sighs* Just when you thought they were going in a positive direction in horror movies after The Conjuring. This. Is a biiiiiiiig step backwards. James Wan and Leigh Whannel's involvement in this flick was limited to only as producers rather than screenwriters and directors as they did The Conjuring. Yeah, you can see the problem can you?So, the story. A wife and husband are living in a house and the wife is pregnant and is only days away from giving birth. Suddenly, the wife is attacked by crazy people who are part of a cult that are influenced by an evil force. An evil force that seems to be coming from—you guessed it, Annabelle the doll. The mother then gives birth to their baby and as the doll stays with the family, more and more supernatural incidents occur.Oh man, where do I begin with this? First of all, that's not even what the doll looks like in real life. Google it and see what how inaccurate it is. And the biggest problem of all? These jump scares are SO clichéd and so predictable, it is nowhere near entertaining in the least. The characters aren't even that interesting or not event that intelligent. I know people have to be stupid in horror flicks, but they are so dim-witted, you can't get behind them. ESPECIALLY the husband. Oh GOD, he is so absent minded, you just want to smack the hell out of him and yell "GET A CLUE!". And the design of the doll is so over exaggerated, it comes off as corny. And that's another problem: They place the doll next to the crib of the baby and seeing how (unnecessarily, mind you) creepy enough as it looks, why would they place it next to their child?! No normal functioning person would find this doll charming or cute! That thing is nightmare fuel! And on another note, the writing is awful. REALLY awful. There's one scene where the wife just randomly says out loud what's going on. Like, "oh no! There's got to be another way! I have to find another way!". What, is she narrating a comic book?!The film falls really hard because unlike The Conjuring, where they heavily relied on atmosphere to build up the suspense until the scare itself in a clever way, they just throw in jump scares in your face over and over. And they're SO repetitive. It's one of those scares when it's a fake-out and then five seconds later, BAM it happens. Tired of it? Don't worry, there's like 50 others to sit through.Ugh. So yeah, this is just another horror movie with nothing to offer, nothing to be entertained by and nothing to remember. The characters are idiots, the script is clumsily written, the scares are mundane, and the plot is clichéd to the bone. You want a good scare? Read the actual stories behind Annabelle. They are actually really eerie. So, if you're looking for creativity and scary fun, skip it and be more afraid of Barbie dolls. After watching this low budget movie i felt i had been ripped off by the dollars I've paid to watch this. Not only is it boring, the protagonist acting is sooo 'wooden' more wooden than the ugly hideous Annabelle doll. There are sooo many loopholes, and i am wondering why the couple just don't burn the doll and dance around the bonfire. There were too many occasions in which Mia failed to look after Leah as one would expect a terrified mother to do. The main character has no expressions of fear and why did she decide to keep the doll after it was found at the bottom of the box in her new place? overall silly and lousy show. Please give me my money back. It was a very disappointing experience.. I went to the cinema (haven't gone there for a long time) and I was very excited to see Annabelle after seeing The Conjuring. The movie lacks a consistent story or script. The only thing that could scare you are the sounds, nothing more. I like to watch a good scary movie with a nice, or at least plausible or appealing story. The story behind this doll and all that demons' stuff does not make sense even for a terror movie.Fell really short of expectations.. I am still thinking about the time and money spent on this whole movie experience If you haven't already seen the movie "Annabelle" please do not go! I knew better than to open my mind to such a movie, but for the thrill of a scare I went last night. This movie is extremely sacrilegious. It saddens me to know that millions of people who may not realize it are being deceived. God warns us of false prophets be careful the media has a lot of subliminal messages out there. For instance in the movie...Evil triumphs over good...a priest claims he does not know what to do to help a family (this insults the power of God)...but the problem ends up being solved by a woman who sacrifices her soul to the devil...after doing so the movie starts quoting scripture from the bible to say that this is the ultimate sacrifice and that Jesus demonstrates this by sacrificing his life on the cross....I'm sorry but that is trickery, you do not win by sacrificing your soul to devil...he wins and that's what he wants. and Jesus did not sacrifice his soul to the devil either.. DUH! and yes I probably just spoiled the movie for some out there but to me I could not just sit here and be quiet about this. This is disturbing how scripture was twisted to make people think that losing your soul to the devil is a way to win over evil...I'm sickened. ALSO If you have not paid attention to several movies that have released in the past couple of years, the time is now to start looking into it deeper. Movies such as the hunger games, the purge, the purge 2, Annabelle, the conjuring, and a new one about the Quija board coming out...These movies are the devils way of desensitizing the population to pure evil. It's normal and entertaining now to see murder, demons..just evil. To me hunger games (yes it's a fantastic movie) but it's a clear warning of what is to come...(The chip implanted in their arms, a rich wealthy controlling govt., with people who have nothing, made to fight and to sacrifice innocent lives of children). The Purge, pay ATTENTION...the flowers they put in their yards that they support the purge but do not wish to participate..sound familiar (the passover, blood over the doorways) Also a higher twisted Govt. in behind all of the evil doings, the poor people being killed off first. Not only that this movie subliminally plants the seed that people may not realize...Most of the people in the Purge 2 that suffer are African American, Most of the people purging(killing) are white...This instills racism in people. Fighting amongst races is not what God intends for us. But seeing enough of this subliminally will corrupt the mind whether you want it to or not. And for that reason it is important to know what not to subject yourself to. If people are too caught up on fighting amongst each other and not coming together then we become blinded and miss the bigger picture...and lets face it we can't afford to do that. As far as the conjuring, Annabelle, Ouija...these movies promote exactly what they are about...Summoning spirits, demons etc. It frightens me that this has become entertainment. It's dangerous, it's not fun and games...It is real, God is real, the devil/demons are real. If you entertain it, act upon it, you will get what you are looking for and that just might be the lose of an eternal life that God promises us. I'm sorry this is so long but I had to take a minute to rant a little. People wake up! The whole movie created with a single idea, and for this you don't need 1 hour 30 mins of time.
Seriously boring to watch. Pros:
1. The wide shots create good tension as it gives the viewer a lot to focus on thus keeping you on your toes.
2. The sound-mixing is decent and it does its best to induce suspense and horror.Cons:
1. The score is overbearing and it tries to force tension but it ends up being highly annoying.
2. The Demonic Figure's (Joseph Bishara) existence adds nothing to the story and is nonsensical.
3. The jump-scares are poorly placed and executed.
4. Mia (Annabelle Wallis) decides to get rid of the Annabelle doll at the old house because of the cult murder it was linked to, but then she randomly retracts her ill-feelings towards the doll in the new house with little to no explanation.
5. The plot is highly repetitive as nothing of any worth happens and is inundated with cheap lazy scares.
6. The character of John (Ward Horton) is barely fleshed out and he could have been killed off early into the film as he does virtually nothing. And the character of Evelyn (Alfre Woodard) is clearly just inserted to pseudo-intellectually waffle on about spirits, and to make sure none of the main characters die.
7. The editing is over-the-top at times with the lighting flashing in a haywire manner, or with slow-motion needlessly thrown in.
8. The dialogue is often clunky, especially when it tries to desperately sound ominous and scary.
9. Annabelle Wallis' performance ranges from distractingly underwhelming, to obnoxiously overwhelming. 