Someone remembers the movie Skeleton Key (2005, with Kate Hudson!)!? Well, Get Out is basically the same plot, whereas in Skeleton Key the transferring of the soul or whatever is done with black magic in Skeleton Key a neurosurgical procedure gets the job done. So the plot is mostly (besides the well-done clash of black and white folks culture) a copy cat (as Skeleton Key plays in the deep South we got also a little of the element of black/white culture contrasting).If I would have to choose one of both movies for a cinematic night I would watch Skeleton Key again - the dark atmosphere is far more superior and the suspense also. Also, the end is far more delicate.Get Out has some strong points - good actors, good production and especially the strange circumstances and the growing paranoia of our hero are well done. On the other side, the movie has some weak points too - imo the (re)solution is hasty done, also there are some (important) mistakes - how our hero got the stuff into his ears, as he was bound to the chair!? And the brother didn't see the stuff in his ears - he was clearly checking if the "sheep" is asleep and knocked out. Also didn't our bad girl see (in darkness!) the blitz of the phone - she should know that the possession/control or whatever of the host is broken, so she would never give the gun to her "grandfather". Also the comedy- element is a mixed up experience - some of the subtle comedy elements I liked, tiresome for me was the black buddy stuff cliché: comedy Kitsch zillion times done before - it was (partly) funny with Eddie Murphy in the 80s and maybe you got away with it in the 90s but now...And whereas a good horror-movie mostly has a bad end for the hero (Kate Hudson loses in a certain, surprising kind of way the struggle for her life), the director didn't have the guts to make a "good" end - ofc our hero should be shot by a cop or ride the electrical chair. Why!? Because the mad comrades of our good evil family would ofc "delete" all pieces of evidence of crime there will be just one solution left - our black guy would be sentenced for mass murder, or who would believe his story, as many "decent" white folks would testify against him!? Btw - isn't that the point of a racist society!? ;)This p.c.-ending is imo too much of fishing for compliments or sucking up to the common mainstream agenda - and a good horror movie should everything but be p.c.In short - I was entertained and I like many aspects of the movie (especially all the actors), but in my horror collection Get Out won't make it into the top 100, maybe top 250 but even that's not for sure. The script/the story just is not good enough. Get Out: a little "horror" snack (the horror-elements are just a few, it's more a comedy and thriller). Not more but no less. Because all this biased overrating I rated 1, my real rate is 5.note:imo the political agenda or bias of many of the reviewers and the votings (with black actors as main characters) is ridiculous - masterpieces like Blade Runner got a rating of 8.2 or Apocalypse Now one of 8.5 and Get Out got 8.1... I've become accustomed to subtract 2 to up to 3 points (deciding if I watch or not) if a black actor is involved as the main character(s) - not because of racism but because the ratings are f***ed up and I can't trust them (like all those fake reviews and ratings in the beginning of any movie initiated by the studios) - Get Out is just another proof of this hysteria. A rip off of The Skeleton Key. The fact that Peele stood there at the Academy Awards all emotional in his speech, acting like he wrote the script is ridiculous. Universal made both pictures, that's why there's no plagiarism law suit. It's a good story (TSK is a much better movie though) and with the gender and ethnicity of the main characters switched (white girl vs black family doing vodoo in the Skeleton Key) and after Oscars So White, it hit the Zeitgeist. That's fine. But Best ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY for Peele? What a joke.... In this era of disposable entertainment where we have no cultural memory (and, I fear, no cultural future), and people are living only for the next best thing, is there no one who recognizes that this movie is almost a head-on remake of Ira Levin's The Stepford Wives (1975)? Substitute racism for sexism and mix liberally, no credit given to the original author. The fact that not even the Academy could recognize the wholly derivative plot shows how far we have fallen as a moviegoing public. In all likelihood, even Jordan Peale probably believes he wrote an original script. He didn't. And that's what's terrifying about Get Out. There is no way this movie could have a rating over 6. There is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING NEW in this movie, no new concept, a fest of cliches, even the twist was almost a copy of another movie "Skeleton Key", which I did not enjoy even. And if a movie calls its own genre "thriller" or "horror", then the movie should keep some level of atmosphere, to make the audience tense up to some point. Not saying that the atmosphere was even there, it was made even worse by inserting some random jokes in between the movies, which of course wasn't even humorous. And the character development was the worst thing in this movie, as some character shows passionate caring attitude and all of the sudden he/she turns into a complete psychopath. It was so abrupt that he/she would even change the way he/she speaks to a person that's not even supposed to know something happened. One of the key evidence that this movie was made without brains.  Let's just be honest. The movie makers only cared about making profit. Mixing horror, comedy, and not forgetting to insert white-is-evil rich-is-evil theme inside with a black person as main, so that you can call all negative reviewers "racist" (and sorry, I'm not even white). Then using some way to make people spam positive reviews, most of them which I highly doubt even saw the movie. I honestly think more effort, money was spent on making positive reviews rather than the movie itself. Hence the "low budget" movie. This movie is absolute garbage. The only acting worth mentioning is the main character's and the overall plot seems to be written by an angry black teenager. The "racism" theme you find here isnt anything related to the real world like 12 Years a Slave or Django Unchained. I have no idea what granted Peele an Oscar for this film. Ive seen B movies much better than this and seeing someone go from comedy to Director you'd be 100 times better off watching A Quiet Place directed by John Krasinski. This movie left me feeling annoyed in the fact that ive wasted money and time on it; even The Emoji Movie is more entertaining than Get Out.
Save yourself and read a synopsis and skip the actual watching part. 0/10 if i could give it. This has got to be one of the most OVER-RATED crappy movies that I have ever seen...100% on Rotton Tomatoes basically tells me that someone has either been paid quite a bit of money to buy a bogus review...Or somebody has sold their soul to the devil...Daniel Kaluuya And LilRel Howery Were The Only Good Elements To This Stupid Movie...Daniel's acting was good...And Lilrel Howery was actually quite funny...Plus I did like the revelation surrounding the lead character's girlfriend...The fact that his girlfriend was using herself as bait to lure people into this (so-called) nightmare was a very nice twist...Other then that...This movie is idiotic and stupid...First of all...The main character was an idiot...Because once he realized that snapping a picture with his cell phone would bring black people back to reality...He could have had himself a lot more backup...So he gets the moron of the year award for that alone...And then there's the most pathetic excuse of a so-called surprise twist ending that many fans actually enjoyed...The ending to me felt more like an offensive punchline to a very dumb joke...Putting old white people's brains into the bodies of black people so that the superior white minds can control/possess the bodies of black people with superior body genetics..??Even Adolf Hitler would have found this idea to be extremely stupid and moronic...Combine Hitler's idea of creating a master race...With that old concept: "If you can't beat em, join em"...And you got this stupid movie...I can't wait for the inevitable backlash that this movie is gonna get in the long run...That's what I'm hoping for anyway...Because Either I Have Bad Taste In Movies...Or Everyone Else Does...Because "Get Out" Sucked...And That's All There Is Too It... Really disappointed. Totally predictable movie. Some parts really dumb, like the one at the police station when all agents laughed.
In short, this movie is a waste of time. This movie has the worst plot I've ever seen in a horror movie. It's right there with all the Jeepers Creepers movies. The fact that white people want to use black people for their own personal happiness is what really gets me. This is seriously the highlight of the movie. Somehow all white people want to use black people for their bodies. Another form of slavery with a terrible horrible film twist. Not only is this premise terrible overall, its very unbelievable. A skinny tall flat chested/ no butt white woman seduces black men and takes them home to become her parents experiments. And somehow no one goes out to look for their black family members. No one cares. People just go missing after dating a white chick and no one cares. Oh yeah at the end of this movie, the black guy someone how survives and his friend comes to his rescue in a cop car. His friend wasn't even a police officer, he worked in an airport. This movie is a complete WASTE OF TIME! It sucks Can't think of a good reason to recommend this.A black guy visited his white girlfriend's family estate only to discover the family's dark secret. What would happen? Could he survive? That premise drew me to this movie.The movie seemed suspenseful, but concluded poorly. As the dark secret unfolded, I noticed some similarities in concept between a movie released over 10 years ago and this one. After I finished watching this one, I realized that a movie released over 10 years ago could wipe the floor with this one. That movie released 10 years ago is called The Skeleton Key.The Skeleton Key has a perfectly dark ending, whereas this movie has a happy and funny one. Happy ending? OK. But being hilarious is a big Nono. It completely ruined the horror built up during the first 1 hour of the movie! What is the point of having the black police officer coming to Chris' rescue? What is the point of having this funny character in the first place? The movie would have been 10 times better without him!Instead, the ending the audience got was rushed and underwhelming. The black police officer out of nowhere appeared and rescued Chris. When asked how he had found Chris, he simply said he had relied on transportation network to track Chris. Situation handled! Really? How funny.Perhaps the filmmaker ran out of ideas and didn't even know how to conclude the movie. Personally, I would have loved to see a dark ending. The white police officer who appeared earlier in the movie would arrive and arrest Chris. Rosy lying on the ground with gunshot wound in her belly would scream for help, framing Chris for murder. After all, Chris touched the gun and his fingerprints were on it. The movie wished to express the oppression of black people in a white society, right? Chris getting locked up and prosecuted would suit the theme perfectly. Nobody would believe his story. The ending would be even better if Rosy was rescued and set free, continuing to ensnare black people for her cult white secret society's harvest and sacrifice. Wouldn't that have been darker, more logical and exciting?The current ending is awful. It completely ruins the story. This movie is awarded 1 star for decent acting. Recognized the lead from Black Mirror. He's really good. Seriously, when I watched this, it had an 8.1 rating. I wonder why. I mean, has this movie been watched only by people who have never seen classics before? The acting is not natural, the story line is incomplete on all accounts and the entire movie is totally predictable. It's a combination of a couple of movies combined. But the story line is as unoriginal as the title itself. And then suddenly the story switches from the friend point of view, where it seems to want to become a comedy, but it never really does. This is not a horror movie. Seriously, it is insulting to all horror movies ever made to be called a movie in that genre. It is a thriller with some horror filled seconds at the most. It is never scary, it is never really keeping you on the edge of your chair. And on top of that, it's never believable. Especially the 'transplant' part. I mean, hello, it was about hypnosis, remember, and why all the white people want their brain cut in half or something and become a different race. How does it work keeping both identities alive? The other black men and women seem to just be in some kind of trance but who's inside? the husband of the older woman? and did she pick him for being a hot young black man, or what? I notice it irritates me to write this actually. it's badly written and directed, racist and stereotypical and just misguiding of genres. Want to see a good movie? Want to save some precious time in your life? Then watch anything but this. This movie is sort of mocking liberal elite who love black to an obsessive level and yet most of the positive review for this movie are by white guys who think anything made by black people is gold. The movie is not scary it lacks tension Jordan Peele should go back to writing terrible sketch shows on un-comedy central. For instance most scenes where the main character is under duress he is constantly narrating giving out exposition so the audience can understand rather than let the scene flow naturally like something a film student from kansas and they don't even have a film school, film is about motion and visuals not dialogue if you want that go read a book. Everyone who is white in this film acts like a weirdo jerk for the most part and the main character doesn't pick up on this until near the end of the movie because he's an idiot and if he wasn't the plot wouldn't work. Jump scares don't make something scary any idiot on youtube and windows movies maker can make a jump scare. Does it have any meaning? No. Does it make a horror movie good? No. Don't rely on jumpscares to make your movie even remotely scary because it's just momentary and after a few times the effect wears thin and just gets annoying. You should create an atmosphere slow build up the horror make the music tense, or have no music at all just silence with graphic imagery, visually stimulation, or dark and foreboding. There are many ways to make a horror movie scary jumpscares and stupid characters aren't one of them. This film is more of crime drama with some fantasy elements and a blatant political message anyway. If I go to see a horror movie I don't want to be hit over the head with a political agenda if you're going to that at least be subtle about so it doesn't ruin the film make it a black mess. Long story short the black guy kills all the white people and when the cops show up doesn't get arrested is hailed a hero and his fat ugly friend who is a ringer for peele jokes about how stupid and evil white people are. THE END People raved about this movie so much that we were actually really excited to see it (and I love Key & Peele, so I figured it would be creative and well executed.) But to our disappointment, this movie was awful. Overall, it was just really basic and tried to twist old horror themes into something different under the guise of something unique, while being way over-directed, forcing social themes which were largely inorganic to the plot, and presenting several holes in the overall logic of the story that made it hard to "buy in" at any point in the movie. I'd really hoped this would be a chilling thriller that would keep me on the edge of my seat, but we were barely able to finish it. I can't believe the high score on this film. I'm a massive film fan and this is one of my favorite genres so trust me when I say this is very very overrated. The humor falls short and it is not scary in the slightest. Let's be honest, this is the same propaganda that is in the news right now with the black lives matter and Trump rubbish. This is highly irresponsible and offensive to any white person and if the film was the other way around with whites and blacks then there would be a massive backlash. How many films now play the race or sexism card now?! This film is a blatant rip off of Skeleton Key but Skeleton Key is actually a good film so ignore all the reviews on this film cause I can't help but think it just mirrors the sad state of the victim mentality and racism that is all the rage right now. Avoid!! How could the press call this film a "masterpiece"????I'm hallucinating when I read the good comments... this film was bad. The script was empty, the actors. ... my god... everything sucked, actually. for starters this movie is absolute Garbage. WARNING: might contain spoilers. this is probably the most racist movie I have seen so far. 1 a black man with a white girlfriend goes to visit the girl's white family is classified as HORROR film. 2. "too many white ppl makes me nervous". 3 black ppl are depict as violent individual. 4. the black guys friend works for TSA. 5.white ppl wants black ppl for all sorts of slavery related tasks. if this movie was directed by a white guy chances are the number of lawsuits have skyrocketed to be the historical movie with the most lawsuits. Get Out, no really, Get out...So, I went to see the movie Get Out with some friends yesterday. We had a choice between Leggo Batman and Get Out, and we chose Get Out. We're still arguing about who should be blamed for that choice. They list it as a horror. What they don't tell you is that the horror is that someone would even make this movie. I've never seen any of Jordan Peele's movies before this. I will spend the rest of my life trying to avoid ever seeing one of his movies again. The thing strives to be one of those Sixth Sense "What a twist!" movies, but the so called twists are so obvious, unrealistic and just flat out lame that you find yourself rolling your eyes in the dark and just praying that no more twists are coming. And they always are. If you were to take the racial premise in this movie and reverse it, there would be pickets and riots. But apparently it's perfectly acceptable to have a white people are evil and black people are good movie. Just for the record, I'm only part white. But I'm fully offended by the premise of this movie, not to mention in the clumsy and lazy execution that doesn't bother to try to make its plot points make any sense. To be fair, the trailer to Get Out does hint that this could either be a very good movie or one of the worse that you've ever seen. It comes far close to the latter and is too lazy to ever even approach the former possibility. This movie really does suck. It sucks despite some very good actors, including Catherine Keener, who has been superb in indie films like Your Friends and Neighbors and Bradley Whitford, an Aaron Sorkin favourite. The lead actor Daniel Kaluuya was even in the wonderful British series The Fades and Skins. And yet the net result, the only result is just flat out stupid and predictable. Maybe the title, Get Out, is meant as a warning to any potential audience. But probably not. That would require too much effort and self awareness. But the rest of us can try to help each other out in these days when going to the movies is more expensive in most places than drugs, and gives you far less pleasure. When in comes to Get Out, please, please, for your own stakes... Stay out... Go see Leggo Batman. I haven't seen it. But I wish I had. One of the most obvious examples of critics and Hollywood overhyping a movie simply for the sake of diversity. Did not deserve any of the praise and seemed more suited to be a syfy channel/Netflix TV movie. I wonder if I can press charges against Jordan Peele, for ROBBING me of 104 minutes?There's nothing new, or refreshing about this horrible "movie". It's no better than a WWII Nazi propaganda film. There's no "social commentary" in this atrocious excuse of a movie, BUT it's definitely riddled with racist agitprop. It's like an SJW's version of Orwell's ANIMAL FARM..."Black people gooood...white people baaaad!". Instead of creating a film that would help revitalize a quickly stagnating genre, Jordan Peele has created nothing more than a piece of propagating filth. Rather than trying to make a film showing the unity of the human race, he drives a wedge of contention between the races...further fueling bigotry, and hate. It's pompousness, and arrogance that strokes the flames, NOT genius. If I could rate this drivel less than 1, I would. Stay far, far away from this!!! I would really like to understand what some people saw in this crappy movie? I am a big fan of horror movies but this one was a complete waste of time. Thank God I didn't see this in the cinema. A Black man named Chris goes with his White girlfriend Rose to visit her rich parents in the country. Chris finds tension in the situation. The White people are too ingratiating (Obama was the greatest president ever). The few Black people aren't ghetto enough (shaking hands instead of fist bumping).Rose's mother is an expert hypnotist who puts Chris under just by tapping her spoon on a saucer. Rose has lured Chris there so that rich White people can bid on his Black body. Rose's father is a neurosurgeon who attempts to transplant some old, blind, White guy's brain into Chris' body. Chris foils the hypnosis by stuffing cotton into his ears. He basically kills all the evil White people.Get Out is just a mediocre grade B thriller with a political axe to grind that tapped into the current anti-White zeitgeist. It really isn't clever. Or creative. Or even entertaining. Much of it doesn't make sense. Why is the hypnosis even necessary? Why not just drug the Black victims in preparation for the neurosurgery? Once the victim's brain has been replaced, how can their consciousness still be present as a "passenger"? Why did Rose's grandparents want to be servants after they commandeered the Black bodies? Why choose Black people specifically for the transplants? Wouldn't the old, decrepit, White people want to have a young, White body so that they could keep their White privilege?Get Out is an insight into the confused psyche of Writer/Director Jordan Peele. Paranoia and narcissism. White people want to enslave Black people because of envy. From the words of the blind guy that wanted Chris' body : Black people are faster, stronger, and cooler than Whites. Inversion of reality. Blacks live in a constant state of fear of repression and violence at the hands of Whites. Crime statistics show the opposite to be the truth.If you want an example of what a sorry state that present day Hollywood is in, this film was actually nominated for best picture. What a truly sad waste of time?
Social commentary? Not even close.
Social preaching to a progressive delusional audience?
Apparently there is a market for such drivel based on the sanctimonious preaching in many of the pontificating '10's' posted here.
Gave it every chance.... but they kept digging a political hole deeper and deeper leaving entertainment to die a painful death here.
Peele has done so much better.
This..... truly the worst of his 'message movies'.... deserves no further mention.... ever. I saw the movie after the rave reviews it was getting online. A nearly 8 IMDB rating on a horror movie which has the portrayal of racism as its key theme doesn't happen often. As a horror movie fan, I knew that I couldn't miss this. However, it turned out to be a major disappointment.I found it very difficult to watch this movie after the first 30 minutes. I already knew what was going to happen and the movie takes no pains to move away from cookie cutter horror tropes. The scene in which Rod reports to the police that Chris was missing was so cringe-worthy that I had to open my phone in order to pretend that I was not watching/ hearing this. This happened several times during the movie and was the only way I could get through the movie. But seriously, do you expect police officers to laugh at you when you file a missing person complaint without verifying any details? seriously?I don't remember being scared for a single moment in the movie - and I am quite willing to get scared while watching movies. The ending is as expected - the man gets his revenge and kills the entire family.Aside from its reasonably decent storyline of a black man in the process of being subjugated by white people, the movie had few things to offer. Some of the dialogues such as the white men talking about Tiger Woods, Obama etc were good but they are few and far between. I don't think this movie is going to stand the test of time. ... and did it better. The 2005 horror/thriller starring Kate Hudson, Gena Rowlands, John Hurt and Peter Sarsgaard brings atmospheric dread to the body-switching genre, complete with voodoo, an antebellum mansion and the swamps of Louisiana. Yes, there are black characters and white characters and elements of racism in the old south (black servants are hanged and burned in front of rowdy 1920s party guests in one scene). But unlike "Get Out," "The Skeleton Key" doesn't overthink it or try to be socially or politically provocative. Here the black-white roles are reversed, but not in the way you might think. It tells a story, a downright scary one. The characters bring on the chills with aplomb, and the ending is a stunner. So this is a good movie and what not people said except ITS NOT. The Stepford Wives was more scary and thrilling than this. Minute one you get the feeling that some is going on here. Also if you go full on thriller then don't try to put jokes in. The ending - "I told you not to go. How did you found me? I'm TS. Consider this situation handled". Seriously. This is some pathetic jokes like Onion movie etc. A parody movie of some other movie. That Rod guy went to the cops and what did the lady cop do - no reaction. Maybe she forgot that she was a cop and not a slave in the Armitidge's house. I'm telling you all not to watch this movie or at least lower your expectations because its not what you thought it would be. The music is suited but didn't gave me chills, the hypnosis part I thought would be more subtle and not just tell him to sit down and begin the process, jokes weren't that funny (I would say better no jokes at all considering what movie this is) and when they were used is just a totally different story. Yesterday I watched Gone girl and if you want stuff you expected here you will get them in that movie. I'm not a fan of that movie too but its better than this one. It was not scary at all. Not one single time. nothing new in this movie. a house, weird people, he Kills all...end of the Story. I liked the acting bit that's it. 