I don't know what people were expecting. I hadn't read the books before seeing the movie and I am assuming that maybe this was a good thing. I enjoyed the film. I do not agree with the lack of chemistry either. There was a weird chemistry which I believe made sense because of the unusual relationship. He is an odd character and she is intimidated and is also very innocent therefore it isn't going to be the usual sexual chemistry that you would find in a romantic film. A lot of people have said there was not enough sex or it was not raunchy enough. Firstly, if there were any more sex scenes it would have got quite boring, and instead we got to see a bit of a story line. Also there is only so much that they can show in a film, surely? What were people expecting? Also one final point in relation to the comments I have seen regarding the film giving S&M a bad name; I don't agree. This is a specific story about one guy who is into specific things and goes about things a particular way. It was all consensual (and it is made clear that it must be). The whole point of the story is that Christian Grey's sexual desires are confusing for Anatasia to understand and that the relationship is quite complicated due to their mutual feelings for each other. I have also seen comments that this film is sexist and degrades women. This film does not promote that at all it merely shows a story of someone who practises in S&M and in this instance the man is the dominant. She has a choice as to whether she wants to engage in this and the film does not say "this is okay" and "woman should do this". The character was not forced to do anything. I do not get why people feel the need to accuse films of implying or portraying such things.Obviously this film is not perfect and there are things that could have been better but I enjoyed this film and personally would recommend it to others. I can get quite bored in films but I was not bored at all, I have paid more to see films that are A LOT worse than this.I was a little hesitant when I decided to go watch the movie, since in my opinion most movies made from books lack a lot of scenes that are originally in the book. Jamie and Dakota have a palpable connection, despite other negative reviews (another reason why I was doubting this movie), cinematography was great, and over all this movie was if not completely then very close to what I was expecting after reading the books. Right after leaving the movie theater I wanted to go back and watch it again, it leaves you wanting to know more about Christian Grey, even when you've already read the books. I'm looking forward to the next one and I recommend you watch this one and don't listen to all the negative reviews. I loved it!This movie is really not as bad as everyone is making it out to be. Many voters haven't even seen it and others have hated it before they saw it.I was so focused on the book the first time I saw it that I didn't really appreciate the movie for what it was. Then a friend dragged me in for a second viewing and I knew what to expect. I was very surprised because it wasn't as bad as I thought the first time.No, it is not a masterpiece. And it's missing many scenes from the book - a book that was terribly written and originally was a Twilight fanfic (which still pains me),but had a good story. This is the story, they should focus on.The sex scenes were not necessary to that extent and they should have cut it short. Dakota Johnson was not my favorite choice for Ana Steele. She's not tiny enough. But I found her actually very fun and quite good. Jamie Dornan was a good Christian for me, though many do not agree. A few times his accent slipped, but other than that he did a very good job. Sadly the script didn't give Jamie and Dakota much room to explore their roles. It was too shallow so I applaud them for doing it so well.But a few casting choices were not so good. Elliot was not a sweet, hot lady killer, but looked more like a creepy drug dealer. Kate was not gorgeous enough and Grace (Christians mom) was too young.All the criticism for being anti feminism is something I don't understand. We start out with seeing a girl who doesn't have any self-esteem and lets everyone walk all over her. Then she meets a man who gives her confidence to stand up for herself. She finds her own inner strength. Also, there's no rape between Ana and Christian, not in the movie nor the book.Many from the BDSM community complains that the book makes it seem that you can only be into BDSM if you have psychological problems. It isn't true. Ana discovers that she likes it too and that 'it isn't the how that was wrong. It was the why'. There's nothing wrong with liking BDSM, but it is wrong if you do it to punish and work out your personal problems. I think it's sad that the movie has such a bad rating on IMDb because it's not terrible. Many horrible movies have better ratings so it's obviously because of the hype that many don't like the movie (or the books for that matter).Go watch the movie without expectations. You'd be surprised.Well, I read all three books. The first two book is kinda filled with lots of steamy stuff but third book is more interesting. Me and my fiancé had a chance to go at a pre-screening of the movie. And to tell you the truth, this is probably 98% match with the book. People complain no matter what. "It's not like the book...blah blah...Oh, its like the book. No new material..." But I say, this is not everyone's cup of tea. I like it because it has sensuality. People think this movie promotes violence. I don't see any violence in here and neither does my fiancé. These are acts of two adult, consenting to perform BDSM. It is not full on torture to mean and hurt anyone. Again, its not for everyone. So if you don't like it. Stay away of it rather than putting negative comments and confusing people. I understand this can be new to some people and be little uncomfortable but that's what everything new is going to be like. So, I liked the movie and enjoyed it even though lots of nakedness. But, hey this is the 50 shades of Grey!I loved the book to movie adaptation; overall the movie is basically just like the book. There were a few scenes that had to be left out but there was no way they could translate the entire book into the movie. The sex scenes were tastefully done. IMO if people like the book they will like the movie. Dakota did an amazing job of portraying every facet of Ana. Dakota did an amazing job of portraying every facet of Ana. I am a huge Charlie Hunnam fan, actually he is the reason I finally gave in and read the books, I was upset when he backed out and doubted at first Jamie being castHOWEVER after seeing the moving, Jamie is Christian, he brought the stiff, standoffish, cold, older in manner than years Christian from book1 to life, I could see his struggles with realizing he actually felt real emotions about a woman, the struggle with changing for her, staying away from her. Honestly, after watching the movie I can't see anyone else as Christian or Ana. In book 2, Fifty Shades Darker, Christian really starts to evolve and we learn more about him and I can't wait to see Jamie bring FSD Christian to life. The ending had me in tears and I went home and immediately started a re-read of book 2 Fifty Shades Darker. Applause to Jamie Dornan, Dakota Johnson, Sam Taylor-Johnson, Kelly Marcel, EL James and the entire cast and crew for bring Fifty Shades of Grey to life in such a splendid, classy, funny, sexy manner!!! Bring on Darker and Freed!!!!Fifty shades of grey, was actually a good movie. i don't know why people say the opposite, but i really enjoyed watching it.To be clear, i haven't read the book,so i can not compare the book to the movie, i do not know if there were scenes that were not shown in the movie or if there was deterioration of the characters of the book,etc etc.Its a romantic story, of a girl who falls in love with grey, but he is dealing with his own demons (he is fifty shades of f*cked up), as he calls himself, unable to love unable to be touched, he only wants to rule,be the dominate male, and has this playgrounf to feed his appetite. Anna, falls inlove with him, she tries her best to understand him, tries to please him by doing all that he wants, but in the end she cannot handle it anymore and leaves. Gray does not want her to leave, he has feelings for her, he does not want to accept the fact that anna is changing him.As i said, it is an interesting movie, with a nice plot and romance, the erotica scenes, were not disturbing to me, there where well played so as not to make it look like a porn movie.I saw this film on Valentine's weekend, And as all book to film situations the film lacks the description, and this book holds a lot of description especially where fueling imagination goes. The film always had a lot to live up to. But i think they did it well. A few of the scenes jumped through quite quickly without explaining what was happening so I'm hoping maybe when they release the DVD there will be some uncut scenes added or bonus scenes. I think you understand Ana quite well but you miss some of Christians Depth, and how he really feels about Ana. But overall i really did enjoy it, the scenes played well, and were a lot more raunchy than i was expecting. And very funny in places. A great start to the series. I think most people love the second book more so hopefully more detail next time please.As for Jamie and Dakota, I think they had all the chemistry there, and did it really well. I think the script was more lacking than the actors playing them.The directing was great and the overall look and feel of the film was great. i think the book to film sets were exactly as they should of been, and felt they kept true to the books.Great film did exactly what it said on the tin :)I feel like everyone who is writing all these reviews are people who haven't seen the movie and are just saying it "sucks" because of everything they've heard. I read the books and loved them and I told my friends to go watch the movie with me. One of my friends heard there was "rape" and all this other BS. There's no rape, no abuse, nothing. It was all consensual. The movie itself was really good they followed the book and got most of the key points and there was also a little comedy in there! So don't listen to these stupid reviews and watch it because apart from all the moms it was amazing, I really hope they make fifty shades darker soon because my standards are really high now3.6.Is that even possible?The movie was really good ,not great but really good.It really exceeded my expectations ,of course that some parts of the movie should appear on the screen ,but that was the choice of the director and I agree with what has been done.When I arrive to the cinema , my mind was boiling and my heart was pounding really fast(maybe some people will considerer it ridiculous).But when it starts was a really joy to see it.Also,the actors made a really good job ,specially Jamie and Dakota(the others basically didn't have to much to say). However,I don't know how I will wait more 2 years for the next movie ,since I read all the three books just a couple months ago and the second book was my favourite.This time my expectations will be even more high,because we will see a different side of Christian ,more tender,romantic and generous man .Maybe Spoilers here!I went to see the movie today and was a little afraid after seeing the rating. But as a hardcore Fifty Shades of Grey fan I was ready to jump in and give it a try.So I will be quick with my points~ Dakota Johnson..Stunning..she was cute..charming...and classy she brought Anastasia Steele to life in front of me just the way I had pictured her from reading the 3 books.~ Jamie Dornan...yes his accent came through sometimes but I didn't notice it enough to make a big deal of it like some people are seeming to. His acting to me was great, his body language perfect, his look is amazing, he is a stunning man and a great actor. Too me he was intense, intimidating and kept me begging for me. ~ The sex...was wow...kept me on my seats. I was a little afraid about seeing the red room in person and I thought they did it tastefully and to me it wont scare away people who have not read the books. ~ Chemistry...who says they don't have Chemistry? or that the actors hate each other? You even see in the interview where they said Jamie would cover her up, they obviously have to care about each other and I never see any bad vibes between. Their chemistry in the movie was great, something most women are gonna be dreaming of having.~ It followed the books perfectly without being boring. They added their own flare to scenes to keep it from feeling like it was read straight out of the book.~ The ending was done just the way I imagined, it leaves us open and wanting for the 2nd film especially for anyone who hasn't read the books. My mother went with my group and she has never read a page of the books. But she left the theater wanting to know when the 2nd movie was coming out so she could know what happens to them. ~ I expected there to be many haters of this movie, and its not going to be every ones cup of tea but I believe that its going in the right direction and the 2nd and 3rd movie will have more variety as anyone who has read the books knows where the plot goes. We can focus on romance/sex/ and then add some action in there and suspense.~ I love Dakota and Jamie. I hope they don't go through reading these and be to hard on themselves. They did a great job, so let them ignore the crap reviews and realize the real fans are here to support them!! <3 <3 <3