I like, but don't love, musicals - my DVD shelves contain a selection, but the stuff there is pretty obvious: Singing in the Rain, King and I, Wizard of Oz, Moulin Rouge etc.. I'm not a Meryl Streep fan - I admire her craft, but mostly haven't liked the parts she's played. Conversely, I've always liked Abba's music. So that's my starting point when considering this movie which I have just been to see with my 80-year old mother.The story is a piece of fluff. Sophie, who lives with her mother in a dilapidated hotel on an idyllic Greek island, wants nothing more than for her father to be at her forthcoming wedding. The trouble is her father could be any one of three men with whom her mother dot dot dotted twenty years ago. So Sophie invites all three of them to her wedding and, as expected, complications ensue. The story, such as it is, is quite strong enough to enable the songs to be hooked onto it. And the songs, with one or two obvious exceptions (Money Money Money cued by the rundown state of the hotel) are very cannily worked into the story so that each one is relevant.The film looks great. The Greek locations overflow with sun and primary colours. The script is mostly fairly deft, and there is a sprinkling of decent laughs.But the film ultimately stands or falls - and it stands, believe me! - on two things: the music, and the cast.The music - sitting through this film brings home the strength of the Abba catalogue. There isn't a weak song among the two dozen which feature on the soundtrack. The music, produced by composer Benny Andersson, mostly wisely sticks very close to the original arrangements, and the occasional divergences (Greek bouzouki on I Had A Dream, for instance) are spot on.And the cast - well, they deliver. Brosnan's singing has been criticised, but he is always in tune, and he delivers a satisfactory vocal performance rather than dazzling with a polished singing technique (which he hasn't got). The four leading women are all wonderful. Julie Walters and Christine Baranski as Meryl Streep's two oldest friends are both very funny (Julie Walters has a particularly funny little bit of business in a rubber boat), and Baranski has her own knockout number. Amanda Seyfried as Sophie is simply delightful - she sings well, carries the plot and all the emotion which goes with it, and is very easy on the eye. And Meryl Streep is a revelation.This film is an utterly joyous experience. My old Mum and I came out of the cinema buoyed up by the experience of watching it, and I cannot recommend it highly enough to anyone who enjoys musicals and/or Abba's music.I saw this film at the screening on Sunday and was not too sure of what to expect from it. I hadn't seen the west end show so was not really aware of the story line but that really did not matter.As soon as the first song started I was loving it! The actors may not be that great at singing but does it matter?! They are actors after all and this is not the west end! The actors play the parts really well and make fun of themselves at the same time. The story line is fun and has laughs for all ages. Julie Waters is her fantastic self in it and Meryl Streep plays the mother really well. The dance scenes are great and well put together. Loads of people in the cinema were singing and dancing in their seats so just enjoy it and have some laughs for a few hours.If you take it for what it is, a fun laugh out loud film with good actors and fantastic songs, then you will enjoy this film so much.I suspect that this will be a summer box office hit! Enjoy it and have fun - you may need your tissues though as I'm pretty sure some of you will be crying with laughter at some of the scenes.I didn't know what to expect when going into watch "Mamma Mia", was this gonna be another Hairspray or Across the Universe or Rent? This was a lighthearted, quite enjoyable movie of its own style, Meryl Strep blew the entire audience away with her comedic persona in this movie. After seeing her in Devil Wears Prada, you are shaken momentarily after seeing her climb on top a roof singing "Mamma Mia!" and swoon and the dance teenage giddy girl dance. You'll love this movie for trio of older woman characters, they were all so funny. Mr. James Bond's character and singing was such a hilarious delight for the audience, we couldn't believe this was the man who played a top secret spy agent.With just the right amount of eccentricity, heart, and *get out of those movie chairs and DANCE IN THE AISLE* ABBA music, you'll never want this adventure to end.After watching the Mamma Mia! musical in London, I was thrilled to hear about the movie coming out. Meryl Streep in a musical seemed like just one reason to watch it. Well, I must say.. It was a lot more than what I expected! The beautiful scenery, the cast and the songs. A good mix of tears, laughter and love that will make you feel like you're a part of the gang and enjoy every bit of this movie. Not one of the cast members let me down. It really is a feel-good movie and it made me want to stand up and sing a long. The ABBA songs are made for dancing and in this movie it reassured me. The singing and the dancing put smiles on people's faces, and it makes you feel happy and as if all worries are gone. I certainly smiled during the entire movie. The cast members were all wonderful singers and especially the two lead actresses Meryl Streep and Amanda Seyfried impressed me. A well-made movie that is worth watching more than once!I have a confession to make that could land me in serious trouble here. I love this movie with a love bordering on the unnatural. Of course, I hear you saying, that can only mean one thing; you're a gay man of a certain age and if you haven't come out of the closet already. you're coming out now, and wearing sequins at the same time. No straight man, I hear you say, could love this movie with this kind of unbridled passion, so if you have aspirations to being a 100% red-blooded heterosexual male, (is there such a thing?), then keep any fondness for "Mama Mia" to yourself; you will automatically be suspect. Of course, I could just as easily be a teenage girl, (it's a chick flick, after all), and be in equally serious difficulties with my peers, for loving "Mama Mia" would then mean I had already turned into my mother, for this is a chick flick for the older chick and no mistake.I had avoided it on stage. I have never been a fan of 'juke-box' musicals where a plot is conjured up around a set of songs by a well-known group or artist. And my undiminished love of Abba, (there, I'm out of the closet - happy now?), made me shy away from, rather than run to, a show where their greatest hits were sung, karaoke-style, by others. But something drew me to the movie. Perhaps it was Meryl, (if Meryl liked it, it can't be that bad, I kept saying to myself). Perhaps it was the locations, (it all takes place on a very travelogue Greek isle). Perhaps, ultimately, it was the songs, (who isn't a dancing queen, after all). Nevertheless, going to "Mama Mia", the movie, was still like dipping my toe in the water before deciding if I wanted to do a full length of the pool. The last thing I expected was to fall head over heels, to turn into a blubbering mess, to turn into the oldest dancing queen on the block and into my mother all at the same time. "Mama Mia" is a guilty pleasure, (no self-respecting cineaste should ever admit to even liking this movie, never mind loving it), but as guilty pleasures go, this is the best junk meal you are ever likely to have.It's director, Phyllida Law, did it on the stage so at least she is familiar with the material, but she is new to movies and after the mess Susan Stroman made of "The Producers" I didn't really expect anything, but while "The Producers" was stagey,(and not in an appealing way), "Mama Mia" is genuinely cinematic. Lloyd's idea of film-making may be to let her camera roam all over the place, (she seems to have an MTV mentality), but she also knows how to build a production number. This is a fully-fledged musical of the old school. And now I am beginning to see the light. It's OK, guys, you can admit to liking "Mama Mia" without worrying too much about revealing your sexuality. Straight men are allowed to like musicals, too, aren't they? Then, of course, there are those songs, the ones we grew up loving. I read somewhere that Abba didn't write great songs because no-one covered them, unlike, say, Lennon and McCartney; that what made Abba's songs 'great' was the Abba sound. There may be something in that; the 'Abba sound' produced some of the greatest pop ever. Arguably, the songs that Abba, (and by Abba, I mean Bjorn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson), wrote and recorded are the greatest pop songs we've been given. So how do they work coming from the mouths of people who, effectively, aren't singers? (Ok, Meryl, we all know you can sing and act and probably split the atom at the same time, and the girl who plays her daughter, Amanda Seyfried, sounds very pleasant to the ear). Well, the answer is bloody marvelous. Most of these songs sound as if they were written for the film and not the other way round; in other words, they fit the plot in the way that songs in a good musical should and they are good enough to stand on their own.These are Broadway show-tunes and they aren't wholly reliant on 'the Abba sound'. So what if Julie Walters and Stellan Skarsgard croak their way through 'Take a Chance on Me'; by the time they get around to it I would have taken a chance on anyone. So Pierce Brosnan can't sing? Neither can Tom Waits or Leonard Cohen and yet we love them to bits. (Actually, Brosnan can just about manage to hold a tune and he makes a fairer fist of it than Lee Marvin or Clint Eastwood did in "Paint your Wagon"). And Meryl, of course, is wonderful. Our greatest living actress is having fun here. This is her first fully-fledged musical: I just wondered what took her so long, (her rendition of 'The Winner takes it All' is one of the great solo performances in any musical).But does any of this justify my over-whelming and totally inexplicable passion? Probably not, which is why it is inexplicable. It's not a 'great' movie, (although it could just be a 'great' musical); it often feels like a bunch of friends' best ever holiday video where they keep bursting into song with fully orchestrated backing, and it gives a totally new meaning to the term 'Greek Chorous'. So, obviously I am a middle-aged gay man with a full wardrobe of seventies gear. (I certainly haven't turned into my mother!). I mean, what other explanation can there be? Oh, I've just thought of one. It is a great movie musical and it's a terrific way to spend an evening. So I can now safely go back into my closet if I can find room among all the sequins and seventies gear.I have to admit that I was neither a fan of ABBA or of the musical show on which this movie was based upon, and didn't attend it when it was shown in my town. But I went to the movie excited about three things: a very good trailer, recommendations from all my friends and most importantly the presence of Myrel Streep and Colin Firth, two of my very favorite actors.So, let me put it that way: Mamma Mia! is one of the most entertaining pieces of cinema that I have seen in a long, long time. Yes, it doesn't have the gorgeous stylization of Moulin Rouge or the raunchiness of Chicago, but in its own way, it's just amazing. The simple presentation is backed up by a fantastic cast, a heartwarming story about love and the meaning of family, and a bunch of beautiful songs. Watching this film was one of the most beautiful movie-going experiences I had; I saw it 3 times in packed theatres, where audiences were quiet when they needed to be, and active and responsive otherwise. In those three times, the first Dancing Queen number got wild applause by the minute it was over, a proof of the entertainment value of the film. And near the end, when Donna looks at the screen and asks why everyone is still there while the credits are rolling, she says "do you want one more song?" and the entire audience would scream "YEAH". This is a first-rate crowd pleaser; a film that takes you into its world until you feel you are part of it. What an achievement.To some cynics, the story, involving a 20-year-old girl inviting three of her mother's old flames, suspecting one of them would be her father, is just an excuse to build a movie around Abba's songs. But what's wrong with that? The story is sweet and simple; the characters colorful and lovable, and the musical numbers are breathtaking without even trying to be anything spectacular. The cast are all excellent, starting with the adorable Amanda Seyfried, playing an energetic, practical girl torn between her love to her boyfriend, her sense of obligation towards her hard-working mother and her sense of incompletion because she doesn't know who her father is. A complex role, presented in an airy method, and played to perfection by the young actress. Julie Walters and Christine Baranski add comic genius to the equation as Donna's best friends, and so does Stellan Sarskard and Dominic Cooper. Colin Firth gives one of the best performances of his rich career, deserving all the praise possible for his "spontaneous" performance, and his final revelation is hilarious, and handled with so much cuteness and zero cheesiness that would be expected from Hollywood on such occasions. Pierce Brosnan was as hot as ever (sorry, can't find another word) and he added some real charm and star charisma to the picture.Which brings us to Myrel Streep. The Woman Who Can Do No Wrong. Yes, she can appear in mediocre movies, most recently in the likes of Prime and Lions for Lambs, but even then she adds a spark to the entire project, and makes watching these films an agreeable experience. In Mamma Mia! she is just absolutely fabulous: she dances, she sings, she acts like the legend she is, and in one particular scene preparing her daughter for the big night, she reminds us why she is so respected and, at 59, she is still a major Hollywood star: she is just simply a phenomenal performer. Fun, lovable, and definitely capable of handling a tune, her Super Trouper and Mamma Mia! numbers are highlights in the film.So, all in all, Mamma Mia! was the ultimate fun experience for me this year. Sweet, sensitive, and charming with a superb cast and beautiful music. Give it a shot in this summer of superheroes and bad movies, and it will help restore your faith in old-fashioned, simple cinema. If not, then at least you will have a heartwarming 2 hours of music, love and Streep and Firth excelling beyond expectations. Go see it with an open mind and, most importantly, an open heart and you will be "having the time of your life".Well, what can i say? This movie is one of the best movies i've seen in on a big screen so far! I don't particularly like musicals, but man this one is awesome! All the songs that have been chosen for it are great and popular so it was no surprise that all the time the audience was singing along with the actors :) The whole time the faces of the people around me were lightened up with a smile and everyone was happy! Me..... i had the chills going down my spine pretty much most of the time :) No one stood up before the final credits were shown and everybody was simply sitting down listening to the music, happy by the unexpected joy this movie brought them ;) I strongly recommend this piece to everyone regardless of age and genre preferences, cause i really believe that this movie is so good that there's no way not to fall in love with it! :)I went to see the film with my girlfriend and wasn't really interested, although it did have a very impressive cast! I LOVED it! What a great surprise, I laughed the whole way through and found myself completely invested in the plot!! The acting, singing and dancing was superb, I honestly believe Streep (who looked fantastic!) could be up for an Oscar.Additionally it's a genuine breath of fresh air to see a primarily older cast given roles full of fun and energy! Every one of the older cast deserve honourable mentions! (I'm 27 BTW, so its not like i'm a bitter old person either! lol) Go check it out, well worth it!I have become a "Momma Mia! aholic". The movie is probably the most fantastic movie I have ever seen. I have never seen a movie more than once at a theater. I believe the combinations of music, comedy, near Shakespearean farce, some drama, fantastic acting and unexpected cameos makes this a top, top winner in my opinion. I know it cannot qualify for music awards but it should qualify for other awards. I don't want to spoil it for anyone out there but if you haven't seen it by now, since its been out for over a month, shame on you. Part of the reason why I have gone repeatedly is because I have enjoyed the audience reactions nearly as much as the films multi-talented stars. The audience has been mostly Baby Boomers who can relate to Meryl Streep and Pierce Brosnan. It has been mostly women but when couples show up, the men hoot with laughter as much as the women. The comments overheard while leaving have always been positive and most are delighted they came; surprisingly so, they say. The movie is also an education in taking chances regarding type-casting. I hope this sets a precedent for the future of all those actors who are waiting for their chance to broaden their scope of their chosen careers. Hurray for this movie on so many levels. Go see it. Now! And again. And again.I'd been putting off going to the cinema to see this film for weeks on end. From seeing the trailer, my first thought was no way. Even though it seemed like the ultimate chick flick, which is usually my perfect genre to watch, I didn't fancy it. However, a week later my Mum asked if I'd go with her, so obviously I agreed. We never went straight away with wanting to see other current blockbusters, such as Batman etc. So I'd kept on putting it off even though everyone I work with had seen it at least once and didn't have a bad word to say about it!So about 4 or 5 weeks after release i booked the tickets, and with only 2 showings i chose the 8, thinking it would be rather quiet. When we got there we had been put in the largest screen and had to queue for about 20 minutes because it was so popular! People struggling to find seats etc..It was absolutely amazing! It was so different to how it had been advertised and how I expected it to be. I will admit during one earlier scene (Seyfield singing with her mother's diary)I thought it was far too cheesy to handle. But after that I was hooked.I really wanted to dance when the girls were dancing to 'dancing queen!' The entire film was just really fast paced and happy. I enjoyed every song, and I think Amanda Seyfield has a beautiful voice. I'm not a fan of Abba, but i loved the entire soundtrack. I loved how there was a middle aged guy sat next to me, trying really hard not to let on that he was enjoying the film. Foot tapping etc.One thing I didn't expect was the cry during the film. I don't really cry at the cinema but I couldn't stop weeping on the scene when Donna and her daughter are getting ready for her wedding. I thought it added a really serious moment to the film, making me appreciate it more. Oh and another thing. The location! Wow.