Endgame is a much less interesting and visually engaging movie than Infinity War. I don't understand all the crazy hype and 8.8 on imdb is stupid, this is why I'm giving it one star, to mitigate the stupidity.As everyone expected, remaining avengers use time travel to try to fix things, yet even for a marvel movie the time travel science is confusing and ridiculous, as well as shown in a very boring way. I've seen low budget movies that had better grasp on the scientific, logical and visual aspect of time travel.The whole point of endgame is to resurrect the fallen avengers and other trillions of creatures across the galaxy, yet while doing it avengers end up losing irrevocably even more important members of the team, and the whole thing looks ill-conceived.A lot of time is spent on meaningless conversations, while the devastation Thanos caused across the galaxy is barely shown, negating the past and current sacrifices of avengers.I left Infinity War wanting to see how the story ends.
I left Endgame feeling that I should've waited for it to come out on Netflix.This movie was a joke,average superhero movie where the heroes win and everyone's happy, hounestly zero dialogue this whole thing is just liked because marvel is ending, this movie made people "cry"?really?the only thing that made me cry was my money I spent on seeing this garbage, thor was ruined along with hulk, thanks was dumber down,and capitain marvels horrible scenes were pain full to sit through,hounestly I'm glad people are coming to their senses and rating this movie lower now that they rewatch it, it's full of plot holes and the time travel is embarrassing lazy writing that's a disgrace to real time travel movies,besides the hype this movie had nothing it was 100% hypebased in fact I dont think anyone acctually paid attention to the movie, the ending was extremely predictable and the final battle was bland with the only background colors being brown and destroyed ships so disapointing after the amazing movie that showed that superhero movies can be more then saving the day and the bad guys losingInfinity War is so much better. This movie felt so forced, too many eye rolling gags and a confusing plot. The way Thor and Hulk were handled is criminal.Spectacle and nothing else
as fans said here its meant to be for them but even they dont like it
totally undermines the excellent previous movies for too much fanservice and useless plot threads that go nowhere
sadly ive seen this movie twice and regretted it both times
such a slack way to wrap up what was mostly a good-excellent run of moviesI'm not going to bother watching any more of these Marvel movies. Each one seems worse than the last, and there's way too much CGI. It's not like most of them are more than a 5/10 anyway, and that's being generous. I can't wait until one of them bombs at the box office, so that we can stop getting constant special effects demo tapes and watch some real movies. Death to cgi!I can't understand why ppl like this over-achting superhero garbage time after time... It is no cinema at all. Almost every storyline is the same. Marvel milking movies these days.Plot holes everywhere, cheesy lines,basically the average superhero movie and no one sees how bad it is because they're blinded by hype, endgame was a mediocre poorly thought out rushed movie that feels more like a cashgrabIt was a garbage with lots of plothole. Waste of time and waste of electricityIt was straight up a huge disappointment, and a really bad ending to a great sagaIt missed some feather for thor. Maybe a cooking scene with Hulk.
Would like to see a shower scene but just for the bubbles not for the actors.
No really... was it a joke.
Didn't get the buzz for this crap. Not so innocent as it seemed in its poor hidden messages anticipating the future makeover of the Marvel universe... and it's fall.
Sign me out.