Every part of this movie is useless, absolutely boring. story is hilarious, and the characters are all useless and unneeded.Sure they put in a chick in a short skirt and a dog and we feel something, but the script is meaningless.The only saving grace for this mince is that Ana De Armas is in it. All you fools who are just discovering her know nothing. She's a goddess. FACT!BR2049 has more plot holes than emmental cheese and one big "plot twist" that I won't mention, not because it would spoil much, but because if you decide to watch this movie, you deserve to be disappointed by its stupidity.The big "twist" is mentioned as the "miracle", but it is absolutely idiotic and illogical from the point of view of a manufacturer of replicants. How did "that" might have ever be considered a good idea? One would assume that after the disaster of the Nexus 6 series, Tyrell Co. and his successors would have invented some more reliable security system - such as a lower level of self-consciousness, way safer than the questionable "obedience" of the Nexus 8. Or even something like all the androids looking the same, so that they can be easily detected and you would not need blade runners to locate and eliminate them.Anything that would provide humanity with useful, free labor without ethical problems But no, in this movie ethical problems just got exponentially bigger. And so much for a science so advanced as to reproduce perfect bodies and minds...Besides, since it is established that humankind sucks, I failed to understand how replicants are in any way better, since they just want to be more "like humans". On the visual side, BR2049 sucks, too. Looks like they used random leftovers scenery from other Sci-Fi/disaster movies, from the overused industrial background of Terminator to the desertic blurred landscape of MadMax and the inevitable nightmarish city-scape, which looks like Blade Runner, but on cheap side. Costumes looks like the contemporary drab clothing promoted by Nordic high street chains: lots of dark, cheap-looking leggings and stretchy tops, a far cry from the decadent, elaborate futuristic/retro suits of BR.In one scene, Deckard meets Tyrell's successor in a closed room filled with water, except a square island in the middle. A room that has no other reason to exist except bringing back memories of the "original" Tyrell building.The dialog is unbelievable bad and scenes drag on forever. When the Goslin character finds Deckart, the two spend over ten minutes fighting and chasing each other, when a couple of lines of dialogue would have avoided that. The ending is both manipulative and plagiarist: it wants to move the audience, recreating the amazing poetic moment of Roy Batty's death, but using snow instead of rain. If nothing else, the ending would have been enough to put me off this piece of commercial garbage.I didn't realise 2049 also was the actual length of the film! It sure felt like it! 3 hours of boring dialogue, hollow characters and an embarrassingly weak story. Hard to believe Ridley Scott really made this!The first Blade Runner worked the pace of the film brilliantly up to the powerful ending. The story was a rather simple sci-fi noir detective story with a twist. It made some huge comments on humanity and what kind of future we want. It worked on so many levels. It could be viewed as a simple sci-fi detective story or as a great spiritual journey that asked all the big questions. "And what can your maker do for you?".The first Blade Runner had so many great lines but with 2049 I cannot remember a single quotable line. 2049 completely lacks all which made the original the best sci-fi movie ever. I take the same view as Rutger Hauer recently did. Why even try to do a second one? It would be as painting a second Mona Lisa. Or building another Eiffel tower.A huge disappointment of a sequel that should never have been made.The original Blade Runner is one of my favourite films so I was really looking forward to this one. What a disappointment. If I wasn't in the company of others I would of walked out early. I left the cinema feeling annoyed that I had to sit through this overlong monotonous film. The storyline is dragged out with the main character just going from place to place to investigate something like in a video game. At the beginning he is in a fight scene and you find out he is basically indestructible. The replicants are now terminators. This leaves out any suspense that he is in danger. The first film was kind of believable, the city was overcrowded and the building were decaying - it had atmosphere. This one looked like a more modern city with a lot of emptiness. The technology has advanced so much that he now has a solid light fully realistic AI holographic companion that operates from a small device he can keep in his pocket. If you think about it why are they so desperate to increase replicant slave labour production when they are capable of building AI robots that can be enveloped with holographic light to look human. They still have the blurry 1950 TV quality monitors to echo the first film but the supposed technology jump does not make sense. The music by Vangelis was one of the most important parts of the original. He conveyed through the use of synthesisers and traditional instruments a sense of awe and wonder, beauty and the sadness of a dystopian world. Johann Johannsson was originally commissioned to score the film and I think he would of done a great job but they decided for some reason it was not Hollywood sounding enough so they bought in Hans Zimmer. What a disaster. It might as well be the music from Batman VS Alien. Just lots of loud noise. The original was a box office failure that became a cult classic. This is just a failure.i cannot believe these ten star comments, first the visuals were mostly flat, there was no explanation why in this time there were virtually no people around, one scene only with about thirty extras, no lights seems to be on either in the shots were he is flying over the city. more importantly you had a very thin plot that could have been told in less than an hour. nothing happens for most of the film. it is as if all concerned were on valium. the music was just noise. talk about an anti-climatic ending, the film just whimpers out. none of the very little plot made any sense. so here we have yet again critics raving about nothing. an insult to the original in every way. do not waste your time or money going to see this. i was going to list the many non-sensical things in the film but on reflection i don't think the film deserves anymore of my timeIn the ongoing tradition of Harrison Ford's Action heroes of the 1980's turning out to be really terrible dads, we have Blade Runner 2049, the sequel to 1982's Blade Runner. We meet a replicant cop named K who is of a new variety that doesn't rebel unlike those bad ones in the movies. So he tracks down a Runaway Nexus 8, even though in the original movie, we were assured that Nexus 8's only had 4 year lifespans. During the course of this, they discover the bones of Sean Young's character from the original movie, along with the realization she had given birth. Our hero also has a relationship with a Hologram Girl for some reason. I guess so he is sad when she gets deleted later in the movie. If you are watching this movie to see Harrison Ford reprise his role as Deckard, you don't get to see him walking around like someone's confused grandpa until 2 hours into an interminably long movie. (Seriously, I feel bad for Ford. Why does he do this to himself?)So they want to find the child of Deckard and Rachel because this is a replicant that can reproduce, which is supposedly more efficient than just growing them, for some reason. They say they need more replicants to colonize the outer colonies, but of course, there are plenty of people living in squalor, including a child labor sweatshop. I can't emphasize enough how long, boring, uninteresting this movie was. It's like they watched the original and still had no idea what made it a good movie.Admittedly, I did not enjoy the prospects of a Blade Runner sequel, since I considered the first installment to be a one-off story, for which a sequel would ultimately harm.Unfortunately, this movie did just that. I did not like the plot at all, which I considered both ridiculous and tacky, despite being drenched in massive amounts of self-importance. The visuals were nice, and lots of care seemed to be made to maintain the original's style. The problem is, again, the story, narrative, etc. I'd say it's worth a watch, but I don't believe many will return for a second viewingThis movie was so bad I can't put into words. I loved Blade Runner but this sequel is so bad I can no longer watch the original. Music over the top Acting nonexistent Length, felt like 6 hours,and not in a good wayAs people left the theater I saw shaking heads.Don't understand people raving about it. They must be connected to the film somehow. Save your money, watch the original and don't let this ruin it for you like it did for meWhat a damn slow motion movie. Not a single thing good about it. Poor acting and baseless action scenes making it much worse. Thought it will have some wow moments being a sci fi film but I was utterly disappointed. Beware of the fake ratings and it's totally not worth it.