Every human is so one dimensional and implausible that I can't even begin to understand the nature of this film. Where did eco-terrorist Alan Jonah go to? He took the Ghidorah skull from the last movie and then suddenly someone else gets it? Why is Dr Mark Russel even in this film? He does literally nothing in three different parts of the planet. Why does Ilene Andrews call after Jia when she runs off? She's DEAF! Why is Maya Simmons in this movie? She's the disposable daughter of the mad genius who displays no talent at all and dies off camera.Let's ignore the sheer human deaths in the thousands in every major act. Yet in every film to date, these awful parents allow their children to interact with titans. Usually when it's raining. Let's forget that children are able to walk inside not one, not two, but three highly sophisticated and guarded locations without interference. Plus they hitch a ride into some kind of mag-lev container which is transporting eggs we never hear about again and has a display in MPH even though it's an Hong Kong craft. The only thing this film does better than Godzilla: King of the monsters is there's fewer scenes with rain. But there's still a ton of rain. Why? I don't know.Why did they need Kong to "lead" them into hollow earth. They already had a reinforced cave leading to it. Kong didn't do anything except fall through a wormhole unscathed. While the humans needed three anti-gravity spaceships to travel there. And of course the debunked defamed author Nathan Lind is somehow also a pilot who once safely back home decides to stay airborne to watch the Titans battle it out instead of getting far away like a sane person might do. And this magical author/pilot found the single switch on the control panel which turns it into an ape defibrillator. And sure, chain up a titan on a transport boat but let's rig up a single lever to let him go. Hey, here's an idea, let's upload the essence of a dead hydra skull brain into a robot's energy source.Let's talk about how every light source in the facilities, crafts and bases plus all the buildings are lit in neon trim like they looted the set of TRON:legacy. How come Apex needed this mysterious energy source from Hollow Earth and when they take a small sample, they only thing they needed was math to recreate it? Did you know all you need to interrupt a satellite uplink into an unguarded control room is a half flask of booze poured on the cooling fan? I didn't, but the randomly Australian comic relief did.There's hardly a hint of blood from either monster even though Godzilla rakes its claws deep into Kong's flesh multiple times and both are dragged face-first into glass and steel buildings. Kong is also a master axe-man who uses the blade as a tool, a key and a shield.I could go on and on about this film but I am exhausted. If only someone could fly a tiny spaceship into my chest and restart me.A terrible movie from beginning to end, and this is why I don't go see movies in theaters anymore. All computerized graphics and that's about it. It actually gave a headache. Two thumbs down!Absolutely nothing about this makes sense. From the fact that the girl kind of had to start teaching sign language to Kong by the time she was 1 week old, to the hollow earth ridiculous theory of a guy that wrote a book nobody bought but suddenly caught the eye of a Mexican gazillionaire with Mexican accent but an Amrican name that took a couple of months to build the technology that must have taken at least 15 years to design, test, and build. Nothing makes any sense whatsoever. Yes, the special effects and sound might be good but nothing else does.There isn't anything good I can say about this movie. The plot was bad, the acting was bad, the directing was bad. Wanna see kong watch the first one.I didn't like the movie.Leaving aside the special effects, the plot is terribly bad, far-fetched and very difficult for children to understand.Bring two parallel stories, 1 the stories of humans seeking conspiracies, and 2 the story of kong and Godzilla,
It is unnecessary, the parts of the conspiracy seekers could well be cut and the movie would still stand and even improve a lot.Why such a far-fetched argument?But my God, what the hell is the Hollow Earth?It is an abuse of science fiction to raise another Earth within the earth, with a different gravity etc etc, it is too much! Or are they very high?But why the hell are they going to the hollow earth?Full of plot holes, poor character development, mambo jumbo technology (seriously, they emailed energy source!) and 30 minutes fight scene.What the hell was that? The CGI was incredible but the "story" made no sense whatsoever. Would highly recommend... To someone I dislike.As a society we've now truly become a case of life imitating art. We're living in an Idiocracy. That's what Godzilla v Kong represents. Empty calories for the masses. No nutrients for the grey matter. You don't need brains to enjoy this movie. In fact it helps if you're zombies.Forget the most important aspect of a movie which is a plot. Who needs a plot when you've got hundreds of millions of dollars of CGI on the screen. All those zeros, ones and green screens convincing brain dead viewers that this kind of crap being pumped out by Warner Brothers and other studios is worth your time and money. Does anyone recall a time when movies were actually good? When the plot was actually worth following? Then again, who needs something as trivial as an engaging plot when you're got a giant ape and a giant lizard beating seven bells out of one another as you slurp down your Brawndo?So keep handing over your money to these clueless studios and they'll happily keep churning out crap like Godzilla v Kong for you to gorge on. Or you can vote with your feet and your wallets and ensure that studios up their game. That moviemaker create protagonists that you can root for, villains whose motivations you can understand, characters that you can empathise with, go on a journey with....Or you can choose not to in which case enjoy your Brawndo, and movie studios will continue to mutilate your thirst for mediocre CGI crapfests like Godzilla v Kong.Just remember, "It's got electrolytes!"This is the clearest evidence of how Hollywood can destroy great movie icons. Unable to make a decent film about Godzilla, they decided to destroy the two great cinema monsters with the bonus that Mechagodzilla's fantastic robot is reduced to a cockscrew. If I pay a ticket to see the film I want the story to be honored: Godzilla has features that we hope to see film after film. I don't ask for much. But the untalented people who made the film came up with the idea that it was better not to play Godzilla's music. I thought of Star Wars without it´s iconic music. It's the same. An aberration. On the other hand, the humanization of King Kong is unbearable. Uncomfortable, worried, it makes it nauseating to see the great King Kong turned smart gorilla who can communicate with his little friend. Since when did King Kong stop liking blondes? The humans who star in the plot are also unbearable. The boy, the particular reason I hated Deadpool 2 now achieved the impossible: that he hated American movies about monsters with an inclusive cast. Of the others only one sentence: I wanted them all dead in the first frame. Everyone, their parents and their grandparents. I wanted everything to explode in the film, and in the final fight they would wipe out humanity, starting especially with those involved with the production of this slug, this crap, this cinematographic insult. Finally: Godzilla has no neck and has a microcephalic head. I don't know who came up with it that this is how the king of monsters should look. Godzilla for that anatomy couldn't even look to the side without having to rotate the body. King Kong using weapons is as if it were an extension of past films with apes conquering the world inaugurated by Charlton Heston. No Hollywood, don't do it anymore. Stop doing garbage. Stop insulting our intelligence and pockets. Stay away from this movie at all costs, well-shot fights aren't worth everything behind and around them. If you want to watch a decent movie, just watch the ones made in Japan or Pacific Rim.This movie is so unbelievably bad it's a joke. I only watched it because it's free on HBO Max, so thank heavens I didn't waste a single cent on this abomination disguised as a "film". Characters have no meaning or purpose besides the little girl. All of this happens just for some middle schoolers to spill a drink on a circuit board to defeat a robot godzilla? I could have come up with a better story/script in my sleep. Skip this cash-grab garbage.