I was totally blown away by "Get Out". This is one of the best turns by an actor behind the camera I have ever seen (Jordan Peele). Probably the timely social commentary is going to loom heavily when discussing the film; however this shouldn't conceal the fact that this is a masterclass cinematic work that has been thought out to the very last detail; it knows what it wants to say and how to say it, balancing wildly contrasting tones and defeating potential clichés with stylistic bravura. Of course everything stems from a rock solid script, where the plot points are cunningly engineered, and then fleshed out in a disciplined and take no prisoners kind of way. There is much to admire and enjoy here, including some surreal imagery that is as stunning as it is disturbing, always serving a purpose within the narrative; there are also brilliant soundtrack choices and you get subtle nods at the masters that came before (Kubrick and Wes Craven, specially). The plot involves one of those frequently visited "fish out of the water" type of settings where it's up to the director to make the most out of it. Which fortunately is the case here, since you get plenty of real character development and a tight, innuendo ridden dialogue that really gets under your skin. All this, together with the inspired camera work, contributes to the success of this tricky enterprise as a whole. Kudos to all the actors for going all the way with the provocative premise, considering that it could have totally backfired in less confident hands. Everything amounts to a deliciously wry slice of cinematic paranoia served with a side of cathartic humor that appropriately reflects the political times we are living in. And make no mistake, this is a true horror film that refuses to pull any punches; if you thought that Peele was just going for the laughs and the cheap scares you will get more than you bargained for. "Get out" will shock you silly and will make you think. Then you will want to watch it again and try to figure out how he pulled the trick.People will be talking about this one for a long time.Get Out is an extremely powerful, poignant horror movie with some humor. Whatever elements of action or schlock that are present take a backseat to the real human drama that plays out when Chris (Daniel Kaluuya) meets his white girlfriend's eccentric family.The characters are fleshed out immaculately, with Bradley Whitford and Catherine Keener in their best performances to date, and Caleb Landry Jones in an appropriately, intensely creepy role. But Kaluuya is the star here, and he delivers with zeal a shocking depth and range of emotions. In fact, more often than not its what he doesn't say that delivers the most impact... which is all to say that this masterpiece could not have been accomplished without the masterful direction of Jordan Peele.Peele builds atmosphere and tension like the Big Bang, dunking you into the mind of the main character while he navigates through very visceral danger.If you're looking for a film that sets out to entertain first and foremost with shock and terror, but also with poignant social commentary and real philosophical meat to chew on, Get Out is the movie you need to see. You won't regret it.This isn't Cabin in the Woods, Peele isn't interested in subverting genre conventions. What he has crafted is entirely original and unique, and thankfully free of clichés or stereotypes. There are no "monsters" here. The real villains are entitlement, egotism, and objectification, and g.d. they are scary!Jordan Peele's Get Out is an outstanding work of horror cinema, in that the American horror film is the best genre for creatively commentating on the various social, economic, and psychological constructs of life in such a way that can be visually thought-provoking. And the best part about this film is Peele does not pull out any of the usual horror tropes or clichés until the showdown. Before you begin to think that Universal Pictures and Blumhouse are pulling a bait-n-switch–selling you a psychological thriller when the film is really a heavy drama–think again. Get Out is every bit a horror film as its more traditional counterparts. In terms of its contribution to the library of horror films, the movie is flawless. From the writing to directing to acting and even the score, editing, and cinematography, Get Out is a film that you should definitely "get out" to watch. With a current 100% on Rotten Tomatoes, this film is certain to grab prolific attention from movie patrons, film studies, and social studies professors alike. It's a brilliant film to discuss in future American horror film classes. Never before has a film been used in such a creative and visceral way to comment on how one culture appropriates the best of another for purposes of exploitation or simply because it has something that you want, and then attempt to change, assimilate, or remove altogether because that which you want is seen as wasted on the originator. "A mind is a terrible thing to waste."It is difficult to explore some of the themes and subtext of this film without giving too much away, but I'm going to try my best to analyze what I can without spoiling anything for those who plan to see the movie. The first element I took note of in the film was the choice of music. Not so much a score (although, there is a score to the film), the music selections in the film serve as an allusion to the overall message and theme in the film. For those who know a little something about music history, you may pick up on the strategic selection and placement of the various songs and musical scores used throughout the film. There are moments in which the music does not seem to match up with the mood or tone of the film–at least, at face value. However, as you delve deeper into the film, you will realize that the music fits in all too well with the plot. I'll give you this: think about the origins of the music in the film when you watch it. Before music, such as jazz and hiphop, became popular amongst a predominantly white society, it originated amongst the black community.Another aspect of the film that hints at the big reveal in the turning point just before the third act is the physique, athletic talent, and sexual stereotypes of black males. You'll notice that clues are dropped here and there, albeit subtly, at the relationship between Rose's family & friends and members of the black community. The worship of Chris' body by many of Rose's family friends makes for an incredibly uncomfortable sequence of encounters at the outdoor picnic. The unsettling weird encounters between Chris and all the people he meets at Rose's family home each work to grow the level of tension and terror in the film–the fear of something dreadful looming on the horizon. Without relying upon a proliferation of jump scares and visceral horror, Peele successfully increases the level of anxiety to terrifying levels in the film. Reminiscent in the ways that Hitchcock or Kubrick may have directed this film–in terms of relying upon the fear of something not visible to the naked eye–Peele incorporates the feeling of uneasiness every moment he can without over saturating the plot. Perfect amount of all the elements that make up the American horror film can be found in this deeply disturbing narrative.This is social commentary on how back males are often exploited for economic gain in areas such as football, basketball, track, and even music and fashion too. So, Peele was using this horror film to comment on how many in the white community have stolen from or appropriated elements from the black community in order to further their own gain or develop ways of entertaining the masses without proper acknowledgement, formal recognition, or even payment. For example, the jazz music at the beginning of the film. That style of music came out of black culture before it was rebranded high class white music for nightclubs, shows, and weddings. Further evidence of this social commentary can be found in other areas of talent that many want to steel for their own and then reprimand the black community or not being 'more white.' I could go on and on. Fascinating stuff! As it is a horror film, do not plan to see it alone. Horror is the one genre that is best experienced in a group setting.Jordan Peele is a man best known as one half of the comedy duo Key & Peele, so when I first heard the news that he'd written and directed a horror film, I would be lying if I said I wasn't a little surprised. Then came reports that Get Out was getting ridiculously good feedback from test screenings and, after horror having a solid year in 2016, I was hoping it'd live up to expectations. Believe the hype guys because Get Out is as good as you've heard.Black photographer Chris Washington (Daniel Kaluuya) and his white girlfriend Rose Armitage (Allison Williams) visit Rose's parents for the weekend, where they will meet Chris for the very first time. Staggered by their behaviour from the very off, Chris begins to think all is not right in the home of Dean (Bradley Whitford) and Missy Armitage (Catherine Keener).I absolutely loved Get Out as both a psychological and satirical horror, Jordan Peele's imagination bringing us something quite unique within the genre and showing that he has such a big future ahead as a filmmaker. Right from the opening sequence, which is one of the best openings to a horror I've seen, I knew this film was going to be special. It felt almost as if I was watching a film from a seasoned director and not a man making his directorial debut, Peele exuding confidence more and more as the film rises through the levels of paranoia.The writing is spot on as well, Peele's background as a comedian coming into great use to blend the satire so perfectly with the horror. Peele has clearly made Get Out as a form of social commentary but he does so by keeping the audience on their toes, wondering where the film will turn next, which is one of the most important aspects of a horror film. As well as being genuinely creepy, Get Out also has some hilarious moments up its sleeve, leaving the audience in the palm of Peele's hand.Peele's confidence as a filmmaker is seen further through Toby Oliver's swift cinematography, akin to work seen in The Shining, and both Michael Abels haunting score and songs picked by Peele to accompany his twisted film.Coming to the performances, Get Out excels above many horror films with a talented and strong cast. Daniel Kaluuya leads the film with a quite exceptional performance as Chris Washington, impressing with each passing minute as the paranoia within his character grows. Expect to see much more of Kaluuya in the future.Bradley Whitford and Catherine Keener are both devilishly charming and unnerving with their performances as Rose's parents, who take an immediate interest in Chris' life, both past and present. Get Out gets its truly unsettling performances from Betty Gabriel and Marcus Henderson as Georgina and Walter, hired by Dean's father. They both have a stand-out scene where it becomes clear that all is not well with either them or the house they tend to. Lil Rel Howery deserves a mention too for being genuinely funny in the role of Chris' best friend, Rod, who doesn't just feel like the comedy relief shoehorned in for the sake of it.Get Out brilliantly continues the resurgence of the horror genre and, as a directorial debut, has to go down as of the best I've seen from Jordan Peele. He's already stated that this is the first of a number of horrors he has planned which will act as social commentaries and, if they continue to be as good as his debut, I cannot wait.Nervous about meeting his Caucasian girlfriend's parents, a young African American struggles to work out if everyone is acting strangely around him or if it is just his imagination in this unusual mystery thriller. The film is very deliberately paced with lots of malice foreshadowed but exposition only revealed in tiny chunks along the way. In fact, utterly unsettling as the pre-credits sequence is, it is hard not to wonder whether the film would have been better without it since it is the only scene for quite a while that spells out the horror slant of 'Get Out' beneath its quirky façade. That said, there are enough elements that remain elusive here that the film stays enticing until the end. The final quarter also comes off as a very clever homage to the horror movies of the 1970s, complete with appropriate furniture for the period. What really elevates the film though is its social satire. The racism agenda is a little on-the-nose, but the protagonist's anxiety at being a 'token' African American really clicks, forced to enter into awkward conversations with several houseguests at one point who have no idea how to talk to him without sounding racist. It is actually quite a universal predicament and aside from being a captivating mystery movie, 'Get Out' also pinpoints how strange it can be to interact in an environment when one is a minority, whether it be by race, religion, gender, age or other factors."Get Out" is significant in that it simply give the audience a different perspective in the Horror Genre. We have NEVER been given a hero of color in horror; "The Black guy always gets killed"; Night of the Living Dead (1968) could have been the first but they blew it. Duane Jones' character should have lived!!! ...but I digress. We FINALLY have a the black guy as the protagonist thanks solely to Jordan Peele of, the dynamic Key and Peele fame. Peele has made the horror film he always wanted to see. Given the box office results as so far and Rotten Tomatoes', rare 100% fresh rating, this is the horror film that many of us wanted to see!!! It is a very straight forward story about a black male in an interracial relationship that is about to meet his girlfriend's parents...everything else after this point is horror film GOLD!!!No need to spoil anything here, this film is fun and entertaining to say the least. The social commentary is not to preachy but just enough to feel true. Go see it and have fun with it. Thank you Jordan Peele!!That movie was an amazing movie, it may not be that scary but its story is very thrilling.Daniel K is a good actor with his perfect portrayal of the character Chris. The movie wasn't scary to be frank but more entertaining than most horror movies. Each scene in the movie means a thousand words.Allison Williams also played a great role as the movie villain ranging from an innocent woman who dates a black guy to a crazy and monstrous woman ready to kill to have her victim's colored body hosted by older non-blacks.In all, the movie was entertaining and covered the area of racial discrimination in the United States in a creative, plot twisting way. I recommend this movie for all , from going to old.Get Out is a decent horror movie, better than average, but not without its set backs.
It absolutely didn't deserve an oscar, let alone for screenplay, but it's not the worst choice in the world at the end of the day.
For a debut film this is pretty admirable and could mean a lot for horror movies, black people and the general film industry, but aside from the politics of the film, it really is just an ok horror.The VVitch and It Follows are much, much better horror films; deserving of much more praise, but because THIS horror film has a discussion about race it gets millions of dollars and awards and praise. Is this a bad thing?Not really. It's better than giving an award to something like another shat out Blumhouse/James Wan sequel with no talent or effort put into it.Basically, the best thing about the film is the actors and their performances, especially Daniel Kaluuya, who is as excellent as always.The worst thing about the film would probably have to be the "horror" elements since it's incredibly one- note and unoriginal in this department. Not saying it's bad, but it doesn't do anything the horror genre hasn't seen a bunch of times already.It's good, not great. (But still kinda cool a horror film won an oscar since the last was in 2000 with The Sixth Sense.)From the opening credits to the closing credits Jordan Peele had me locked in. Such an amazing job by an amazing director. To think that Peele stopped writing this 20 times is insane! Well done! Can't wait to see what the future holds in regards to Jordan Peele films.