Not only does this movie create an extremely tense atmosphere the moment it starts, it has plenty of gore and violence to bombard your eyes, not to mention that it has one of the best twists seen in any horror movie.I watched this film alone at night with the lights off, expecting to be freaked out by it since I thought it was just another typical horror movie; but instead I was completely intrigued by the story line, and utterly drawn into the film for the whole 100 minutes. At the end I did not feel scared, rather, I felt something very few horror movies have to offer: satisfaction! This movie left me in a slightly disturbed but very thoughtful state. It did not give me nightmares, rather, it plagued my day-dreams; for two days my thoughts could not stray far from this film, that's how powerful it is.If you want a cringingly gory and violent horror movie, watch "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" or "Hostel"; if you want a nightmarishly scary horror movie, watch "The Grudge" or "The Ring"; if you want a clever and disturbing horror movie with an excellent story and a great twist, watch "Saw".Wow. The critics weren't wrong. Not since seven has horror been portrayed so majestically. From the first minute to last this film twists and turns you till you feel rather poorly. Just like 'Se7en', the all-round Grittiness that director James Wan creates disgusts and enthralls. Just like 'Se7en', there is a H U G E twist that makes your blood curdle. A lack of star names helps the movie flow as the pace builds to a finale that won't be forgotten by this viewer in a hurry! I still can't sleep. It is well scripted, well acted, and, for everyone who guesses the killer after the first few minutes, keeps you guessing right up to the final reel. It is better than Seven for shock value. It is not over the top gory but there is a final scene which makes you sweat. Very highly recommended!Movies like Saw are the ones that makes us believe in the horror genre. It is because of such movies we like to see horror/thriller movies. Let me tell you that after watching Saw I wanted to buy the ticket and watch it again because after a long time I got to see a real gripping and tightly directed horror movie. The movie is very exciting and has a lot of goosebumps. However, if you are a faint of heart please do not see this movie as it has a lot of gore/violence in it which will make you jump out of your seat. I just can't wait for the DVD to come out as I really want to buy it. My recommendation to all of you is to watch Saw and have a good time like I did. Also, the movie has a great twist. 10/10There is no way one can condescend to this movie. This is the best horror suspense movie that was ever made !!! Its simply unmatched !! THe acting might not be the best around, but that is not the only that that one looks for in a movie of this calibre. Looking at the story is what needs to be complimented upon. The storyline, the concept used herein, the chain of events, the vision portrayed and the end result...its all fits in perfectly to keep the viewer at his seat all the way. And that is how a movie show be - keeping the watched interested and let me tell you that as far as I know, everyone i know who have watched this movie have not nothing but impressed !!I have been reading the other comments that have come through and cannot believe some of the criticisms that I have seen. UNBELIEVABLE!!!! These guys had 18 days and a budget of 1.2 mil. If anyone else who has posted their ill views about this film has the ability to produce a true thriller with a sensational plot, storyline and final scene in that amount of time and budget I'd like to see it!! Coming from Melbourne myself, I am impressed and thrilled to have fellow residents of this great state in Australia to get out there, do what they love doing and make a very nice profit for themselves thankyou very much! The amount of CRAP that has come out of Hollywood with big name stars and RIDICULOUS!!! budgets, with movies that have completely flopped is outstanding!! For James and Leigh's first feature film, they did incredibly well, so instead of condemning and "nit-picking", we should be supporting these young film-makers.In conclusion.... For all of you people who hated the movie and thought it was a complete waste of your money and laughed at this film... SAW made over $54mil from its first week in the US and it is still climbing... Who's laughing now!!this movie mixes several attributes which made me giving a 10-rating: the beginning is fascinating with a cube-like atmosphere. it never loses suspense thru the whole movie....and the sick mind of the killer reminds to john doe's from "se7en" of brilliant David Finch. the turnings of the storyline are almost unpredictable which is rare and never any Hollywood-like cliché or happy-end. a lot of surprises, shock and some gore scenes which altogether makes it a perfect horror-psycho-thriller.in my opinion, it beats even cult horror-movies like Texas chainsaw massacre 2003, event horizon, dawn of the dead 2004, cube, wrong turn or evil dead. thru out the time, these kind of movies goes far to the limits of the violence and dark fears we all got into us....so be warned, "saw" will give you a sightseeing tour thru hell....enjoy it !Adam (Leigh Whannell) and Larry (Cary Elwes) awaken to find themselves locked in a filthy, dilapidated public bathroom. As they regain awareness, things go from bad to worse. They see a dead body on the floor between them, and then they realize that they're chained to large pipes on opposite sides of the room. When they discover a hidden message for each, they learn that a madman is playing a sick game with them. Can they win the game and escape with their lives? Every once in a while, I'm given an opportune moment to engage in a mini-rant, so here we go. Anyone wondering why I usually pay no attention to the Academy Awards need look no further than Saw. In my view, Saw should be nominated for eight 2005 Oscars: Best Motion Picture of the Year, Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role (Elwes), Best Achievement in Directing, Best Writing--Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen, Best Achievement in Cinematography, Best Achievement in Art Direction, Best Achievement in Makeup, and Best Achievement in Music Written for Motion Pictures--Original Song (Fear Factory's "Bite the Hand That Bleeds"). Not that I feel it should necessarily win all eight, but it should have a fair shake at them. There are others that I would nominate for some of those categories--including Hellboy, The Village, AVP: Alien vs. Predator, Dawn of the Dead, Kill Bill Vol. 2, Shaun of the Dead, and Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle. But you'll note that out of those, only The Village got a nod (a single nomination). It's difficult for me to take something seriously that is so far off the mark when it comes to recognizing quality films. But it's not as if a general anti-genre bias in the Academy Awards--as well as with professional critics and the self-appointed film literati--has not been noted before.James Wan and Whannell (who takes on double duty as an actor) have authored a tightly interwoven story, with a puzzle theme that draws you in like the best material of the Cube (1997) series combined with a gritty, Se7en (1995)-like serial killer police procedural. The pieces of the plot fit together precisely and unfold like a predetermined chess game. Wan and Whannell build tension gradually, despite the fact that the film comes out of the gate extremely suspenseful.Wan, who also served as director, creates a fabulously disturbing, dingy atmosphere throughout the film, bolstered by Julie Berghoff's production design, which is as inventive as the script. Part of the delightful novelty of the film is the elaborate, potentially fatal puzzles devised by the villain. Berghoff's designs for these scenarios and devices easily matches the lockstep intricacy of the plot and the ominous foreboding of the overall atmosphere. Viewers will likely cringe at vicariously envisioning themselves in the contraptions, and that's much of the point. The cinematography throughout the film is just as imaginative, easily telling a story that often depends on subtle visual cues, and reaching just the right balance of extended techniques, such as the varied film speeds during a car chase.Because so much of the film is focused on just two characters in a single, relatively sparse room, Elwes and Whannell must turn in powerhouse performances, running a gamut of emotions including vulnerable helplessness, studied hopefulness, vengeful anger and frenzied desperation. Both are excellent, with Elwes particularly remarkable. Danny Glover, as Detective David Trapp, is impressive in his transformation from a somewhat typical macho cop to an obsessive loon, perhaps on a par with the villain in his single-minded irrational commitment.The modus operandi and motivation (which serves as the theme) of the villain are intriguingly gray. The victims are often morally questionable, and can potentially benefit from their victimization. They're putatively given an out from their predicaments if they can muster the necessary wit and skill. At least on one level, the villain wants to give his victims a hard lesson and improve their lives.It should have been clear by the comparison to Cube and Se7en that Saw is not for the faint of heart (although it's not quite as gory as it could have been) or for those who want only clear messages of good and evil and happy endings. As one of 2004's best films, however, you owe it to yourself to give it a watch.Saw has achieved a rare feat in Thriller/Horror film-making in that it holds the suspense and intrigue throughout the entier film. From the opening moments (possibly the most captivating first 20 minutes of a film I've ever seen), until the end credits role, the audience is on edge, continually wondering what is going to happen next. The film centres around two men, chained to pipes, at either end of an industrial bathroom. Between them, lying face down on the floor is a body surrounded by a pool of blood. The questions of how and why these men are here are answered is a series of flashbacks throughout the film and this is where my only two real problems with the movie exist. Firstly, the first time out of the bathroom takes too long. Although the back story is interesting and necessary, I wanted to get back to the bathroom faster. The second problem I had was with the use of sped up film and rapidly changing camera angles in some of the flashback scenes. Although this technique did have an impact, after a few moments, it felt a bit 'gimicky'. The scenes in the bathroom however are masterful and the way the writers develop the plot in a setting that can seemingly go nowhere is a real credit to them. Saw is intriguing, it is imaginative, it is scary, suspenseful and wonderfully entertaining. Saw is a movie you must see at the cinema.I wish I could watch it for the first time again. So creepy and surprising.For years now i've been a fan of the horror/thriller genre but have been extremly dissapointed with any and all of the releases this genre has offered in the last half decade.  I had the great fortune of catching a screening of "SAW" recently at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival and must say it has fully restored my confidance that the ability to create a movie with the ability to make people lose sleep is still alive and well.  James Wan has done a masterful job at keeping any and all viewers on the edge of their seats from begining to end and if you're easily scared or even the slightest bit jumpy you definatly won't be able to handle "SAW"!!! Definate 10 out of 10!!!