I am written this review In Memorie of my all time favorite the best horror director Wes Craven that sadly is no longer with us anymore. On August 30th 2015, Craven died of brain cancer at home in Los Angeles. I am doing this for him. A Nightmare on Elm Street is a 1984 American supernatural Classic slasher horror film written and directed by Wes Craven, and the first film of the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise. The best horror flick I have ever seen.I love this film to death, I love it!!! It is one of my personal favorite horror movies. It is my number 1 favorite film in the franchise it stays in my heart forever. I am a big fan of this film I even have a poster hang on door in my room, my girlfriend give it to me as gift. I love some other films of Wes Craven that he directed like are New Nightmare, Scream, Shocker,The People Under the Stairs, Scream 2 and Scream 3. A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984) for me will be always in the genre the best slasher classic horror film written and directed by Wes Craven. He gave us Freddy Krueger which was followed six sequels one crossover and one remake after success of the first film that gross $26.505.000 in USA. The sequel after the first film A Nightmare on Elm Street Part 2: Freddy's Revenge was refused from Wes Craven to work on the film because he never wanted or intended A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984) to become an ongoing franchise (and even wanted the first film to have a happy ending), and also because he didn't like the idea of Freddy manipulating the protagonist into committing the murders. The sequel for me wasn't a good movie after the original was released. My top 5 films of We Craven would be A Nightmare On Elm Street, Scream , New Nightmare, Shocker and The People Under the Stairs. The first film is so original, realistic, and overall terrifying horror classic slasher flick that is actually happening in dreams, a sociopath child killer with sharp clawed glove who has knives in stead for a fingers, can enter into your dreams. If he kills you in your dreams, you're dead for real. The main protagonist is Nancy Thompson a teenager where her friends start dying and are killed one by one from Freddy Krueger, she try's to warn people from Freddy coming in to their dreams, but no one listens to her not her father the Sheriff not her mom or her friends. Her parents hold a dark secret from her long ago. She is alone in this and she has to fight him by her self by going back in to her dreams and get Freddy out of her dream in to the real world. Nancy the character was so clever, smart and intense carefully. She was awesome unique legendary heroine did you see how she put booby-traps for Freddy? Awesome!Tina Grey played by Amanda Wyss, is really good in her role for the short time she is in this film. Heather Langenkamp is excellent in her role as the main protagonist in this film. She's legendary unique teen heroine a very attractive,and gives 100% as Tina's friend Nancy Thompson who starts to have the same nightmares. Robert Englund as Freddy Krueger the actor's contribution to the character is 100% superb. I think that Freddy Kruegar IS Robert Englund and vice versa, even though a lot of his moments in this film are about injecting a scary visual presence, he also creates a mystic before the film's revelation: Who is he? Where does he come from? Why is he doing these things? After the third film of the series, Englund would become a Hollywood star and a horror icon. For me Robert Englund will be the only Freddy Krueger I love him in all Nightmare films. John Saxon as Lt. Donald Thompson, Nancy's dad was fantastic in his role and his performance. Johnny Depp in his first role as Glen Lantz was awesome, I seriously loved him in 21 Jump Street TV Series and today I still love him in Pirates of the Caribbean film franchise. I love the main theme Nightmare Freddy Krueger score from Charles Bernstein and I love the song at the of the credits Nightmare by 213.A Nightmare On Elm Street (1984) is the best classic slasher film,one of the best horror movies ever made. It is one of my personal favorite horror movies. My number one favorite horror film in the franchise and it will always be the best one in the series. I have always enjoyed seeing this film, it is fast paced, entertaining, not boring or over long film, but short and very intense from the beginning till the end. I love this movie death. 10/10 Grade: Bad Ass Seal Of ApprovalThe "Nightmare" has been recently on in our TV and I must admit that even after those fourteen years it made a deep impression on me. I saw the film for the first time in 1989 and at that time I was scared because I was just a teenager then. But now, I can see that the film has got something unique, which makes the film different from other horror movies. I think it`s down to the basic idea of this film - dreams and everything that can happen in our dreams sometimes become true. The authors of this film did not have to be bound with the need to stay realistic and that opens a free way to their wildest imaginations. Charles Bernstein`s music in this movie has become clasic and we can hear the basic melodic motive in some of the sequels. Original music composed by different authors in the sequels to this first Nightmare stays far far behind Bernstein`s masterpiece.A Nightmare on Elm Street, one of the scariest movies of all time, and one of the scariest in the 80's. It also introduced one of the scariest villains of all time, Freddy Krueger, one of the ultimate boogeymen that you know who he is just by his name. Wes Craven brought us one of the most terrifying ideas, what would happen if your nightmares were real? That if you died in your dream, you died in real life? He brought us A Nightmare on Elm Street, a low budget horror film that has made it huge in the horror genre's world. The whole concept of the film is just what makes it so brilliant. Not to mention how cool is it that this is Johnny Depp's first film role? Who knew that that kid was going to be so huge one day, right? But the entire cast made this into one of the scariest movies that will always bring you a few nightmares on it's own.Tina is a girl who has been having tons of nightmares about a scary figure, a man who is severely burned and has knives for fingers. She's so scared of this man that she asks her friends, Nancy, Nancy's boyfriend, Glenn, and her boyfriend, Rod to stay over. But Tina is brutally killed in the middle of the night, the only witness is her boyfriend, leaving him as the suspect of murder. But when he is murdered in jail, Nancy knows there's something wrong and soon she's having the same nightmares as Tina. Soon she knows that she might be next, no one believes her, until her mom reveals a deep dark secret about the mysterious figure, Freddy Krueger. He was a sick child molester/killer who the neighbors burned alive to keep him away, but now he's after their kids and he's not going to take it easy on Nancy.A classic horror film that's perfect for a sleep over with your friends to watch in the dark. It's such a great film that sparked quite a few sequels and a new icon for slasher films. Freddy Krueger is so cool and extremely scary just for the fact that he's so confident in knowing that he will kill you. He's ruthless, scary, and clever and he's coming to kill the kids in their dreams. A Nightmare on Elm Street is such a great film and I highly recommend it, Wes Craven is an original genius who spawned a new type of terror.10/10This movie might very well be one of the best horror movies of all time, together with movies like "Poltergeist", "Dawn of the Dead (1978)" "The Exorcist" and "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre (1974)".I didn't expected it to be but this movie was just brilliant. Certainly the best slasher movie ever made. There are several things that make this movie a good horror classic. Of course the classic 'killer' Freddy Kruger is one of them. Another thing is the concept. Yes, the story of course is just simply ridiculous at times but it's the perfect concept to fill a movie with, with some scary scene's and brutal killings with tons of blood.The movie has the same scary gritty atmosphere like a horror movie from the 70's, when the horror genre was at an all-time high. The actors are giving their best but some of the dialog is just plain cheesy. Still I think that the actors should deserve more credit then they are getting right now, especially Johnny Depp made a impressive movie debut. The talent was already showing, back then. His role in this movie was way bigger than I expected it to be by the way.Really entertaining horror classic. Some things might look cheesy, especially the ending (I really laughed my butt off!) and the story in general but the atmosphere, gore and Kruger make up everything! Guess you have to be a fan of the genre to fully appreciate it though.10/10http://bobafett1138.blogspot.com/I love A Nightmare On Elm Street. Every time i watch this i think it has a terrific energy and strength running through it. I like the way the film starts with Freddy Kruegar making his Finger Knife Glove in his basement cellar, then the music kicks in (what a creepy score) as the first teenager is frantically running around his maze-like Boiler Room in her dream state. Freddy is only hinted at in the shadows or ripping through cloth with his glove and i love the way you can hear animals and creepy noises emitting from all around Tina, as she becomes cornered before Freddy comes out of the shadows. A great opening.Tina Grey is played by Amanda Wyss, who is really good in her role for the short time she is in this film. I always remember her character in this film the way i remember the Chrissie Watkins character at the start of Jaws, i think you know what i'm coming too. Tina's encounter with Freddy in her backyard is my favourite moment in this film, and it is one of the most horrifying deaths I've ever seen. Its frightening to see and if you are faint hearted at splashing blood then look away because it is a screamer.Heather Langenkamp is excellent in this film. Shes very attractive,and gives 100% as Tina's friend Nancy Thompson who starts to have the same nightmares. My favourite moments with Nancy are mostly her scary encounters with Freddy scored to an energetic music beat by Charles Bernstein. I would say part of the movie's success is down to his creepy score. I also love the bathroom scene when Nancy falls asleep, absolutely gross and hilarious at the same time. The thing is, these 'funny' moments are actual imagines of how Freddy wants to prey on his victims before killing them, this is done in this first film with a measured discipline, then you watch The Dream Master and Freddy is basically killing kids while being 100% comic about it as well.One of my favourite other scenes in this film is when Nancy is following Tina's corpse down her School halls (having falling asleep)and runs into a prefect women who states 'Wheres your pass?' Nancy doesn't respond in kind, and as she goes running down the hall, the girl reveals herself to be Freddy 'No running in the hallway' an eerie moment that is funny too.Finally, special mention must go to Robert Englund as Freddy Kruegar. This actor's contribution to the character is 100% superb. I think that Freddy Kruegar IS Robert Englund and vice versa, even though a lot of his moments in this film are about injecting a scary visual presence, he also creates a mystic before the film's revelation: Who is he? Where does he come from? Why is he doing these things? After the third film of the series, Englund would become a Hollywood star and a horror icon. Rightfully so.A Nightmare On Elm Street is a classic horror thriller and, along with Halloween, is one of the best horror movies ever made.The 80's biggest horror landmark was this smash-hit that brought director Craven into mainstream film and gave birth to an unstoppable horror icon!Young lady discovers that she and her friends are having the same terrifying dreams about a scar-faced maniac, who's about to transcend into murderous life!Wes Craven's biggest claim to fame, A Nightmare on Elm Street was a far more imaginative slasher film than the numerous others that flooded the 80's cinema scene. Craven's clever premise and inventively shocking story added a kind of dark fantasy element that made this film so much more engrossing (and frightening) than the average slasher flick. It also turned villain Freddy Kruger into the biggest horror icon since the monsters of 50's horror cinema. Craven's direction is truly great, giving this film plenty of feverish atmosphere, tight suspense, and a share of good scares! Adding even more to the movie is the occasional touch of dark humor, who could ever forget that 'tounge phone' bit. The movie also has lots of gruesome special FX as well. The Elm Street theme by Charles Bernstein is a nicely chilling touch too.The cast is quite good. Heather Langenkamp makes for a terrific and likable heroine. John Saxon and Ronee Blakley are both great as Langenkamp's disbelieving parents. Amanda Wyss, Nick Corri, and Johnny Depp (in his debut role) are also great as some troubled Elm Street youths. Robert Englund is a power-house villain as Freddy Kruger.A modern horror classic all the way, A Nightmare on Elm Street is still making folks afraid to sleep all these years later!Followed by numerous sequels.**** out of ****This is a terrific, truly original horror movie.I consider myself a fan of all the "Nightmare on Elm Street" films, but this movie is, along with part 3, the finest the series has to offer.There is much to recommend about this movie.First of all, this movie treated the killer (Freddy Krueger) with respect. As the series wore on, each successive film played him more and more for laughs.  But, in this movie, he's a force to be reckoned with.Besides that, the concept is truly unique - a sociopathic child killer who can enter into your dreams.  If he kills you in your dreams, you're dead for real.The movie is shot in a very eerie, dark style which adds to the suspense. The performances are all enjoyable.Overall, I highly recommend this movie if you like horror films at all.I rate this a 10 out of 10.Do you need a big budget to make a good Horror Movie? No, Wes Craven and many other Directors of that Genre proved that more than once. From today's point of view some special effects might look a bit poor but some others are still impressive and they still stick in my mind. What I impressed more than the blood and gore scenes are the creation of a new kind of Horror figure: Freddy Krueger. In a kind he is a modern Vampire. He isn't like Bela Lugosi's or Christopher Lee's Dracula a fashionable and handsome man who tries to seduce his victims. No he is more like Max Schreck's Count Orlok of the classic Nosferatu. An ugly person you fear when you see him. Freddy Krueger doesn't suck out the blood but the sucks out the fear of his victims. He needs their fear to live and like a Cat with a Mouse he plays with his victims before he kills them. Most of them are teenager and like a Vampire he is coming into the night when all the children sleep. If one of the youngsters let him in their dream it's pretty difficult to survive for them.It's not so easy to create a horror figure. Director Wes Craven had the luck to find with Robert Englund the perfect cast for this role. Also some of the young actresses and actors are showing good performances. As Max Schreck was Count Orlok Robert Englund is Freddy Krueger. No wonder that so many sequels would follow. Next to the creation of a perfect new horror monster the whole movie follows somehow the concept of old classics. If you hear a children song in a horror movie it's always scary. The concept of the plot is like an old urban legend, myth or old classic ghost story. A young teenage girl is telling his parents that she dreamed of a monster that tried to kill her. Nobody believes her and keep on telling her it's just a nightmare. Freddy Krueger cannot come into the dreams of adults they don't have the imagination of fantasy anymore.Next to the plot I was always impressed of the style of directing and photography of A Nightmare on Elm Street. It's 80's style with contemporary music. The movie it self has a Gothic nightmarish atmosphere but Wes Craven used the colors and the look of the 1980's for it. The first A Nightmare on Elm Street Movie isn't a typical Horror Mainstream product. Wes Craven not only broke with some of the common rules of the genre he also reinvented some old classic rules of the genre into a new light. I highly recommend this piece of 80's culture to every movie fan not only the horror fans. If you don't like horror series don't watch the sequels but watch Wes Craven's Version of a Nightmare.This movie is much different from other horror movies because it's more about the story and mystery and less on pointless killings.in some pointless horror movies I think to my self when pricks get slashed d by an obvious killer I say "yeah sure there getting killed but gives a cares". But in Nightmare on elm street is clever psychological suspense. By 1984, the slasher genre was wearing thin. Halloween bombed out with number 3, and Friday the 13th was falling into the dreadful mix of completely cliché horror. Without A Nightmare on Elm Street, that could have been it for the slasher film. With it, however, the genre was brought off the respirator for another 10 years when Craven did it again with Scream, but I digress. Wes Craven delivers a very original, creative, and well played out horror film that has the perfect level of plot, fright, gore, and imagination. The balance of these elements is key, as it gives you the best of all of them, without becoming too cliché, too bloody, or too silly.And I'm not talking about no stinking Santa Claus! I'm talking about Freddy Krugger, the king of 80's horror! The original "Nightmare On Elm Street" is still considered a modern masterpiece of horror where for once, I didn't get no sleep at night. I remember watching the original film back in Halloween of 2000 where I thought that Freddy Krugger had gotten me until my dad woke me up to see if I was okay. Luckily, there weren't any bruises or cuts on me before leaving to school the next day.Starting on my review.Wes Craven's "A Nightmare on Elm Street" is about a group of kids led by Nancy (Heather Lagenkamp) where her friends have one thing in common: They see the same guy in their dreams. Freddy Krugger looks like a burned piece of meat after coming out of the fire where he wears a red and green stripe sweater and has long knives as fingernails and chases his victims when they're asleep giving them a souvenir. One night, Nancy invites her friends for a sleepover where one of them is brutally attacked by the monster himself where nobody believes Nancy or her pals about the incident.To this day, A Nightmare on Elm Street scares the living crap out of me where every night before I go to bed, I try to tell myself that it's only a movie.Sweet dreams, everybody!