I may not have grown up with the legend of La Llorona, but I grew up with a healthy respect for superstitions and things that cannot be explained. In a number of Latinx communities, some of us give our children a piece of jewelry or amulet to ward off the evil eye. Mine is a bracelet of black and red beads that my mother bought. Even if you're not a true believer of such curses, it's preferable to be safe than sorry.The Haters and bad Reviewers always have issues with understanding any film. Do not believe what they say they are lying through their teeth with their stupid reviews.This film was unspeakably terrifying, I dont get scared easily but this one will terrify you from start to finish. It is haunting, dark.Masterpiece in the making a great cast, phenomenal directing and absolutely magnificent performances by all cast.A truly edge of your seat Horror that will leave you breathless. She is so terrifying and she is coming for you. An outstanding 10/10Very good this horror movie. i recommed this to you..This movie was soooooo good! Totally scary and I would of been bummed out if I didn't see it in Theaters. If you like scary movies GO! Just as good as Conjuring!Based on the legendary "La Llorona". This movie is by far the best horror film. No other horror films have given me goose bumps, made me jump or the need for taking deep breaths throughout the entire movie like this one! We are a family lover big on horror films and everyone loved it. This is BEST by far, beating the Conjuring, Annabelle, Insidious, the Nun etc...Most horror films feature their scary parts during the night time but La Llorona is day and night settings. This is a MUST SEE!!It was a very good movie. Suspenseful from beginning to end. A lot of scenes that made me jump. Great cast. Enjoyed it very much!After a long time James Wan has done a great job on this movie,it's a must watch for horror movie fans.Great story and very creepy. Love James Wan movies!'Haunting'
A really good horror movie after the conjuring universeLove this one....kinda spookie, kinda thriller......watch in Atmos dolby soundsystem...really scary....make you feel the touch of the ghost....scary....when she grab your wrinkle .....Ooucchh scary......don't watch it alone......