Right, Let it be known, this film is f****n quality! Genuinely, i watched it with no expectations- the cheeky marketing of it revealing very little worked perfectly in my instance. The opening 5/10mins meets characters, and almost tricks you into a false sense of calm and normality.When 'events proceed', the camcorder style filming instills a genuine realism to events, and the films definitely feeds off the mass concern and shock at global events/terrorist attacks/disasters, and the disjointed way news feeds through.I will say no more but this- watch this film. Don't go finding too much out, just watch, and get taken to a place most fiction movies aren't able to transport viewers to. Intense has been said a lot in other peeps reviews its exactly that. Proper Rocks.OutWith all of the crazy viral marketing (that started way too early) some people were worried if it could live up to the hype. It COMPLETELY surpassed my expectations, and I went in expecting it to be good in the first place. Once things pick up and start rolling about 15 minutes in, I didn't relax until the credits started rolling. Yes, they give you a few brief moments to catch your breath, but even then you're still on edge, waiting for the next attack. I can't imagine this movie being executed in any way other than the hand held approach. They somehow managed to pull off SEVERAL absolutely beautiful shots/camera angles while still fitting into the hand held setting. The acting and dialog is so natural that it doesn't feel like they're acting a script...at ALL. It's incredibly intense, you're really pulled into the character's corners, and it's filmed wondrously. If you get motion sickness easily, you'll probably want to wait 'till this is out on DVD. Other than that...GO SEE THIS MOVIE. It's one of the greatest monster movies of all time. Actually...scratch that...it's THE greatest monster movie of all time.Cloverfield is nothing like your average Hollywood movie. Entirely filmed from the perspective of a (shaky) handy-cam, one would not expect a very visually attractive movie. This movie proves that this assumption would be so damn wrong. The story starts at a yuppie party, but then crap hits the fan. And when I mean crap hits the fan, it really does hit the fan hard. Cloverfield is a very intense movie and the first person view really makes you feel like you are in the middle of something that you would try to avoid in real life. It has been a long time ago that I sat through a movie with clenched fists and my jaw on the floor most of the time, but this movie managed to do so. Nevertheless the movie still has its funny moments, which are timed right, so it does not take away from the tension. I could say much more about this movie, but it is really something you should see for yourself. Get the tickets now!If you are gonna do shaky cam,This is the way to do it! This was
an absolutely thrilling and truly terrifying ride! Fantastic acting with realism that makes this movie Gripping and very Intense.
The monster ,especially at the end, is heartstopping in size and appearance, Whoa! I normally hate shaky cam stuff for its uaually reserved for movies with lame acting ,no plotline and bad effects but here, this movie takes that concept and makes it work..the effects are top notch and terrifying as is the sound mastering..The roars of the monster, the buildings crashing, metal creaking, the thuds and explosions are superb! Just a Wow! movie that deserves a look by any scifi fan..okay, my dad came home from work the other day with four new DVD's, I legend, Alien vs predator,American gangster and clover field. We put on clover field, As being a thriller fan i was drawn right in it was great how the characters were introduced, and how you could go through there life without noticing that they were acting, Sure the start went for to long but it built up to a great story. I was so surprised when they just got attacked and i never saw it coming. It was just so good how the filming Made you feel like you were in the same place as they were and had you at the edge of your seats, Unlike my dad i loved the film and it kept me entertained for the whole 80 Mins i reckon it has to be one of the greatest thriller film ever!I went to see this movie at 12:01 A.M. on Friday morning, the first show, and thought the movie was great. Althoguh I will tell you that if you get motion sickness or easy headaches DO NOT see this film, and if you do move as far away from the screen as possible! My friend got a bad headache and we were halfway up in the biggest theater in at the place which probably holds about 300-400 people. I was not affected because I would just close my eyes for a moment if I felt like it was a lot of moving and it would help my eyes a lot. But I went into this film with no real knowledge of the film and no expectations. The marketing of this film was brilliant, and I believe they delivered a very good film with it! Now people are coming out and saying there was no plot or back story, and felt it was hard to relate or understand the characters, but what people aren't getting is that Cloverfield isn't supposed to be that kind of film. It is a film that we are supposed to watch as if we basically found or were shown footage from an attack on NYC by an unknown creature! I thought the film was effective and I truly felt as if I was with the characters while this all was happening and experiencing it with them, so it's not supposed to be a film with character development or a real plot or explanation. The film feels eerily similar to watching a 9/11 footage video, and when you watch those you feel for the people but don't need or expect a plot about them. Don't get me wrong their is a story within the film, but I'll just leave it at that. I thought the film was very innovative and almost ground breaking in the way it was shot and the feel you get from it! Great Job!Simply put, this movie was incredible. I'm not going to spend any time going into plot detail, or try to make an explanation for everything, because the best way to go into this film is not knowing anything at all. To me, it was a lot like 300 in the sense that this film has placed itself far away from everything else out there that's thrilling and filled with action. (don't take that comment literally, there's no spartan's in this movie, or huge holes for kicking people in... that said, 300 was totally awesome!) When I left the theater, Cloverfield had me waiting for the movie to keep taking place in real life. I felt like I had been right there all along, and that's the feel you get from the unique first person, free-hand camera angle you get the entire film. Now I'm telling you right now, I've seen tons of movies, I love movies, I even work at Blockbuster!!! (aka huge movie nerd) Go see this movie!!! If you're into action, thrillers, and looking for anything that will inspire or amaze, or even make you question (much like I Am Legend - another great film)... this movie is dauntingly realistic. I'm highly recommending it to you, and telling you, it really is worth it. Don't try and figure everything out, don't try to make an explanation for everything, just watch, and imagine, and this movie will have you at the end of your seat and you'll never get the chance to sit back and catch your breath. Go see it!!!This film had me tense throughout the whole film never have i had so much fun while watching a film it was great i give this 10 out of 10 stars although blare witch haters beware may cause motion sickness headaches anyways those who loved Godzilla and blare witch. this is a film for you !!!! great movie 10-10. And for those people that gave this film a 1 out of 10 you probably don't think that you just want to lower the films rating. This film also delivers more realism than other films can, it made me actually believe what happened in the film was true , because of the video camera type perspective probably. Definitely recommended for people aged 10+Simply one of the best films ever made. Packed house at Pleasure Island. See it in Digital. Exciting while being well paced. Romantic while not being sappy. Tender while being tough. Just like the name Cloverfield, the movie conjures up uncertain, ill defined images and internal reactions. It is the perfect analogy for today's listless world.It was a pleasure to see a film which fully utilized the movie watching experience.Stay until the end credits for a mysterious clue and an amazing piece of music titled "Roar."If nothing else, the overture theme should be nominated for an Oscar.Cloverfield (2008).Chipper F. Xavier, Esq.After its shocking release 10 years prior, a repeat viewing of Cloverfield still manages to disgust and terrify. Unfortunately, many viewers do not recognize its genius. Imagine going to a famously hip New York nightclub on a Saturday evening and being shocked that there are heavy, 808-styled drumbeats interspersed throughout the catchy-but-vacuous lyrics as half-drunk people madly carouse about the parquet dance floor. A reasonable person would argue that you should have known what to expect. An open-minded person might even say, "... heck, that was different!" But only a 'hater' would exclaim: "That sucked!"Cloverfield, directed by Matt Reeves, written by Drew Goddard and produced by J.J. Abrams, is a shaky-camera, found footage horror film which begs the question: What would happen if a gigantic, intelligent, malevolent alien monster attacked New York City? In order to properly frame this fantastical event, the director filmed the movie using a hand-held camera to establish a sense of timely realism and cast relative unknowns as protagonists to force the audience to focus on what was happening within the camera frame. The result is partly unique, partly hilarious, very unexpected and 100% terrifying... But only if you, the viewer, allow a willing suspension of disbelief.Cloverfield works well because the field of view is grounded by normal twenty-somethings attending a going away party for a friend, brother and paramour, as viewed behind the lens of a handicam. When this banal celebration is interrupted by the surreal experience of unnatural disasters in a population-dense New York City, the fear is amplified and very real as the audience is taken along for a very bumpy ride.Some of the more original OMG-worthy moments include: 1) The head of the Statue Of Liberty flying through the air to land at the fleeing feet of pedestrians; 2) The giant, rampaging monster disgorging smaller babies from its body that fall to the ground and immediately begin attacking people; 3) The giant, rampaging monster carefully considering the cameraman before ruthlessly biting him in half.You don't have to like roller-coasters, haunted houses or Santa Claus to enjoy a good horror flick - but you are probably in the minority of the human population if you don't. Escapism only works if you give it permission - or else, you'll always be that person wondering why everyone but you is having such a great time.