I saw this movie with my wife and I have to say this was even better than I ever thought possible!All these people that want to compare this to episode 4 are just the type of people I am sure that just can't be pleased no matter what you do for them. Wake up spammers with boring lives, This is STAR WARS driven by the best part of the force. I consider this a continuation of brilliance at its finest. You people that endlessly cry about this movie did actually see it, right? LOL Can't wait to see this story continue for years to come. This has made me an even bigger fan of Star Wars. I thought the acting was top notch, especially Harrison Ford, he stepped right back into that role perfectly.Enjoy an amazing movie for exactly what it is.........AMAZING!I know this, among many other reviews, will just find themselves lost in translation with thousands of others. But that wont deter me from conveying how simply awesome this movie was. It was truly a Star Wars movie. To have just enough fresh material meshed so fluidly with the old stuff everyone loves is a truly amazing feat.I've read countless reviews that say this movie has lost all heart and doesn't feel like a Star Wars movie and the answer to that is simply........wrong.From glorious dogfights to scene stealing droids to gritty lightsaber battles this movie has everything I want in a Star Wars film. And more! There are some real moments of raw emotion too that I think the Prequels tried to instill but just couldn't.The plot is perfection, the new characters had perfect chemistry with the old, the effects were even more mind blowing than the trailers led to me believe, etc etc etc Please don't even bother reading any laughable negative reviews, simply see this spectacle for yourself.10A fantastic addition to the Star Wars series!Great story, excellent acting, brilliant action, and so on.The photography was sweeping and excellent. The characters were imaginative and fresh. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and would watch it again without hesitation.The plot was easily the best of the entire series and the cast were all outstanding in their parts.I truly look forward to the next installment and hope J. J. is at the helm. (Scratch that, he actually is!!!!)My expectations were very, very high for this movie.Starting with the opening scene, a typical Star Wars opening, I wondered how well it was done. I wondered how it would be different and yet new, rebooting some of the old and original without seeming stagnant.JJ delivered on the Star Trek reboot and he absolutely nailed this one as well.He made it his own movie, he engaged original characters by engaging the new and the old. He let the characters tell their own stories without pushing over the boundaries. The story flowed.John Williams does it again. Harrison Ford was spectacular. The newcomers were fun, engaging and "cheer" worthy.My only complaint is this: do I really have to wait 2 more years to see the next amazing one directed by Abrams?!Someone pass me the Xanax while I wait, please!!!I know biased fanboys of the painfully average, outdated original trilogy will cluelessly cry about this, but yes, The Force Awakens is the most well made film of the Star Wars saga. This film has all the goodness of the original movies, characters who are easily likable, incredible effects, John Williams' rousing musical score and a great time at the cinema, enjoyable with our families and friends. But there are things which are even better than the original movies. Interaction between the lead characters is so natural, you got to commend the writers and the director J J Abrams for their amazing work. Most blockbuster films today tend to focus on spectacle and visual effects enhanced action over tender human moments. This film balances action and human drama amazingly well. The new characters are extremely memorable, the new actors Daisy Ridley and John Boyega are wonderful in their roles, along with Oscar Isaac. BB8 is extremely adorable, dare I say even better than R2D2. Adam Driver as Kylo Ren is a worthy villain, with the best motion capture actor in the world Andy Serkis, doing what he does best, as Supreme Leader Snoke. The visual effects on display here are incredible, and unlike the prequels which were ruined by their CGish feel, this one relies on practical effects. Almost everything in this film looks real, the stormtroopers look real, because they are real mean in armor, kudos for J J Abrams for not using CGI even for closeup shots of troopers. J J Abrams is a better director than George Lucas, and that will be very clear when you see the film. This film deserves every award and acclaim it received. A film as widely anticipated and hyped as this can rarely ever be this good, and yet........it is!Ten out of Ten against the negative whiny fan-boys. This movie is really amazing, and MOST of the world LOVE this film. Box office!!!It is a fun Star Wars ride in every way. It COULD have been worse, but JJ did an amazing job pulling this off. Felt like Star Wars all the way. No one complained in the first few weeks, and then... let the haters go home and leave the rest of the world enjoying this movie Finn and Rey all the way!!!!I simply cannot comprehend how anyone would give this a bad review. It was, without a doubt brilliant. The directing was amazing, to the point where you're so immersed in the scenes, I actually felt giddy during some of the flight scenes, it feels like you're actually IN the ship. The special effects are tastefully done, and are a perfect follow on from its predecessors. Nostalgia rules in this thrilling film, we felt like applauding several times throughout, and got goosebumps in some amazing scenes. It was also surprisingly humorous, (in appropriate amounts), and the balance of new characters versus returning characters and story lines was brilliant. 10 out of 10 for me!I'm a veeeeery long-term Star Wars fan, since back in '77.The Force Awakens was absolutely brilliant - everyone in the IMAX cinema clapped and cheered at the end. And it was a mixed audience too, not just Star Wars nerds like myself.I would describe this movie as a Star Wars that's real and gritty - I felt immersed in every scene, and not once was the spell broken, unlike the tragic prequels.The acting was superb, cinematography was amazing, and I could never tell when CGI was being used! Story was excellent with some unexpected twists, music great as always, action sequences were breathtaking. Everyone in the cinema was quite emotional by the end. I don't know how some people are giving this a low rating, they must be paid trolls getting that big payola payday from someone. LOL just kidding, that's literally the single dumbest thing i've ever heard. XDLooking forward to watching this again and again!Thanks J.J. for coming through ; )With this absolute epic, Star Wars.....is......back! JJ Abrams achieved a small miracle in creating a movie that respects its original material, brings in a ton of new characters, makes it appealing for new viewers and sets up a story to build a new Star Wars trilogy on. Without giving away too many spoilers, the story revolves around a scavenger (Rey), a renegade stormtrooper(Finn) and a fighter pilot(Poe) in their quest to defeat an enemy with the power to endanger the galaxy. To be honest, actual great acting has never been a strong point in any of the previous Star Wars movies. This trend has thankfully been broken, as the stellar cast give great performances throughout the whole movie. The newcomers Daisy Ridley and John Boyega, playing as Rey and Finn respectively, prove themselves more than capable of carrying the load in continuing the saga. They both show great chemistry together and give us extremely likable characters, with Rey bringing the heart of the film and Finn the abundant energy. Oscar Isaacs, who plays Poe, is the veteran among the young cast and pulls of a cool and smart-ass X-wing pilot. And finally, the old cast returns to give this film a true Star Wars feel to it. Harrison Ford returns as Han Solo and has not seemed to skip a beat since 1983, as he is as cheeky and bad-ass as ever. His witty banter with Chewbacca is a pleasure to watch, but Ford also brings a strong emotional performance this time too. Carrie Fisher as Leia also returns, in a rather small role, and delivers some sweet scenes with Han and the new cast. However, the most complex character with the best arc in this movie, is the antagonist Kylo Ren. Ren, played by Adam Driver, gives us an extremely intimidating villain with a troubled past we are eager to discover. Ultimately, he serves us more than a Darth Vader wannabe. JJ Abrams alongside Lawrence Kasdan wrote a fun and entertaining screenplay with plenty of emotional plot twists and content. Each main character has its own background and motivation, which develops over the duration of the film. A pleasant surprise to see is the humor used in the movie. The comedic relief in the film was used very effectively in developing chemistry and sympathy for the characters. It is also a sign that the movie does not take itself too seriously as the prequels did. The Force Awakens is filled with exhilarating action and moves with great pace during these scenes. Yet, Abrams knows to slow it down during scenes conveying intense emotion giving the audience time to process all that is thrown at them. These combined make it easy to understand the main characters' motivations, making the emotional investment so much better. As is typical of Star Wars, the movie is full of awe inspiring visual images and astonishing sound editing, creating new sounds for laser beams, light sabers, and alien noises. The cinematography is equally impressive, showing beautiful landscape shots of new planets reminiscent of the original trilogy. The cinematographer also shows us a diverse array of shots, giving heart- pounding POV shots inside the cockpit and nice long shots of the battlefield giving it a great scope while avoiding confusion caused by the numerous explosions. John Williams makes a welcome return to the Star Wars franchise with a bombastic new score, but also with nicely timed inserts of his famous original music to bring up emotional heartwarming feeling among the old-school fans. In conclusion, The Force Awakens is a return to greatness for the Star Wars franchise. This beautiful reunion of old characters combined with the introduction of promising new characters results in an emotional, adventure trip that left me excited for what is coming next. To quote Jimmy Kimmel, this movie was probably "the most anticipated sequel since the New Testament". So expect this movie to be under the most intense scrutiny by reviewers as they dissect the movie to its core to find the tiniest (I.E. laughably non-existent) flaws. In the end, The Force Awakens delivers as a fantastic Star Wars film and an incredibly worthy addition to the franchise.This new edition to the Star Wars franchise is arguably the best by  far. It combines the time-tested formula with the new and raw ideas  Disney brings to the table. From the moment the traditional text crawl  appears, this movie will keep you at the edge of your seat serving you  with action-packed scenes and unpredictable reveals that will surely  make you wanting for more.  One thing I particularly adored is how this new movie creativity uses  the Force. Disney has steered away from the boring 'push and pull'  concept and found ways you could never imagine the Force can be applied  and used on.  The presence of the old cast was monumental as it helped the old  audience transition to the new heroes — as they have similar (but also  diverse) qualities with their old counterparts. The ending, as  expected, is a major cliff-hanger. Expect to walk out of the cinema  dazed, amazed and confused as the movie, not only, answer the old  questions, but at the same time unfold new mysteries for the audience  to ponder on. Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a movie this generation  should really see. I genuinely recommend you see it on IMAX so you may  experience the Force in a way that will leave you lost in thought in  the days to come.  You-are-wel-come…