For film fanatics like myself, Blade Runner 2049 is a great film for people to see, regardless if they've witnessed the original or not. On the other hand, if you've never seen the original Blade Runner and are just a casual moviegoer that have thought of the promotion for this film as being an action-packed thrill ride, then I'd have to warn to stay far away from this near three hour motion picture. It's very hard to review this film without getting into specific plot details, but that's exactly what makes this film worth the price of admission alone. For nearly every reason a film fan should be excited about a movie, here is why Blade Runner 2049 is a must see as soon as possible. Before dropping you into this world with Ryan Gosling's character, there is text at the beginning that will fill you in on the history of the events in the past, but even though that information is given to you, your experience just won't be the same without having viewed the first film multiple times and remembering the emotional core of it. Set out on a mission to find something of meaning to the overall story, Ryan Gosling's character (who will remain nameless for the sake of this review) uncovers mysteries and secrets from the past, inevitably involving Rick Deckard. Quite honestly, that's the plot in a nutshell and the specifics of the film will lead to ruining your experience, so let's get technical. If not for anything else, Blade Runner 2049 benefits from some of the best cinematography I've laid my eyes on in years. From the addition of the seamlessly blended visual effects, to the mind- blowing scenery constructed by the entire art department, I have nothing but praise for this film. Whether or not you find yourself enjoying your experience, the visuals alone should have you applauding, due to their incredibly detailed nature. I personally found the overall film to be magnificent, but when certain scenes were dialogue-free and asking you to gasp at the imagery, that's exactly what I was doing, as I feel many audiences members will. Again, without giving anything away, once Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) enters the picture, the way both films sort of interconnect was brilliant in my opinion. It does justice to any loose ends that fans may have wanted in the past, as well as create a new story to gawk at in the process. With a terrifically restrained performance by Ryan Gosling, you'll find yourself sucked into this world as a fly on the wall, as he uncovers these mysteries. With the addition of Harrison Ford giving one of his most sincere and memorable performances, as well as Ana de Armas in a role that really took me by surprise, this film was casted to the nines from beginning to end. Some may complain about Jared Leto and Dave Bautista not being included as much, but I felt as though the served the story quite nicely. In the end, this movie aims to impress Sci-Fi fans across the world, but I feel as though the people who will be looking back on this as a possible classic or at least one of the best sequels ever made, are those who've had the pleasure of indulging in the greatness that is 1982's Blade Runner. I don't say this about films very often, especially when talking about sequels, but I haven't been this immersed in a theatrical experience in quite some time. This is definitely a superior film than the original, it's one of the best films of 2017, and I'll be revisiting it very soon. Blade Runner 2049 is getting a lot of praise and awards consideration from critics and filmgoers across the world, and every bit of it is deserved. Aside from being very long, this is pretty much a perfect film if you don't try to nitpick how it connects and certain questions that aren't blatantly answered. If you know what type of film you're in for, or you've at least seen the original and enjoyed it, I can't recommend this movie enough.Denis Villeneuve, you magnificent world wonder, you did it again!I have seen this film three times in the cinema, in 3D, 2D and 4DX.And one of the things i have noticed with this film, is that it's not the time in the cinema that takes up my time, It's the hours upon hours in between spent thinking about the film, that is the real time consumer. This film left such a deep and profound impact, which i cannot escape. And I've gone back to the cinema twice to be "tortured", but it's worth it.It's a dark, mysterious, grim, hopeless, sad and lonely film, set in a possible near future where the human race is hanging by their fingertips on the edge of doom. So it's quite depressing. But it's so brilliantly put together, the closest master of cinema i think of that has done something similar, is Stanley Kubrick.Many Stanley Kubrick films were also "hated" by many when they first released. "2001: A Space Odyssey" for example, which had gorgeous visuals, but felt flat and hollow for many, even professional reviewers back then. But what Kubrick did best with his films, was to create afterthought. People left the cinema feeling confused and even depressed, but the movies planted a seed which then grew for years. The original Blade Runner also accomplished this. BR2049 is no exception, this movie will without doubt live on to be interpreted, analyzed and discussed for decades to come. The story continues from the original, but stands completely on it's own, it tells a new story that directly interlink with the original, but without trying to be a copy, it's a natural continuation in the same universe. You don't have to see the original Blade Runner first, though i do recommend it, see the final cut.BR2049 has some of the most gorgeous visuals i have ever seen, and the cinematography is out of this world, there is literally no excuse not to give Roger Deakins the Oscar this time. After 13 nominations he has now knocked the ball out of the park and is this year in his own league entirely. It's confusing to look at something so gorgeous, whilst painting a picture of such a sad and lost world. It sort of collides with your senses, your eyes say it's beautiful, your mind say it's depressing. Which senses are you going to believe? What does it mean? At least don't confuse feeling depressed as a sign that this movie is bad, it's nothing wrong feeling depressed, take it in, embrace it. Then you will know how it feels to be a replicant that's trapped in a caged mind.BR2049's story happens 30 years after the original, and there is three short films on Youtube i recommend you watch. These short films describes some of what happened in between 2019 and 2049. Watching them makes it slightly easier to understand some of the things going on. But the underlying theme is the same as it was in the original. What does it mean to be human? What does it mean to have memories? What is a soul? And so on.The world has gone darker in 2049, climate is spinning out of control, almost all animals and plants have died. People are desperate and lost, law enforcement can barely keep anything together, and only a small spark can set of total disaster, which is looming just around every corner. Niander Wallace has taken over Tyrell Corp and has by the time 2049 takes place designed millions of obedient replicants that does exactly what he tells them to do. But there is one thing Wallace has not been able to perfect, and that's what the main story is all about, and Wallace will do anything in his power to get his hands on the "technology", which will result in him becoming many hundred times richer and more powerful, the sole ruler of the entire universe. He is so far gone in his mind by 2049 he actually believes he is god himself, and he calls his replicants angels.And of course he also uses replicants to do his "dirty work". In 2049 we meet his right hand "girl" Luv (Brilliantly played by Sylvia Hoeks, if there is one actor in this movie that steal the show, it's her). Luv is a "handygirl" so to speak, that perform whatever task she is set to do, with no remorse. Or is that entirely true? I can't spoil anything, but look closely at Luv's character arc. All the other actors also do an outstanding job in this film, no bad performances, but i can't talk about all of them due to the word limit in these reviews.Be prepared going to see this film, it's depressing and heavy on your mind, and it demands your full attention. It's one of those rare films who dares to challenge the audience, and by doing so, taking a huge risk, and a 155 million dollar risk at that. The film isn't perfect, but it's close, and it shows the tremendous skills of Denis Villeneuve. And those few mistakes this movie have, are probably just happy little accidents as Rob Ross would have put it. This film is very much like a painting, every stroke of the brush matters, and every little detail is carefully crafted, it takes monumental skills to pull it of.I loved this film, it's the best film I've seen all year, It is a must see, a monumental triumph of a film that's just as good (possibly even better) as the original and one of the best sequels of all time!9.7/10 - MasterpieceAnd BTW Villeneuve's next movie might be Dune, imagine if he brings Deakins and the rest of this team to make that movie. Yeah, I'm going to leave you with that thought. This is basically porn.Let me start by saying that I am a huge Denis Villeneuve fan and absolutely love every movie he made, from his breakthrough drama 'Incendies' to the action thriller 'Sicario'. But when I learned that he was going to make a sequel to Ridley Scott's iconic Blade Runner I had mixed feelings. Would he be able to live up to the expectations and make a sequel that could measure itself with the original? For this reason, I went into the cinema thinking ''This will be a great movie, I am a Villeneuve fan so I have to like it'' but that was a mistake, for once I stopped expecting and just started experiencing the film, I was enchanted by all of its visual beauty. I was wrong to doubt Villeneuve; his 'Blade Runner 2049' even succeeds in transcending in some ways the original masterpiece, especially as a visual experience. The bleak dystopian future Scott so perfectly created is even more beautiful in Villeneuve's 2049, for which a lot of credit has to be given to the brilliant director of photography Roger Deakins, who has made one of his best works (which says a lot). Every shot is brilliant, I loved every single frame and I cannot imagine that he wouldn't get nominated and win an Oscar for this phenomenal work. But also a big thumbs up has to be given to the entire effects team, for Deakins didn't do it all on his own. Deakins isn't the only mastermind at work, for the score is also beautifully done. When I learned that composer Jóhann Jóhannsson (someone who has collaborated multiple times with Villeneuve and did most of the scores for his movies) got fired I was surprised; Jóhannsson has always delivered great work, but according to Villeneuve, his score ''wasn't the right one'' for this movie for it didn't ''resemble Vangelis soundtrack for Blade Runner'' quite enough. So he got replaced by probably the best man in the business nowadays; Hans Zimmer. And as we are used to with the German composer, this was once again sublime and a great homage to the original. Zimmer's 2049 score can be compared to his Dunkirk score, in a way that it unsettles us from the first chord and just as the Second World War movie, it keeps us on the edges of ours seats, especially during the last hour.As for the people who are actually situated in front of the camera, they all play their parts very well. I was especially happy that Ryan Gosling's agent K was indeed the leading man and he did a very good job. I was slightly concerned that it would mostly be about Harrison Ford's Deckard, but luckily that wasn't the case. Nevertheless, Ford gives one of his best performances in years and after all the iconic roles he played once again in recent years (Han Solo, Indiana Jones) this is by far the best. The smaller but important roles are also noteworthy; Robin Wright's Lieutenant Joshi makes a fierce and convincing police chief, while the villain duo Jared Leto's Neander Wallace as the evil head of a corporation at the top of the new world order and his frightening hit-woman Luv (Sylvia Hoeks) are also very impressive. Last but not least, Ana de Armas is also very good as Joi, K's girlfriend (even if she does remind me a lot of Scarlet Johansson in 'Her' and slightly of Alicia Vikander in 'Ex Machina', but maybe that's something Villeneuve did that on purpose and wanted to pay homage to these recent but also very good science-fiction movies).That said, Villeneuve will receive most of the credit, as he should. For unlike most of Hollywood's blockbusters nowadays, he doesn't simply deliver us a spectacle with some nice effects or a reboot of the original, but he picks up the threads where Scott left, which was a monumental task, for the original 'Blade Runner' is one of the most impressive and iconic movies ever made. 2049 continues on the same topics raised by the original, making the sequel worth the 35-year long wait; it goes further with what was proposed in the first installment, enriching one another. It is possible that one day a third installment could be made, but that is only if any director will ever find the courage to make another 'Blade Runner', for the bar is raised incredibly high. I believe that in time, 'Blade Runner 2049' will just as the original one, grow into a cult movie, and rightfully so, for it is its own movie, but, just as the original, a visually remarkable, achingly human sci-fi masterpiece. I am not going to say more about it, because the studio has been unusually insistent in its pleas to critics and the first movie viewers not to reveal any plot points, but I am glad they did. Even if I could go on and on about the movie and the difference between replicants and humans (or is there really much of a difference, after all?) the less you know the better, because 2049 feels at its best when it surprises (which is one of Villeneuve's greatest strengths). This is a movie best experienced on the biggest screen in your cinema; trust me, it will be worth your while. As for me, I will most likely try and make some free time in my schedule for the coming days, 'cause I want to go the cinema again, guess what I'm gonna watch...Blade Runner 2049 is the sequel to the 1982 sci-fi classic Blade Runner. Directed by Denis Villeneuve (Arrival, Sicario) and once again based on Philip K. Dick's novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?, it successfully recaptures just about everything excellent about the original and is a superb sequel to one of the greatest and most important science fiction films of all time.Thirty years after the events of the first film, LAPD Officer K (Ryan Gosling) works as a Blade Runner, retiring old rogue replicants (artificial humans) hiding out around the Los Angeles area. One day while on a job, K discovers a long buried secret in the yard of a replicant which leads him on a journey to track down former Blade Runner Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford), who has been missing for decades.Featuring amazing visuals and some of the most philosophical and thought-provoking themes since the original, Blade Runner 2049 is a masterpiece of science fiction and is possibly one of the greatest sequels ever made. I was transfixed the entire time, to the point where I felt that even blinking would cause me to miss something I wanted to see. The cast was brilliant as well, especially Ryan Gosling, who does a fantastic job carrying the film as its lead actor. However, perhaps best of all, is that seeing the original is not a requirement to fully understand everything that is going on, although it would probably still help to have done so beforehand. I'm almost certain that author Philip K. Dick would be proud of this film. I know I am.I rate it a very high 9.5/10I am going to offend when I write how the original Blade Runner left me disappointed. By the end, there were too many unanswered questions for me not to feel anything but jaded. Blade Runner 2049 on the other hand, left me riveted. Ryan Gosling is not exactly synonymous with action films, though from the opening scene, he proves himself to be a powerful, heroic figure. Unlike the original, which toyed with the idea that Deckard was a replicant, 2049 adamantly admits to K's (Gosling) status almost immediately. Though I could criticise Blade Runner 2049 for its anti-climatic finish, it does three things brilliantly. First, the film answers the burning questions the original refused to dignify. Secondly, the film captures the essence of the original's universe. The world feels lived in; where technology and the metal skeletons of architecture blend; where clear demographics and political allegiances exist, an 'us versus them' feel emerging that mirrors the world we live in today. Thirdly, the film immerses the viewer instantly with not just the mystery of its story, but with its score. The sound is thunderous and impactful, exploding across the screen with tremendous effect, while the raw, visceral musical score accompanies this perfectly, serenading us with themes that don't just resemble, in part, the original, but a unique cyber punk style too.The effects are phenomenal, from the fluctuating holographic interfaces, to the flying cars; from the impressive explosions to the dystopian backwaters which surround the spurring metropolis; the effects satisfyingly developing an imperfect future. Although the effects are a necessity in Blade Runner 2049, never does the feature become over-reliant on them, the film's leads been the driving force of this cinematic achievement.The film's introduction sees K completing his manhunt of Sapper Morton (Dave Bautista), an older model replicant, who has found some semblance of peace. K however finds himself caught up in an even bigger investigation, the ramifications of which could be dire, his lieutenant, Joshi (portrayed effectively by Robin Wright), spurring her infallible asset on. It is here we are introduced to Jared Leto's Niander Wallace, the mastermind behind the new generation replicants. Despite been in only a few scenes, his calculated malice sends cold tones throughout the feature, and is further delivered upon by his assistant, Luv (Sylvia Hoecks), whose lack of decency for human life is frighteningly human.Much like the original, Blade Runner 2049 questions what makes us human, and why in the future we would attempt to differentiate ourselves from our creation, when they begin to adopt our traits. Though Gosling's K appears robotic in his movements at times, in his relationships, especially that with virtual intelligence Joi (the lovely Ana De Armas), we witness how human he truly is, their romance been as inventive as it is beautiful. The film takes itself very seriously when demonstrating the poignancy of machines sharing a connection, though the themes of slavery and child-labour, despite still been major topics today, are only briefly discussed.Acting greats like the always entertaining Lenny James, Hiam Abbas, and Edward James Olmos (reprising his role from the original) briefly appear, and despite portraying characters with barely enough screen time to be truly appreciated, their performances nonetheless propel the narrative forward. Furthermore, though Harrison Ford receives second billing, it is not until much later into the film that we are blessed by his on screen presence, his version of Deckard retaining the old 'shoot first ask questions later' routine of his character, yet being deeply melancholic and sympathetic. Blade Runner 2049 is at its core, a futuristic romance, about the importance of freedom, sacrifice and family; a film that gives me hope for the future of Hollywood. This feature is possibly the best film I have seen this year, Denis Vileneuve again proving himself to be an outstanding director.This is an amazing piece of work. It has incredible artistry. As a visual exercise, it is breathtaking. I thought the original was way ahead of its time in creating a milieu, a dystopian world, full of disease and commercialism. Given the wonders of modern times, the world where this takes place is nonpareil. Ryan Gosling is out to eliminate the old replicants because there is a secret which needs to kept. The hierarchy is doing what it can to keep a world event from eliminating the awful world they have created. Goslin has memories, but they could have been implanted in him, so he is continually torn by dealing with details that may or may not be true. He needs to return to the place of his childhood. Harrison Ford reprises his original role of Deckard, now old and living in the ruins of Las Vegas. Evil is in control, but there is hope. The final scenes are incredible and puzzling, but it is a great challenge to the viewer.From an original 1982 theatrical showing to a Beta videotape, to a standard laserdisc, to a deluxe Criterion letterbox laserdisc, to a DVD, to a high-definition blu-ray, Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" has been viewed countless times in the original voice-over version, the European cut, the director's cut, and the final cut over the 35 years that followed its release. All those memories have not been lost in time, like tears in rain, but rather are indelible images from one of the greatest science fiction films. Thus, any thought of a sequel evokes mixed emotions. Despite the involvement of Ridley Scott, the results could be another disaster like "More American Graffiti," or an undistinguished but palatable followup like "2010," or a companion masterpiece like "The Godfather Part II." Fortunately, "Blade Runner" cultists can breathe a sigh of relief; while "Blade Runner 2049" may fall short of the unqualified masterpiece status of "The Godfather" sequel, at least on an initial viewing, the film enhances and builds upon, rather than diminishes, the original; however, only time will determine if "BR2049" will enjoy the same repeatability as the first film and join it as a timeless classic.Fresh from his outstanding work on "Arrival," director Denis Villeneuve helmed "BR2049" with a steady hand and attention to detail, which were likely guided or inspired by Ridley Scott. Set thirty years ahead of the original film, Roger Deakins's career-best cinematography captures a future that is colder and bleaker than that portrayed by Jordan Cronenweth's original work, which has a warmer tone. However, Deakins's cooler hues are appropriate for 2049 Los Angeles, where snow has replaced rain and holographs rule rather than neon. Warm or cool, the atmospherics in both films are equally dazzling. The aurals are as captivating as the visuals; the haunting music by Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch evokes the original Vangelis score without plagiarizing.The casting is also superb with Ryan Gosling spot on as K, the blade runner whose job, like Deckard's in the original film, is to retire renegade replicants. While the role may lack showy moments for an actor, Gosling's tall lean figure and enigmatic face create an image possibly more enduring than that of Harrison Ford in the original. Both Ford as an aging Rick Deckard and Edward James Olmos as a retired Gaff return to link the sequel to the first film. Among the newcomers, Robin Wright is well cast as Gosling's deadly serious, deathly pale Lieutenant Joshi of the LAPD. Ford and Olmos are not the only returnees, an origami figure and a small wood carving wordlessly connect the two Blade Runner films, and implanted memories, flying cars, outsized advertising, and transparent plastic raincoats also have encores."Blade Runner" cultists are best served seeing the sequel knowing little; the story unfolds as a policeman sent in pursuit of a mystery that expands upon threads in the original movie. Tthe film's length is arguably excessive, especially for those unfamiliar with the original, and "Blade Runner" novices may be left behind by a leisurely narrative that prizes visuals above action. However, "Blade Runner 2049" is that rarity of movie sequels, a film that enhances and elevates the original, yet stands on its own as a masterful film. The passage of time will determine if "Blade Runner 2049" and "Blade Runner" become the inseparably coupled films that "The Godfather" and "The Godfather Part II" have become, but all the elements are in place.Beautiful image, very good acting, good story with powerful symbolism and bad music. That sums up the movie. For excessive verbosity and self-important attitude you can read other reviews below. Stayed true to the original in many ways and that's important for fans of the original BR. Remember that the original BR had a pretty cold reception in the early 80s. Who knows how this one will be perceived a decade from now. And yes, I do miss Vangelis; the movie really came to life when they played pieces of his original music. Zimmer just didn't seem to understand the project.Those who complain that the movie is long and slow clearly have the attention span of a 5-year-old and should probably stick to Fast & Furious.Blade Runner 2049 could have been more but it could have been a lot less too. Thankfully enough it wasn't. I'm not ecstatic, but not disappointed at all and I realize that my expectations have been incredibly high. I will go see it a second time for sure.EDIT Oct 13 after seeing the movie a second time (in 3D). I'd like to upgrade my rating from 8 to 10 if y'all don't mind. Blade Runner 2049 is a 150-million-dollar gift to a small but dedicated fan group of the original movie. Thank you for that gift. I don't think there's any sequel in the history of cinema that stays true to the original to the point where even the tiniest details - noticeable only by hardcore fans who've watched BR 1982 thirty times - are being transplanted into this new film. And, no, BR 2049 did not make Blade Runner mainstream as some complain here. On the contrary, it kept its secrets open only to the same group of initiates, with the possibility of others from the younger generation to join, if they have what it takes. As many of the reviews below testify this movie still remains a mystery to most people out there, whose ability to digest abstract ideas is unfortunately very low.This is my updated review as I feel I did not do the movie justice and I have also increased my score of the movie...
I was one of the lucky ones who got to see an early preview.... And the more that time passes by and the more the story of Blade Runner 2049 sinks in the more the gravity of the story hits me... First of all it really was not what I was expecting... I had watched many trailers and interviews and I feel like I had done quite a successful job in staying away from spoilers.... 
And....
Without spoiling it for anyone else and giving too much away.... Whatever you think you know about the film... well, forget it.... You're way off the mark... 
The best advice I can give though is however dark you think Blade Runner 2049 is.... It's darker than that.... It's much darker than the original... And the original was quite dark.... The cinematography is beautiful... it really is stunning... but the film itself.... did I mention it was dark??.. I think this is amplified (excuse the pun) by the movie's soundtrack... The work of Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch was for me... at times.... malevolent... And perhaps if the music wasn't so dark and hostile the movie itself wouldn't come across like that also... But then what do I know?... That's not to say the music is bad... It was for me.... like I said malevolent.... As for the movie itself... Again without giving too much away.... It's a story of loneliness.... A story of wanting nothing more than to be accepted... It's a story of desperate hope and anguish... Wanting for a better life.... Replicants being more human than humans, being more perfect than humans.... but not being human and wanting nothing more than to be human... even for all the faults the human race has and the perfection of the replicant race... Still the desperate hope and anguish of wanting to be human.... Are you keeping up??... And this whole time living in a dystopian world.... where the future of the human race is a lost cause and Mother Earth has never looked so heartbroken.... 
Speaking of heartbreak... again without spoiling the story... be prepared... the whole story is a story of heartbreak and literally at every turn Ryan Gosling is having his heart broken.... whether that be his relationships with others or his life in general... For me Ryan Gosling has a knack of playing the lonely leading role... and he has done this on a few occasions now.... both in the movies - "Drive" and "Only God Forgives".... which I hope he doesn't end up being typecast in... but saying that... I don't think there is an actor alive today who can play the role of being totally isolated from the rest of the world better than Ryan Gosling.
Blade Runner 2049 did have some nice surprises... which again... I won't spoil... 
In closing.... Ryan Gosling is excellent... It is Harrison Ford's best work for years.... This overall review may sound like I'm being negative about Blade Runner 2049... But I'm not... I'm really not...I should also mention the performances from the female leading acts in the show. Ana de Armas, Robin Wright and Sylvia Hoeks are all very, very good and each and every one of them. Including all the crew should be proud of such a beautiful sequel. As for where it stands next to the original... I never thought I'd hear myself saying this but I think as years pass by it will stand next to the original Blade Runner quite easily.... It's not the same movie as the original but it is as good as the original in its own right...
I think Ryan Gosling said it best in an interview
The film is incredible... it's.... haunting...
With this in mind a few days have passed now and I am still left with a feeling of being haunted by Blade Runner 2049.... 
So much so that I want to see it again and I will go and see it again... and again... and again....
Just like I did the original...
Blade Runner 2049 "is" incredible....
It's...
HauntingTo be honest with the reader of this review, I had never seen the first Blade Runner however it had been near the top of my "must- watch" science fiction movie list in my head for a very long while now and I decided to watch this movie expecting an exciting sci-fi blockbuster with action-packed car chases rolling in all over the place. Surprisingly this film was not the "good action-packed popcorn fun for the whole family" that I was expecting and the film actually takes the slower, more patient and realistic approach with it's storytelling rather than a lot of car chases and rushed editing. This is a very similar film to the likes of A Fistful Of Dollars because the main character, Ryan Gosling, resembles the personality of Clint Eastwood's character in A Fistful Of Dollars, the musical score carries away the movie like A Fistful Of Dollars, the pacing remains slow however manages successfully to keep our interest like A Fistful Of Dollars and the film carries an incredibly dark, bleak tone much like A Fistful Of Dollars. I'm glad I saw this movie earlier than most people because then I can write a good review for this movie so that more people can consider watching it before the negative remarks start coming in. Before those come in, let me remind you that this movie is pure, bleak, raw and dark science-fiction to the core that goes with the dedication to telling a story rather than the dedication to kill as much people as possible. It goes with the more slow approach which some people may find a bad thing but others like me will find a good thing. But I think something all viewers will respect here in this movie is the intense cinematography that is common in a lot of other Denis Villeneuve movies and the fascinating special effects as well as the subtle performances by Ryan Gosling who understands the character he is playing and doesn't overdo it. Ryan Gosling's character is an interesting one because although he is emotionless and straight- forward we, as the viewers, can detect that there is more to this character and throughout the movie we slowly start to see a bit more of his own self. Blade Runner 2049 focuses mostly on the main character and if you are going to see this movie expecting Harrison Ford to have a lot of screen time that is similar to the length of Ryan Gosling's screen time, you're very wrong because Harrison Ford only plays a minor role in this movie which is, although important, not the main focus of the movie. Even if someone can view this movie as a science-fiction movie, someone can also view this movie as a character piece instead depending on their preference because of how much dedicated focus is on the main character.When the movie was finished and all was done, despite the reasonably long runtime I still felt that the movie should of been even longer. Because I don't like to be sentimental I gave myself thirty seconds and then I got up from my chair and walked out as the credits rolled despite me still being in a very deep emotional zone however I want you to know that the emotional zone was almost impossible to get out of. As I was walking out I still saw a person watching the credits in his chair and I understood that he was also in a very deep emotional state and people usually do that so that they look cool to their friends, but the person I saw really was in an emotional zone - I could tell. I could also tell that I wasn't the only one that enjoyed this movie in the room and I was relieved because I was a bit afraid that people wouldn't like it because of it's more slower approach than other science-fiction movies. I was incredibly glad that someone else understood the style of the movie.I'm not going to spoil any more of the movie but I will leave a last note to say that Blade Runner 2049 is an incredibly dark and intense movie that is probably one of the best science-fiction movies I've seen that has been made in the last five years so it very much is a masterpiece. If a futuristic version of A Fistful Of Dollars sounds bloody good to you, then you'd be killing yourself if you didn't pay this movie a visit at your nearest cinema. In my personal opinion, the film was most definitely a masterpiece and it has me even more excited for seeing the original starring Harrison Ford in the main role.