I like, but don't love, musicals - my DVD shelves contain a selection, but the stuff there is pretty obvious: Singing in the Rain, King and I, Wizard of Oz, Moulin Rouge etc.. I'm not a Meryl Streep fan - I admire her craft, but mostly haven't liked the parts she's played. Conversely, I've always liked Abba's music. So that's my starting point when considering this movie which I have just been to see with my 80-year old mother.The story is a piece of fluff. Sophie, who lives with her mother in a dilapidated hotel on an idyllic Greek island, wants nothing more than for her father to be at her forthcoming wedding. The trouble is her father could be any one of three men with whom her mother dot dot dotted twenty years ago. So Sophie invites all three of them to her wedding and, as expected, complications ensue. The story, such as it is, is quite strong enough to enable the songs to be hooked onto it. And the songs, with one or two obvious exceptions (Money Money Money cued by the rundown state of the hotel) are very cannily worked into the story so that each one is relevant.The film looks great. The Greek locations overflow with sun and primary colours. The script is mostly fairly deft, and there is a sprinkling of decent laughs.But the film ultimately stands or falls - and it stands, believe me! - on two things: the music, and the cast.The music - sitting through this film brings home the strength of the Abba catalogue. There isn't a weak song among the two dozen which feature on the soundtrack. The music, produced by composer Benny Andersson, mostly wisely sticks very close to the original arrangements, and the occasional divergences (Greek bouzouki on I Had A Dream, for instance) are spot on.And the cast - well, they deliver. Brosnan's singing has been criticised, but he is always in tune, and he delivers a satisfactory vocal performance rather than dazzling with a polished singing technique (which he hasn't got). The four leading women are all wonderful. Julie Walters and Christine Baranski as Meryl Streep's two oldest friends are both very funny (Julie Walters has a particularly funny little bit of business in a rubber boat), and Baranski has her own knockout number. Amanda Seyfried as Sophie is simply delightful - she sings well, carries the plot and all the emotion which goes with it, and is very easy on the eye. And Meryl Streep is a revelation.This film is an utterly joyous experience. My old Mum and I came out of the cinema buoyed up by the experience of watching it, and I cannot recommend it highly enough to anyone who enjoys musicals and/or Abba's music. I saw this film at the screening on Sunday and was not too sure of what to expect from it. I hadn't seen the west end show so was not really aware of the story line but that really did not matter.As soon as the first song started I was loving it! The actors may not be that great at singing but does it matter?! They are actors after all and this is not the west end! The actors play the parts really well and make fun of themselves at the same time. The story line is fun and has laughs for all ages. Julie Waters is her fantastic self in it and Meryl Streep plays the mother really well. The dance scenes are great and well put together. Loads of people in the cinema were singing and dancing in their seats so just enjoy it and have some laughs for a few hours.If you take it for what it is, a fun laugh out loud film with good actors and fantastic songs, then you will enjoy this film so much.I suspect that this will be a summer box office hit! Enjoy it and have fun - you may need your tissues though as I'm pretty sure some of you will be crying with laughter at some of the scenes. I didn't know what to expect when going into watch "Mamma Mia", was this gonna be another Hairspray or Across the Universe or Rent? This was a lighthearted, quite enjoyable movie of its own style, Meryl Strep blew the entire audience away with her comedic persona in this movie. After seeing her in Devil Wears Prada, you are shaken momentarily after seeing her climb on top a roof singing "Mamma Mia!" and swoon and the dance teenage giddy girl dance. You'll love this movie for trio of older woman characters, they were all so funny. Mr. James Bond's character and singing was such a hilarious delight for the audience, we couldn't believe this was the man who played a top secret spy agent.With just the right amount of eccentricity, heart, and *get out of those movie chairs and DANCE IN THE AISLE* ABBA music, you'll never want this adventure to end. After watching the Mamma Mia! musical in London, I was thrilled to hear about the movie coming out. Meryl Streep in a musical seemed like just one reason to watch it. Well, I must say.. It was a lot more than what I expected! The beautiful scenery, the cast and the songs. A good mix of tears, laughter and love that will make you feel like you're a part of the gang and enjoy every bit of this movie. Not one of the cast members let me down. It really is a feel-good movie and it made me want to stand up and sing a long. The ABBA songs are made for dancing and in this movie it reassured me. The singing and the dancing put smiles on people's faces, and it makes you feel happy and as if all worries are gone. I certainly smiled during the entire movie. The cast members were all wonderful singers and especially the two lead actresses Meryl Streep and Amanda Seyfried impressed me. A well-made movie that is worth watching more than once! I have a confession to make that could land me in serious trouble here. I love this movie with a love bordering on the unnatural. Of course, I hear you saying, that can only mean one thing; you're a gay man of a certain age and if you haven't come out of the closet already. you're coming out now, and wearing sequins at the same time. No straight man, I hear you say, could love this movie with this kind of unbridled passion, so if you have aspirations to being a 100% red-blooded heterosexual male, (is there such a thing?), then keep any fondness for "Mama Mia" to yourself; you will automatically be suspect. Of course, I could just as easily be a teenage girl, (it's a chick flick, after all), and be in equally serious difficulties with my peers, for loving "Mama Mia" would then mean I had already turned into my mother, for this is a chick flick for the older chick and no mistake.I had avoided it on stage. I have never been a fan of 'juke-box' musicals where a plot is conjured up around a set of songs by a well-known group or artist. And my undiminished love of Abba, (there, I'm out of the closet - happy now?), made me shy away from, rather than run to, a show where their greatest hits were sung, karaoke-style, by others. But something drew me to the movie. Perhaps it was Meryl, (if Meryl liked it, it can't be that bad, I kept saying to myself). Perhaps it was the locations, (it all takes place on a very travelogue Greek isle). Perhaps, ultimately, it was the songs, (who isn't a dancing queen, after all). Nevertheless, going to "Mama Mia", the movie, was still like dipping my toe in the water before deciding if I wanted to do a full length of the pool. The last thing I expected was to fall head over heels, to turn into a blubbering mess, to turn into the oldest dancing queen on the block and into my mother all at the same time. "Mama Mia" is a guilty pleasure, (no self-respecting cineaste should ever admit to even liking this movie, never mind loving it), but as guilty pleasures go, this is the best junk meal you are ever likely to have.It's director, Phyllida Law, did it on the stage so at least she is familiar with the material, but she is new to movies and after the mess Susan Stroman made of "The Producers" I didn't really expect anything, but while "The Producers" was stagey,(and not in an appealing way), "Mama Mia" is genuinely cinematic. Lloyd's idea of film-making may be to let her camera roam all over the place, (she seems to have an MTV mentality), but she also knows how to build a production number. This is a fully-fledged musical of the old school. And now I am beginning to see the light. It's OK, guys, you can admit to liking "Mama Mia" without worrying too much about revealing your sexuality. Straight men are allowed to like musicals, too, aren't they? Then, of course, there are those songs, the ones we grew up loving. I read somewhere that Abba didn't write great songs because no-one covered them, unlike, say, Lennon and McCartney; that what made Abba's songs 'great' was the Abba sound. There may be something in that; the 'Abba sound' produced some of the greatest pop ever. Arguably, the songs that Abba, (and by Abba, I mean Bjorn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson), wrote and recorded are the greatest pop songs we've been given. So how do they work coming from the mouths of people who, effectively, aren't singers? (Ok, Meryl, we all know you can sing and act and probably split the atom at the same time, and the girl who plays her daughter, Amanda Seyfried, sounds very pleasant to the ear). Well, the answer is bloody marvelous. Most of these songs sound as if they were written for the film and not the other way round; in other words, they fit the plot in the way that songs in a good musical should and they are good enough to stand on their own.These are Broadway show-tunes and they aren't wholly reliant on 'the Abba sound'. So what if Julie Walters and Stellan Skarsgard croak their way through 'Take a Chance on Me'; by the time they get around to it I would have taken a chance on anyone. So Pierce Brosnan can't sing? Neither can Tom Waits or Leonard Cohen and yet we love them to bits. (Actually, Brosnan can just about manage to hold a tune and he makes a fairer fist of it than Lee Marvin or Clint Eastwood did in "Paint your Wagon"). And Meryl, of course, is wonderful. Our greatest living actress is having fun here. This is her first fully-fledged musical: I just wondered what took her so long, (her rendition of 'The Winner takes it All' is one of the great solo performances in any musical).But does any of this justify my over-whelming and totally inexplicable passion? Probably not, which is why it is inexplicable. It's not a 'great' movie, (although it could just be a 'great' musical); it often feels like a bunch of friends' best ever holiday video where they keep bursting into song with fully orchestrated backing, and it gives a totally new meaning to the term 'Greek Chorous'. So, obviously I am a middle-aged gay man with a full wardrobe of seventies gear. (I certainly haven't turned into my mother!). I mean, what other explanation can there be? Oh, I've just thought of one. It is a great movie musical and it's a terrific way to spend an evening. So I can now safely go back into my closet if I can find room among all the sequins and seventies gear. I have to admit that I was neither a fan of ABBA or of the musical show on which this movie was based upon, and didn't attend it when it was shown in my town. But I went to the movie excited about three things: a very good trailer, recommendations from all my friends and most importantly the presence of Myrel Streep and Colin Firth, two of my very favorite actors.So, let me put it that way: Mamma Mia! is one of the most entertaining pieces of cinema that I have seen in a long, long time. Yes, it doesn't have the gorgeous stylization of Moulin Rouge or the raunchiness of Chicago, but in its own way, it's just amazing. The simple presentation is backed up by a fantastic cast, a heartwarming story about love and the meaning of family, and a bunch of beautiful songs. Watching this film was one of the most beautiful movie-going experiences I had; I saw it 3 times in packed theatres, where audiences were quiet when they needed to be, and active and responsive otherwise. In those three times, the first Dancing Queen number got wild applause by the minute it was over, a proof of the entertainment value of the film. And near the end, when Donna looks at the screen and asks why everyone is still there while the credits are rolling, she says "do you want one more song?" and the entire audience would scream "YEAH". This is a first-rate crowd pleaser; a film that takes you into its world until you feel you are part of it. What an achievement.To some cynics, the story, involving a 20-year-old girl inviting three of her mother's old flames, suspecting one of them would be her father, is just an excuse to build a movie around Abba's songs. But what's wrong with that? The story is sweet and simple; the characters colorful and lovable, and the musical numbers are breathtaking without even trying to be anything spectacular. The cast are all excellent, starting with the adorable Amanda Seyfried, playing an energetic, practical girl torn between her love to her boyfriend, her sense of obligation towards her hard-working mother and her sense of incompletion because she doesn't know who her father is. A complex role, presented in an airy method, and played to perfection by the young actress. Julie Walters and Christine Baranski add comic genius to the equation as Donna's best friends, and so does Stellan Sarskard and Dominic Cooper. Colin Firth gives one of the best performances of his rich career, deserving all the praise possible for his "spontaneous" performance, and his final revelation is hilarious, and handled with so much cuteness and zero cheesiness that would be expected from Hollywood on such occasions. Pierce Brosnan was as hot as ever (sorry, can't find another word) and he added some real charm and star charisma to the picture.Which brings us to Myrel Streep. The Woman Who Can Do No Wrong. Yes, she can appear in mediocre movies, most recently in the likes of Prime and Lions for Lambs, but even then she adds a spark to the entire project, and makes watching these films an agreeable experience. In Mamma Mia! she is just absolutely fabulous: she dances, she sings, she acts like the legend she is, and in one particular scene preparing her daughter for the big night, she reminds us why she is so respected and, at 59, she is still a major Hollywood star: she is just simply a phenomenal performer. Fun, lovable, and definitely capable of handling a tune, her Super Trouper and Mamma Mia! numbers are highlights in the film.So, all in all, Mamma Mia! was the ultimate fun experience for me this year. Sweet, sensitive, and charming with a superb cast and beautiful music. Give it a shot in this summer of superheroes and bad movies, and it will help restore your faith in old-fashioned, simple cinema. If not, then at least you will have a heartwarming 2 hours of music, love and Streep and Firth excelling beyond expectations. Go see it with an open mind and, most importantly, an open heart and you will be "having the time of your life". Well, what can i say? This movie is one of the best movies i've seen in on a big screen so far! I don't particularly like musicals, but man this one is awesome! All the songs that have been chosen for it are great and popular so it was no surprise that all the time the audience was singing along with the actors :) The whole time the faces of the people around me were lightened up with a smile and everyone was happy! Me..... i had the chills going down my spine pretty much most of the time :) No one stood up before the final credits were shown and everybody was simply sitting down listening to the music, happy by the unexpected joy this movie brought them ;) I strongly recommend this piece to everyone regardless of age and genre preferences, cause i really believe that this movie is so good that there's no way not to fall in love with it! :) I went to see the film with my girlfriend and wasn't really interested, although it did have a very impressive cast! I LOVED it! What a great surprise, I laughed the whole way through and found myself completely invested in the plot!! The acting, singing and dancing was superb, I honestly believe Streep (who looked fantastic!) could be up for an Oscar.Additionally it's a genuine breath of fresh air to see a primarily older cast given roles full of fun and energy! Every one of the older cast deserve honourable mentions! (I'm 27 BTW, so its not like i'm a bitter old person either! lol) Go check it out, well worth it! I have become a "Momma Mia! aholic". The movie is probably the most fantastic movie I have ever seen. I have never seen a movie more than once at a theater. I believe the combinations of music, comedy, near Shakespearean farce, some drama, fantastic acting and unexpected cameos makes this a top, top winner in my opinion. I know it cannot qualify for music awards but it should qualify for other awards. I don't want to spoil it for anyone out there but if you haven't seen it by now, since its been out for over a month, shame on you. Part of the reason why I have gone repeatedly is because I have enjoyed the audience reactions nearly as much as the films multi-talented stars. The audience has been mostly Baby Boomers who can relate to Meryl Streep and Pierce Brosnan. It has been mostly women but when couples show up, the men hoot with laughter as much as the women. The comments overheard while leaving have always been positive and most are delighted they came; surprisingly so, they say. The movie is also an education in taking chances regarding type-casting. I hope this sets a precedent for the future of all those actors who are waiting for their chance to broaden their scope of their chosen careers. Hurray for this movie on so many levels. Go see it. Now! And again. And again. I'd been putting off going to the cinema to see this film for weeks on end. From seeing the trailer, my first thought was no way. Even though it seemed like the ultimate chick flick, which is usually my perfect genre to watch, I didn't fancy it. However, a week later my Mum asked if I'd go with her, so obviously I agreed. We never went straight away with wanting to see other current blockbusters, such as Batman etc. So I'd kept on putting it off even though everyone I work with had seen it at least once and didn't have a bad word to say about it!So about 4 or 5 weeks after release i booked the tickets, and with only 2 showings i chose the 8, thinking it would be rather quiet. When we got there we had been put in the largest screen and had to queue for about 20 minutes because it was so popular! People struggling to find seats etc..It was absolutely amazing! It was so different to how it had been advertised and how I expected it to be. I will admit during one earlier scene (Seyfield singing with her mother's diary)I thought it was far too cheesy to handle. But after that I was hooked.I really wanted to dance when the girls were dancing to 'dancing queen!' The entire film was just really fast paced and happy. I enjoyed every song, and I think Amanda Seyfield has a beautiful voice. I'm not a fan of Abba, but i loved the entire soundtrack. I loved how there was a middle aged guy sat next to me, trying really hard not to let on that he was enjoying the film. Foot tapping etc.One thing I didn't expect was the cry during the film. I don't really cry at the cinema but I couldn't stop weeping on the scene when Donna and her daughter are getting ready for her wedding. I thought it added a really serious moment to the film, making me appreciate it more. Oh and another thing. The location! Wow. I've always been a fan of musical Theatre. You can't beat the atmosphere of a crowd fired up by excitement, laughing, crying, clapping, cheering and of course singing along to the numbers. The players on stage bring a 3D reality to the show that you can't get at the cinema - though the lack of ability to do close ups means that you do lose some of the emotion in the individual performances.I never thought I would ever see a film at the cinema that successfully merges the live atmosphere of Theatre with the in your face close up acting that you can get on screen. But this is what you get when you go and see Mamma Mia the Movie. People are laughing out loud, crying, cheering, clapping and as the film progresses, dancing in the aisles. On top of that are emotional, perhaps Oscar winning performances by the likes of Meryl Streep and Julie Walters.You may have read some poor reviews of Mamma Mia. Ignore them! The negative ones were probably written by men who just don't get it. Or by miserable people denying themselves the chance to spend two hours being cheered up, warmed up and entertained and made to laugh out loud. In the UK we have prices rocketing through the roof, we have stagnant pay rises, rain when it should be sunny and newspapers that feed us a constant parade of knifings, shootings and killings. This film is a panacea for the modern world. A very cheesy, camp fantasy that really is as feel good as it can get.The setting is a beautiful sunny Greek island - with breathtaking landscapes of turquoise seas, white sandy beaches and green hillsides. The cast have been assembled from the best Hollywood has to offer. Amanda Seyfried looks beautiful as the young girl about to marry and wanting to know which of her mother, Donna's three former lovers is actually her father. Will she find out and will he give her away? Colin Firth, reprising his bumbling Englishman role from Love Actually and Bridget Jones Diary - and Pierce Brosnan about as far away as it is possible to be from Bond James Bond - come across really well because they are in on the joke. You can tell they are having fun and although their singing is not spectacular it is no where near as bad as some of the critics will have you believe.Julie Walters is priceless as the mad as a hatter Rosie and gets the best lines. Her friend Tanya has the best song and dance scene with "Does Your Mother Know" - on the beach trying to put off the advances of a barman young enough to be her son - or maybe even her grand son. Given their antics you could be forgiven for saying the film is targeted at middle aged women - that was certainly the majority of the audience in the cinema I went to - but every generation is represented - this is really a film about growing up and how love can be blind when you are young and when you are old.Meryl Streep is astonishing as Donna. She can sing and she acts her socks off. "Slipping through my fingers", never my favourite Abba song - becomes a tear jerker when her acting and singing combine - and "The Winner Takes it all" proves just who the winner should be.Whether you like Abba or not , the updated versions of the songs, despite the extremely unsubtle ways in which they are shoehorned into the plot (you can always spot those who have not seen Mamma Mia before - they are the ones who groan when they realise how the song has been introduced), sound fresh and vibrant and should attract a whole new generation of fans.And at the end - once the main action has finished - the title sequence arrives like an encore - encouraging the audience to get on their feet and dance till the end. And when Streep asks the audience if they want more - and everyone cries "Yes!!!" - even though she isn't really there - you know that everyone has been swept away by the cheesy camp brilliance of this film. Thank you for the music! I went to see Mamma Mia, on the 10th of July, when it came out first in the UK. I'd never seen the musical production of Mamma Mia, but thought the adverts for the movie, looked interesting, and also the soundtrack was good. The film was in my opinion Amazing. The actors & actresses acted their roles so well & obviously put a lot of emotion and hard work into the film. The music was brilliant, the singing amazed me! I had no idea to expect what i'd seen. Some scenes have you crying with laughter, others have you in floods of tears, because of the emotion & the lyrics of the songs.. I would definitely recommend you go out & watch this. As soon as it began, i was obsessed. I've been back twice to see it, and I'm planning to go again soon. The music will have you singing along, and seriously trying to resist the urge to stand up and dance. :) Brilliant overall. Definitely recommend it. Enjoy (: The winter of 2010-2011 in Minnesota was very long and the worst I can remember. I bought Mamma Mia and ended up watching it three times that weekend. For the next two weekends, I had Mamma Mia parties for guy and girlfriends, with Greek and Swedish food. We sang the entire score! When bad weather traps you inside, there is no better uplifting fun than this movie. Everyone has their favorite song, but mine is the guitar ballad on the boat by Colin Firth. I never really paid attention to ABBA years ago when they were popular(even though I'm of Swedish decent), but somehow, I knew almost every one in the movie. I understand that ABBA is coming out with a revival album in 2012 and I can't wait. I actually met Benny Andersson when he was in Minneapolis at the American Swedish Institute's party, maybe that was in 2005. The Smash hit musical sensation on Broadway comes to the big screen in an amazing way with an all star cast including Meryl Streep, Pierce Brosnan, Amanda Seyfried, COlin Firth and many more. Mamma Mia is one of the happiest movies I've ever seen. it puts you in such a good mood and it is so Real and so energetic, and Abba is a great band and seeing their songs in a movie with a story built around it is one of the most clever ideas ever! A lot of people will criticize the movie but don't listen to it because it really is one hell of a good time. and it isn't a chick flick like many people think! it is a movie that everyone will love and there's something in it for all types of people! in my opinion a five star movie! Anything with Meryl Streep is worth watching. Even Doubt, which was uncomfortable but amazing. This movie is one of the most feel good movies I have seen in a long time. Amanda Sigfried is a revelation. Even with her voluptious body it was not distracting. I was dancing out of the theater, singing the songs in my head. Okay, I wasn't dancing, but the tunes really stuck with me. I hope we see more of Amanda in upcoming movies. I'm sure she can be a great dramatic actress too. But Streep steals the show. What did I expect? She is brilliant in every single movie she ever makes. HEr performance in this just solidifies her as the best actress probably ever. From the Bridges Of Madison County to Silkwood to The Deer Hunter to Doubt to this? Every performance is different and all of them on the same level. She is a treasure that we all need to support and embrace. There will never be another like her. Warning! This is nothing but a complete surrender to Waterloo... No, Mamma Mia, I mean! Since the Swedish premier of Mamma Mia unfortunately I haven't got the chance to watch the screenversion more than twice but...Yesterday 26 Nov at about 11.00 (SST) I got my very long lasted DVD of this absolutely fantastic musicalmovie! Writing this at 02.30 (SST) 27 Now after watching thru the DVD 4 consecutive times, yes the whole lot including all the bonus material! I haven't felt this good for a long, long time. And still I haven't wept this much during a movie for many a good year.Thank you ABBA for the music!! Thank you Meryl Streep, Amanda Seyfried, Pierce Brosnan, Stellan Skarsgård, Colin Firth, Julie Walters, Cristine Baranski, Dominic Cooper and all rest of the set for such a wonderful movie!!! At last, but not the least, thank you you three brilliant women - Phyllida Lloyd, Catherine Johnson and Judy Craymer - who could make a story out of songs that in no way has more connection to each other than ABBA and Stig "Stikkan" Andersson (by the way I'm pretty sure he's taking lots of credits in his heaven, watching this musical and movie). Think of an amusement park or fairground ride, that catches your attention, and draws you to it. You get on, the ride starts, the excitement builds, and off you go. It holds you entranced, the rush is incredible! Then suddenly you realize that it has finished, time to get off. Really, you have only one choice: to get back on it again. That pretty much sums up Mamma Mia! Despite all the hype, I was not disappointed-no way! Forget any negative comments you might have heard about Pierce Brosnan's singing ability. THe more you watch, the better he gets, (an acquired taste, perhaps!) I have one recommendation though: See it on a big screen. Mamma Mia is my vacation destination this year. If I can't afford to go to Greece, then this is the next best thing. To top it off, I get Meryl Streep & Amanda Seyfried singing my favorite ABBA tunes (and doing a great job as well - with gusto).I don't want full-bore reality when it comes to musicals (i.e. Sweeney Todd - yuck). I want a semi-getaway from reality. I want romance, dancing, laughing, great music & fun (with a bit of seriousness to it - but not taking itself too seriously). In my opinion, Mamma Mia delivers that. I love it when the audience is swaying to the music, smiling throughout the film, leaving the theater with big grins on their faces & humming the songs on the way out. That's entertainment, folks, & money well spent at the movie theater. BTW, this is not a chick flick - it treats men with respect & personally the term "chick flick" is way overused. What does that mean anyway? Is there an official explanation somewhere? Life doesn't revolve only around women - men make up the other half of the population!!! I saw plenty of guys in this film & some of them were really handsome & nice too! Anyway, I loved Mamma Mia & I am glad it's doing so well abroad. I wish it did better in the USA but maybe people were sidetracked here by "The Dark Knight". Lighten up everyone - go see Mamma Mia. An excellent cast, beautiful location, and absolutely fantastic singing and dancing! When I went to see this movie the movie theater was full. All the way through people were laughing and clapping. Meryl Streep was perfect for the role as was Amanda Seyfried. Julie Walters playing Rosie stole the show! In my opinion she was the best character. Her jokes and personality got most of the laughs.The singing and choreography was amazing. Their adaption of the songs from Abba was spot on and sounded wonderful! The main theme of the movie fitted perfectly with all of the songs.I would recommend this movie to everyone! Even if your not an Abba fan check out this movie! You will not be disappointed! I just went to see it. And i was not disappointed at all. Meryl Streep was so funny and she sang the songs with so much emotions. Pierce, Colin and Stellan don't have great voices but they fitted in so great. You could the pleasure and fun they had making the movie splashing off the screen. Julie Walters was a absolute delight. And Christine Baranski (Cybill) played her character absolutely wonderful. The storyline was okay but the whole of the movie was so much fun, I even caught myself singing the songs out loud. I have one advice, don't go running away at the end-titles cause there is more to see. ABBA lovers have to go and see this movie. Even Benny and Bjorn had a small cameo. Ignore all the critics dissing this film!! "Mamma Mia" is pure bliss, movie magic through and through. Dance your way to the nearest multiplex and see it! The cast is superb, I was especially taken with Amanda Seyfried as Sophie-she does quite well in the lead role as, of course does Meryl Streep-what can't this woman do?? Julie Walters and Christine Baranski are scene stealer's as Rosie and Tanya-Their individual musical numbers are hysterical!! Be warned though, the three men(Pierce Brosnan, Colin Firth and Stellan Skarsgard) playing Sam, Harry and Bill do not sing very well, but thats part of their charm. They were obviously cast for their acting and the fact the characters do not sing well only adds to the fun! Dominic Cooper as Skye is a vocal revelation-he actually can carry a tune and is quite sexy to boot!! Listen , bottom line is this-"Mamma Mia" will not be everyone's cup of tea-the local paper critic here gave it 1 star!! I don't know what movie he saw or what kinda crappy day he must of had beforehand, but this movie had the audience laughing, crying and cheering and a round of applause at the end!! All the reasons people go to the movies-simply put W O N D E R F U L !! My thanks to all involved-Great Fun! Being such a huge ABBA fan, I went with my WHOLE family - there were 13 of us (plus kids) and we all had a really good time.What impressed me about the movie is that Phyllida Lloyd is a brilliant director - I guess cause she now knows the musical backwards! She has kept the movie at a lively pace that it's never boring. I really don't get what all the complaints are about. She did a great job! Period.Meryl is wonderful. Fantastic in her role as Donna. I liked Pierce's singing voice as it lends a kind of seriousness to what he was conveying to Donna in "SOS". And in "When All Is Said And Done" the setting is just so wonderful. Julie Walters is so hilarious...and how come no one talks about Christine Baranski's eye-popping splits in "Does Your Mother Know"! Amazing! The ABBA songs doesn't feel forced at all as some critics foolishly argue. Catherine Johnson's story is simple and I believe the whole team knew that the ABBA songs were going to be the star and the crowd-puller.Of course I wished some ABBA songs were written in the movie like "One Man, One Woman", "As Good As New" or "If It Wasn't For The Nights"...but then it would make for a 3 hour movie! I won't complain!!! The movie's general release here in Malaysia is Sept 25 but they usually have sneak previews one week earlier. Overall I'd say the crowd was mixed - males and females almost equal in number, mostly over 30s and it was like everyone knew the songs, laughed at the right spots (well, most of the time anyway!), tapped their feet and some were even bobbing their heads! As one local movie reviewer put it: "...15 minutes into the movie, ABBA fans would wish that the cinema seats would disappear and the disco lights would come out!" Okay, so here we have an entirely implausible storyline shaped into unashamedly enjoyable cinema experience. Personally, I hate going to movies, just because they are so expensive these days. I went to see this one twice... People in the audience were laughing out loud, clapping and enjoying themselves. Isn't that what we go to the movies for, to be entertained? Admittedly, Pierce Brosnan can't sing... so what? He was a ton of fun. The leading ladies (Streep, Walters and Baranski) seemed to be having such a good time... there is not much sexier than mature women having fun and being the mature women they are... The characters looked and acted seasoned, which was quite refreshing.I can't wait for the DVD with the outtakes... What a joy, what a life, what a chance!This is exactly the kind of movies that make you feel all happy and cheerful once you leave the theater. I've really enjoyed this movie and yes it's a fun one. The songs are great the scenery is amazing and the actors do an excellent job. Meryl Streep surprised me the most. She turned up to be an excellent "Donna". She is fun, funny and she gives an excellent emotional performance of "The Winner Takes It All". But the most outstanding one was definitely Amanda Seyfried. That girl has an amazing voice and she gives a great, and fun show. So if you are looking for a sweet and fun movie, then yes this is the movie for you. I went to the cinemas yesterday to watch this movie, as I watch the trailers, I was excepting it to be great, and surprisingly it was! It turned the world of musical upside-down, the ABBA songs used were excellent, it fitted every situation perfectly.This movie gives you a mixture of feelings, it gives you butterflies, makes you laugh, makes you anxious on what's going to happen next and even makes you cry! The performances from the wonderful cast were a phenomenon, especially Meryl Streep, who surprised all of us with her singing talent and proved that she can shine, no matter what. So well done all of the cast! The script was throughly brilliant, it was presented very well, it had all the songs in the right places, all the laughs in the right places and all the tears in the right places. Not a single improvement to be made! So if you had a bad day and you're looking for a movie to take your mind off things, take a trip to the cinema for Mamma Mia and get ready to laugh, cry and be taken away.RATING : 10/10 A MUST SEE MUSICAL! 