One word sums up this film "Perfection". That's it really!! I saw this film in 1987 when it was released and was completely blown away and like Baby I fell in love with Johnny and Patrick Swayze. It has such classic lines as "I carried a watermelon" and "Nobody puts Baby in the corner" and too many others to mention. I loved the story, the characters, the setting, the dancing, and well … the music was phenomenal not one bad song in the whole soundtrack. It just shows that you don't have to spend a fortune to make a great film. Thank you to the cast and crew for making such a wonderful film which makes me smile like a Cheshire cat whenever I watch it. This is one of those rare rare films that needs a 30 year break between the time of production and the time of the review in order to appreciate it.Since 1987 I have seen this film 7 or 8 times. Each time it just gets better. As a Prolific Review here on the IMDb, I can count on the fingers of one hand the number of films that improve with age like that.This is literally the original "feel good" dance film -- which spawned dozens if not hundreds of imitations. The script is perfect. The acting is perfect. The casting is perfect. The direction is perfect. And the music score is to die for.Nobody puts Baby in a corner? Well, nobody should ignore this film either! Also has an odd note of the "one hit wonder" label about it, which in my view only makes it more of a treat than it already is.Swayze's career was unfortunately cut short. Jennifer Grey, who practically made this role a part of her DNA, had a nose job and (the cynics say) lost a lot of later roles because the casting directors were afraid no one would recognize her. And the brilliant writer/Producer Elenor Bergstein for whom this was a labor of love (there was a documentary on this) also seemed to hang up her spurs when production wrapped.The IMDb rating is a joke. This is no less a classic in its genre than Maltese Falcon or the Matrix.See it, rent it, buy it. But don't forget it. I don't really know what it is about Dirty Dancing.. there is some sort of absolute magic in this movie.. I cannot possibly recount the hundreds (yes, hundreds)of times I've watched it, beginning to end... but every time I do come upon it on TV, I am entranced and mystified and sit myself down and there I am, for two hours, loving the movie as if I'm watching it for the first time. Although Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey absolutely hated each other throughout the making of this film, they possess a beautiful chemistry on the set.. it makes the viewer enjoy it that much more, to see this passion and commitment.. and I can't help tearing up a tiny bit at the end, when Patrick comes up to the Houseman family and tells her dad, "Nobody puts Baby in a corner". (classic moment) For all those people who believe this movie is corny and sappy, maybe in a way it is, but it was the penicle of the 80's films, and put Patrick Swayze right on the map; his performance was immaculate. Three Cheers for Dirty Dancing !!Ps- The soundtrack is fantastic, an absolute masterpiece This movie has stood the test of time. Jennifer Grey and Patrick Swayze make movie magic with the sultry dance moves. The choreography and the music make this a ride you will not want to get off of. Now considered a cult classic, it has spawned a television series, Broadway production and most recently a remake (that was horrific). Fantastic piece of celluloid history that ought to be revisited every now and again. I'm Male-and yes i am straight! but this doesn't stop making this film one of my all time favourite films!I'm also convinced i'm not alone! I know for a fact there are blokes out there that either admittedly or secretly enjoy watching and love this classic film! (Not just English/British men-but men world wide!) and rightly so...nearly 18 years on, and this film is STILL watched and enjoyed- world wide, and people are still able to relate to it.I know all the words i've seen it that many times!Most of my dance moves i use for work-are taken from this film!There's so much energy.In fact it is my firm belief, if people were brought up thinking watching these types of films are deemed as 'cool' and OK to watch the world would be a slightly better place to live.An enjoyable film that doesn't make you want to go out into the world and cause havoc and heartache-do drugs or get into gun crime (coz its classed as being 'cool')this films makes you want to find a girl-that you can love and feel that special feeling felt in this film.It also makes you want to go out and enjoy yourself by simply Dancing!It's free,Legal and makes you feel good-while keeping you fit and healthy-not forgetting FUN! In my opinion, the films main two themes are 'LOVE', the true love story between Baby and Johnny (Jennifer Gray and Mr Swayze) (compared to Baby's sister's relationship-where she was just used for sex) plus classic Music. Yes music! The type you can really dance to! Every song on the soundtrack is fantastic! In true cheesy Dj style, i still play all the old classics from the soundtrack (especially 'Time of my life')and is still goes down a treat every single time! You just can't stop yourself! Anyway-everyone has wrote hundreds of reviews, and has pretty much summed up this film and explained the story...all thats left to say is....If you haven't seen this film yet...go treat yourself, buy the DVD (you can get if for an average of £5 or less (British pounds) Roughly 9 American Dollars (i think!)It's well worth it, and highly recommended.If, you enjoy the film-please go out and buy one of the 'Dirty Dancing' soundtracks- especially the Ultimate Dirty Dancing (released in the UK 2004 in celebration of the films anniversary- as it contains all of the songs and is digitally remastered. (I got my second personal copy from the British supermarket 'Tescos' for an amazing £6! (For anyone 'Up North' try 'Music Zone' as its only £6 in there too!Anyway-cheers for taking the time to read this-i'm sorry i went on a bit! If your planning on seeing this film for the first time...enjoy! And as everyone else has said-very cheesily! Try and have THE TIME OF YOUR LIFE!I will go as far to say 10/10. Highly enjoyable-with lots of energy. Makes yo wanna move like Swayze and Gray! This timeless summer love story is a classic and will never be dated. I can't even count how many times I've seen Dirty Dancing. This is one movie that I could probably watch every few weeks and still love.There is something timeless about this movie. I have loved other "blockbuster love story movies" like Pretty Woman and when Harry met Sally. I think their up there but there is something about Dirty Dancing that just makes it absolutely perfect. The characters, the chemistry between Swaze and Grey, the movie's direction, the INCREDIBLE dancing, the warm summery atmosphere, everything about dirty dancing is absolutely perfect. It is an instant classic and I've never really seen a movie like it either before or since.I don't think there is one particular element that makes this movie so loved but many things, a lot of which are mentioned by numerous reviewers. Dirty Dancing has a nostalgic, languid, summery mood, realistic characters, a relateable honest message coupled with incredible music and dancing, and the one of the best dance sequences cinema has ever given us. This movie is always on TV and I will continue to watch it as long as they show it. But I WILL mention I have no interest in seeing "Havanna Nights", this one they should have left alone. I have been waiting to see this film for ages and I finally have! As soon as I heard the title I knew that this film would be my favourite film ever and when I saw it believe me I wasn't disappointed!This film had everything dance, love and Patrick Swayze! There was so much in it and it dealt with important issues, (that were at the time, 1960's) , such as abortion.The dancing in this film was fantastic, just like the acting was! Swayze was brilliant just like Grey was too!Although this film was absolutely fantastic you cannot say that you have seen it if you haven't seen the last scene. It really does take your breath away as the whole choreography of the last dance was done brilliantly, it had you dancing at the end of the film and it really wouldn't surprise me if it influenced people to take up dancing!Overall Dirty Dancing is a film NOT to be missed and even if half the actors are in the: "Where are they now?" period the actors will always have this superb film in their career! As a person in an intellectual field, stating that my favourite movie is Dirty Dancing does not come with kind looks.  I, however, have never been more mesmerized and taken by a movie before or after this one.  Everything is perfectly placed and the subtle details entwined in the major scenes are excellent: I will always consider the car scene after Baby and Johnny's dance at the Sheldrick to be one of the most masterful cinematic scenes in film history.But, alas, all Dirty Dancing fans know that the only reason they watch the movie is for the last scene. Everything building up to it is necessary and, consequently, moving . . . but that scene leaves me breathless and goosebumped to this day.Do not avoid this movie because it is seemingly a superficial teenage romance.  It is not; on the contrary, it is a beautiful picture about life, hardships and of course, love. I viewed this movie for the first time last night and I enjoyed every aspect of it –the dancing, the acting, the dialogue, the plot, the script and the whole atmosphere that this movie created. I would highly recommend it.Jennifer Grey gives an absolutely wonderful and first class performance in her role as Frances (Baby) Houseman. She has a natural ability and flair for dancing and she is beautiful and enchanting on the dance floor. But what is wonderful about Baby is that she has such a wonderful depth and dimension to her character. This is not simply a movie about dancing but the scriptwriters have also given us a chance to see Baby deal with the various emotions and feelings that she is experiencing throughout the movie and to allow us an insight into how her interaction with others at the camp changes her life. Grey portrays her character with such realism and poignancy that you end up feeling deeply for Baby as she experiences all she does in this movie.Patrick Swayze is magnificent in his role as Johnny and truly succeeds in making his character come alive. He gives his character a comprehensive personality, strong appeal and great depth. The chemistry between Swayze and Grey is enchanting and powerful and contributes significantly to the great success of this movie Cynthia Rhodes is great in her role of Penny and her portrayal of the ordeal that she experiences is truly powerful and contributes a frightening dimension to the film. The other members of the supporting cast –Jerry Orbach and the late Mark Cantor deserve a special mention here-also give wonderful and imaginative performances that gives this movie an additional dimension of high quality acting and believability that is wonderful to experience. The dancing is magnificent and first class on the part of all involved. The script and interaction between all the major characters is intriguing and engages the viewer in a powerful fashion. The plot, although exceedingly predictable, is given more than enough life and vitality to make this movie successful. Furthermore the wonderful selection of music contained in this movie creates a truly magical atmosphere and very nostalgic environment that enhances the quality and success of all the various scenes.`Dirty Dancing' is a truly powerful, magnificent and very appealing movie that leaves you deeply touched and with a wonderful feeling in your heart and soul and an inspiration to dance. I highly recommend it This is the best movie ever, but that is my opinion. Some say it's cheesy but I think it is truly a beautiful film. The chemistry between Jennifer Grey and Patrick Swayze it's like no other I have ever seen, and that is what makes the film so perfect. I always wonder what would have been of this film if these two actors never existed, because not just one them did it for me, they both did. If you have never seen this film, when you do you will understand what I mean. Dirty Dancing looks like it was done from the heart and it feels so real for some reason, like magic- and the soundtrack LOVE IT. Besides the 2 lead actors the soundtrack makes the film the beauty that it is. As you can tell I am in love with this film, and I know you will be too. My mom has told me to watch this movie for a long time. I've never watched it until a few days ago. Now, that i saw it, I understand why my mom was begging me to watch the movie. It's the best movie I've seen in years and I fell unconditionally in love with it. So if any of you are interested in watching it, you should see it immediately. I don't know what makes it amazing or what makes me want to STARE at it all day long, but I think that it, in some way, is the greatest movie of all times and, again, IT REALLY IS F-ING INCREDIBLE! NOW I'LL START SCREAMING BECAUSE I LOVE IT SOOOO MUCH AND I WANT TO SEE IT ALL DAY LONG AND I WANT THE MAIN SONG TO BE PLAYED AT MY WEDDING AND FUNERAL. AND AT MY MOM'S FUNERAL. AND AT EVERYONE'S WEDDING!! There isn't one movie, in this genre, that's better than this one! Don 't mind the 7, it is definitely a 10! I first saw this movie with my fiancée many years after it came out. I thought I would hate it, but to my surprise it is so cheesy that it's great. We've spent many hours reenacting parts of the movie ("Sylvia?!Yes Mickey?" or "I'm sorry you had to see that Baby. Sometimes in this world we see things that we don't want to."). My financee cracks up every time I imitate Neil. Also the music is classic and fun to sing along with, especially on road trips. Of course I don't admit any of this to my male friends. It's like a guilty pleasure. I seriously watch Dirty Dancing once a month or more and it is just as good every time. Jennifer Grey is also so cute in this movie. Its too bad her career never really took off. There was talk on the E! Hollywood Special about the Making of Dirty Dancing which still is considered by many women including a dear friend of mine in her fifties to be one of her favorite all time movies. Maybe the music, the dancing, or the melodrama around the plot of Baby Frances becoming a dancing sensation with Johnny Castle. Of course, this film established Jennifer Grey whose biggest role to date was the resentful sister in Ferris Beuller's Day Off. Patrick Swayze is perfectly cast as the heart throb leading man who sweeps baby away literally. Dirty Dancing has it all to become a Broadway or West End smash hit. It has the love story, the music, and most of all lots of dancing. Jennifer and Patrick could revive their roles easily. it is nice to see Jerry Orbach play a doctor instead of a police officer and Kelly Bishop as the mother. It all took place in the Catskills in the sixties where many Jewish families vacationed in the area during their summer vacations. At the end of the film, it is sad to see the hotel owner, Kellerman, be baffled by the next generation. It happened anyway! Most people prefer cruises and traveling through Europe than spending the summer in the Catskills. Those old grand hotels are becoming Indian gaming casinos. Let Broadway bring Dirty Dancing alive and well. After all, they could do it for Footloose and Saturday Night Fever, this should be a no brainer! I know that this film is one of the favorites that you don't get tired of after watching 800 times. There are people that have probably seen this film-a 1,000 times by now. Somehow watching the making and the story behind Dirty Dancing made me long for my childhood days as a thirteen year old. Dirty Dancing may not be the greatest film ever made in the history but its universal appeal still draws crowds and repeated watchers like the 800 club whose members have watched it so many times. I watch it fondly now with all the awkwardness of Baby's first days and her first true love with Patrick Swayze as heart throb, Johnny Castle. Nobody could have imagined this little film as a big hit then with the sixties music, two soundtracks, and even a tour in the late eighties. I hope they bring it to Broadway in a musical. It would work for the audience to be part of a film. No wonder it still attracts kids and even adults particularly women of all ages to watch it over and over again. Well, Australia and London both have had productions of Dirty Dancing. It looks like it will come to Broadway in 2007 just in time for it's 20th anniversary. When this film was released I dismissed as being lightweight pop nonsense. That was a mistake.  After repeated viewings and seeing a documentary of the making of DIRTY DANCING, discovering the depth of this film certainly increases its appeal.DIRTY DANCING is a film about change.  The evolving nature of relationships within the family, the changes in one's view of the world during their coming of age, etc.  The story takes place during August of 1963, the final weeks of the last summer of innocence for the American people.  The many personal changes experienced by the characters reflect the many changes in American society that would be marked by the Kennedy assassinations and Vietnam.Female movie go'ers adored this film and repeated trips to the movie houses made it the world's most successful dance movie.  As a male I find the romantic pairing of ultimate stud Patrick Swayze with very plain Jennifer Grey very hard to accept.  This would be fatal for most romantic dramas, and it also may have create the intense dislike expressed by most male reviewers.The film's soundtrack found #1 status before the release of the movie.  To this day it is nearly impossible to attend a wedding reception without hearing a DIRTY DANCING song.Near the midpoint of the film Baby's mother wakes up and asks Baby's father, "Is anything wrong?"Baby's father, the anti-change family member, attempts to keep all that is happening a secret.  He tells his wife to go back to sleep.  However, resist as one can, change is unstopable.  DIRTY DANCING is the story of one person waking up just at the final moments of our country's last sleep in innocence. Always great to watch. Great dancing, great acting. This is one of the most beautiful, sexy, exhilarating movies of all time. If you are one of the few people on this planet whose never seen this film.... Well my friend this one is "An Absolute Must See"!
It is pretty risqué, no complete nudity, it's just as it's title suggests.... "Dirty Dancing" there are a couple of bedroom scenes but they are covered. The story line isn't particularly good for anyone under the age of 16yrs old. This goes down as the greatest for me. I love this movie and itll always have a special place in my heart. I can literally watch this movie every single day. most times i really do. You can easily see why this movie became such a hit back in the day and still loved today by younger and older generations. This movie got a wonderful soundtrack, great actors, lots of dancing, drama and comedy. Even if the movie is set in the 60s it has that long gone feeling of the carefree, happy 80s. Grey and Swayze are captivating and they just has that untouchable charm that you only can find in these lovely movies from the 80s. I will also give cred for the wonderful cinematography which capture the colors of the nature scenes. This is a must see for everyone! It could be the summer atmosphere, or the time frame of simpler days, or maybe it's the forbidden love between the ultimate bad boy and daddy's little girl, and the music that perfectly sets the mood for each scene; but what I think what makes the movie, Dirty Dancing, so intriguing is simply the dancing itself. We've all seen those movies where we leave the theater thinking we can sing any song, or move to any beat that comes our way, and this is one of those movies. The dancing is different from any other movie, because although it takes place in the sixties, the dancing is so much more risqué than anything movie watchers were accustomed to seeing at that point in time. While using older songs combined with young, sensual dancing the movie is able to reach out to an audience with a variety of ages.The movie introduces its unique dancing early on, automatically intriguing the viewers to question things like "Did people really dance like that?" and "Could I learn how?" The movie is able to reach out to these common people by having the main character, Baby Houseman, witness the dancing for the very first time and shows her utter shock, but also her desire to know more. As the plot continues and the characters become more developed the dancing becomes not only a sight to see, but also it leaves a window for inferences to be made. As Baby is trained to dance by bad-boy Johnny the viewers begin to wonder if their sensual dancing will ever lead to something more? This movie is able to take the typical idea of "boy meets girl, boy and girl fall in love" and completely make it new, unique, and fascinating all through the use of dance.As Baby and Johnny get to know each other better throughout their training process, the movement of their dancing goes from simply following the motions, and transitions to actually feeling the music and even expressing their inner feelings for one another. As their love affair grows so does the viewers love and desire to see more and more dancing. The movie does a great job creating the idea that the characters are their truest selves in dancing scenes more than any other.I think so many people enjoy the movie because it doesn't just tell a love story, but shows one. It is able to show a love story not by the characters words but by their choreography. Before Baby or Johnny even declares their feelings for one another it is seen in the way their dancing morphs over time, from impersonal to all consuming. To the characters in the movie, their raunchy dancing is a way to rebel against the expectations of the generations above them, and through this the movie gives the audience a sense of defiance and the idea that they should be proud to do what they love, no matter what society may think.Over all it is so difficult to pin-point what makes Dirty Dancing the wonderful, cliché classic that it is, but the dancing aspect I feel is what ties the intriguing plot, the charismatic characters, the music, and the beautiful setting all together to create something more than a romantic drama. Dirty Dancing is one of those movies I could watch time after time and only grow more in love with it. It has the perfect amount of drama, romance, conflict, and cheesy monologues to satisfy all my desires when watching a movie. Because of this movie the song Time of My Life will always strike a chord in my heart and dancing will never be quite as great unless it's Dirty Dancing. this is an excellent movie i have been watching it since i was 6yrs old with my big sister. it is the type of movie that u can watch over and over again and still laugh, smile, and cry every time with out ever getting bored of it like other movie's. it is a movie that will live on forever through generations of family. i love it :) when ranking from 1-10 in my case i would rate it easily 9.9 every time. Itis a film about the change of a girl (baby) and her first boy-friend (Johnny)their relationships within the family, the changes in baby's and Johnny's view of the world during their relationship.DIRTY DANCING WILL FOREVER LIVE ON AS A TIMLESS CLASSIC. thank-you sorry though for only the short comment. One of the greatest movies to come out of the 80's, Dirty Dancing was a low-budget film with high-budget returns. With a soundtrack that makes you want to get up and dance, to a love story that all of us wish we could live (at least if you're female), this is a movie that you will want to watch over and over again.The music, which is what drives the movie, is upbeat and flows well with the emotions which are drawn from the viewer. From classic '60's hits like "Love Man" by Otis Redding and "Big Girls Don't Cry" by Frankie Valli to pure '80's hits like Eric Carmen's "Hungry Eyes" and Frank Zappacosta's "Overload", Dirty Dancing is a mix of fun and sensual, showing the transformation of a young girl from shy teenager into a blossoming womanhood, all against the beautiful backdrop of a summer romance that we all hope and wish turned into more.The dancing in "Dirty Dancing" is not to be forgotten. Cynthia Rhodes shines in her role as Penny, a dancer who could challenge even the most fluid and lithe gymnasts. Patrick Swayze does more than a fantastic job and shows off more and more of his skills, not just as an actor, but dancer and singer as well. And Jennifer Grey shines as Baby, while her transformation in dancing portrays her transformation in status as well.All in all, Dirty Dancing is one of the best movies of all time, and well worth watching at least once. It's doubtful that the first beats of the Ronette's "Be My Baby" in the opening title won't snare your attention and draw you in to a magical world of sensual dance and musical enchantment. If you have a soul you will love this movie. It is THE Movie for the last 30- 40 years. The definiton of Love,Movie and Dance eveything that is making this Life worth to live. It is the most wonderful Love Story ever have taken place. Thank you making this Legend. And for all the Young Bloods out there....enjoy the movie!!! I like the bit where she carries the watermelons and the dancing bits were good too. The movie is very fun, really enjoyable. Yes, it has lots of problem.. acting, story.. but just because of that ending it's a 10 for me. 