Lady Gaga can sing, but i can not say therefore that was a good movie. I was waiting the whole time when the heck this movie would end. I do not recommend it. This movie is just plain bad. There must be some big payola going round this awards season. Badly written, average acting at best, all the characters are unrelatable and inlikeable. 2 hours of my life wasted. Gaga was edited out of any opportunity to really act and other actors carried her scenes on there back. Bradley Cooper just drank swore and mumbled for 2 hours. I really don't understand where all the good reviews and awards are coming from. It was well acted, directed, and the music was good. But the story is yawn. Not trying to rip anybody but I checked my watch a dozen times during this movie. It's also my opinion that the characters weren't developed properly. Introduce us to the characters and let us see who they are prior to meeting each other.Sam Elliot & Andrew Dice Clay were standouts. Toss every movie trope into a salad, add a bit of sap and you've got A Star Is Born. I wanted to love this movie but it was a total mess from start to finish. I didn't care about a single character and wasn't surprised by anything, not even the "tragic" ending. The songs were good and the acting was fine I guess (other than Gaga who was bleh) but the story was all over the place, the motivations of the characters were inconsistent and I didn't believe for a second that any of this was happening. Overall one of the worst movies I've seen in a while (and I saw both Peppermint and "Ready Player One", so...). Okay. I went and saw it because of the soft side in me (or, in other words, my wife wanted me to go see it with her .... I love her so much). I didn't know what to expect so I went in with an open mind. The first hour showed promise but the rest of the movie was kinda like the movie the "Titantic" -- You knew the boat would sink at the end. I found the F word so often said that it took away from the film. I say that word from time to time but not 74 times in two hours. And, I'm 33 years old. And, I'm not bashful. Lada Gaga is the reason for the crowded theater. If they said Stephanie Germanotta was the actor in it, the theater would have been empty. I personally like her and admire her for opening up about her mental and physical struggles. That is a great help for so many! But, this is a movie and not a lipped sync'd video. The Lady Gaga marketing didn't make up the difference for this film.One poster asked a good question: How many 10 out of 10's can fans give a movie when it isn't even released? Is this just marketing by the movie makers?Five foot two is better than this movie. Wait for a Star is Born to come out to redbox or netflix..... The restrooms will be closer and the drinks will be cheaper. I cannot believe the high review scores on this site- one even called it a masterpiece! After spending 2.25 hours watching this I can only rate it as 1/10, in other words utter rubbish, waste of time. The plot could be told in under a minute but it took the producers 2.25 hours to tell this pitiful and obvious predictable tale. The whole thing seems like a lady gaga promo video, and good for her, she has obvious talent and it's her film! The other lead character is an obvious " drink and drugs" tale but what is not explained is - WHY? What made him such a lush? He's not an appealing character but we don't know why..? She on the other hand shamelessly exploits his introduction and reputation to build HER career! The ending was obvious and far too long in coming.
If you have not seen it, dont bother, go and watch paint dry instead. Yeah, you read that headline right. I absolutely hated this cliched mess of a movie that did absolutely nothing new or interesting. I could go on and on about the specifics of the movie that I disliked (and I actually did on my blog), but I'll make an attempt to keep it brief.The first third or so of the movie was pretty good in my opinion--the characters really shined and the soundtrack was absolutely phenomenal. It was this first third or so of the movie that made me respect the love story and convinced me--even for a second--that it would be a new take on this kind of love story. Then a record producer showed up and everything went downhill. From there, every single aspect of the plot was dull, predictable, and unexciting. I wondered what the point was in staying and watching through the entire thing if I could predict it all. The characters are what ultimately got me through the movie (or more specifically Jackson, since I found Ally nearly unlikable by the end of the film).I only cried once while the other moviegoers in my theater were blubbering over every other line of dialogue. The end of the movie--where Jackson committed suicide--is the only part that got me. Other scenes were just predictable and boring to me (if well acted). The movie's commentary on the suicide ("It was HIS fault") enraged me, since it's NOBODY'S fault when someone commits suicide.Every other aspect of the movie (with the exception of the aforementioned soundtrack and performances of the actors) is either dull or unnoteworthy. The movie clearly has nothing new to say other then new artists with crappy music deserve a Grammy. I wasn't happy I saw it and I am wholly unsatisfied with the experience. At least Gaga and Cooper have amazing singing voices. This 4th incarnation of A Star is Born featuring Bradley Cooper and Dollar Store Madonna knockoff Lady Gaga is proof yet again that there really is very little or no creativity in Hollywood in our modern times. Are filmmakers so dam lazy that they decided to reheat a classic film like mom's late night leftovers which the more times you do the taste tends to spur over time. That's what this film is like. 1 remake is fine, 2 remakes is pushing but 3 damn remakes of the original film...just toss what very little brain cells you have left in the garbage because those praising this reheated concoction are suffering from long term food poison. Sorry the Star isn't born because the Star burnt out just like mom's leftovers Remake, Rehash, Recycle and do it badly seems to be the new norm. This film has little emotional feel to it. You would get more emotion from an episode of hollyoaks. Lady Gaga is pretty good in the lead role but Bradley Cooper is quite frankly a poor acrtor who has only made it because of his looks. He was just not a convincing alcoholic / drug addict. As for his direction, words fail me.
The film just doesn't flow from the get go and the script is amateurish and patchy. Don't waste your money on this turkey. Wow just when I thought nobody in Hollywood could find a way to beat a dead horse Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga do it. Completely pathetic that they had to do a reboot of a movie to get any Oscar attention. I love how before posting this IMDb asks, does this review contains spoilers? It's a movie that's been done twice before by better people than Cooper and Gaga. I hesitate to label it the "Worst movie of the year" when "Worst movie of the century" fits it even better. It's so sad and shameful that critics have to lie and write positive reviews for money!!! This movie is so boring and lame! I like Bradley Cooper as an actor but jeez, Gaga can't act at all, there's no connection between her and the character and during the film, it feels like someone feeding her lines. This movie is a nasty, foul deposit in the great toilet bowl of cinema trash. Don't waste your time and money! Is purposefully unintelligently heavy handed so as to seem as a plot is well developed when its not, just keeps going back and forth to keep you think you are "feeling" things when you are really not, bad just very very bad The movie has good acting and amazing music, but the sheer fact that the end message is that there is such a thing as a noble suicide voids it all. The most horrible thought to ever put into an impressionable mind, adult or child, is this movie's ending. My heart aches for the kid whose Mom and Dad are getting a divorce and the kid think it's his or her fault and that he or she may be the cause of their strife. Then decides to tap out because they saw this movie.
So, leaving her was not an option? And actually what is wrong with her sacrifice for their love postponing her singing career for their love and his health? That was noble and caring of her. That was true love.This jerk kills hikself scarring her and his brother and anyone else who loves him forever.This is by far one of the worst stories and messages ever given in a Hollywood movie. The title shouldn't be A Star is Born. It should be A Selfish Man Destroys His Life and Those Who Truly Cared. Complete mess. I expected mote from this movie, the story can carry the emotions it's trying tk transfer, the acting ia okay, but ti give this 8.4? It's shameful. Lady Gaga a horrible actress if you want a chance to catch up on sleep perfect movie for it. Had about 20 times to end and and it never ended I eventually just walked out after it would never end I took a nap and woke up and it was still playing well rested now. This movie is absolutely stupid and predictable. Its a fantasy about nothing that happens in real life.. Lady GAGA cannot act worth anything, its just a manipulative movie to get your money.. LAME LAME LAME waste of money This is its fourth time being remade, same plot, same title, same story. No effort needed here. Quit praising an unoriginal idea. And lady gaga makes me want to hurl up raw meat. Successful singer who doesn't wash his hair meets unsuccessful singer who does wash her hair. He helps her become successful while becoming unsuccessful himself and then he dies. I was looking forward to this movie... Previews make it look like a feel good movie. It was anything but!  Second half of the movie really drug on and on! Wondering when the movie would be over. Left the theater feeling depressed. The person I went to the movies with told me she still felt depressed 24 hours later. .I love Bradley Cooper and I love Lady Gaga but I have no interest in seeing depressing movies. I gave it only 1 star to Appreciate how handsome is bradly Cooper. But the story gets no where, make no sense and has no meaning at all If you saw the trailer already, I do not recommend watching this movie. It happens exactly what you expect to happen. No surprises, no excitement, just cheesy. Also it could have been a lot of shorter. I just watched it because of Lady Gaga in the starring role but at some times I was about to fall asleep. I'm going to write this review as though I didn't know there were four previous remakes.I thought this film would really focus on a hidden talent with a beautiful soulful being discovered.This is what happens. A beautiful vulnerable open singer (gaga) who sings at a drag club is discovered singing la vie on rose by a famous singer (cooper). The chemistry between these two actors works. The opening moments are vulnerable and honest with a few cute and endearing moments. Bradley looks lovingly at her and twinkles his eyes with a wide tight grin, which he reuses over and over again in the movie. There are holes in bad editing about why the characters keep getting pulled together when you look at it frame by frame. Lady Gaga has vocal range and can rise seamless from a deep loud belt to a soft vulnerable falsetto. Her acting is great in the opening and in the second half it falls through and is incongruent with her arc and relationship but is still relatively good. The directing choices made for gaga by cooper were not good for the second half of the film. Gaga also lacks emotional depth in her eyes and facial expressions though I've seen her in interviews and She is capable of making them. The female character is not well or strongly written. Bradley coopers character and arc get really good in the second half of the film and it's a killer performance. There are a ton of cheesy cliche lines that are delivered by the actors as such. The sentimental nose thing that they do three times in the movie endearing how Bradley loves her nose is over done and forced every time it is done after the scene where she is outside her house which was done well the first time.The story is what gets me the most. I am no stranger to addiction or careers in the arts but this is a problem with Hollywood that will persist to getting oscars. A male alc addict who was drinking buddies with his dad finds a beautiful rose (Gaga) and does not want to pluck it or kill its soul because that would kill the talent. So instead he lets her be added to his performance. She is poor waitressing tables and he is a millionaire. He feels bad about killing her soul musically when she makes cheap music after her manager transforms her into something that she is not. His relationship with her is not enough to push him over the edge so the manager tells cooper he is bad for Gaga when he is finishing rehab which pushes his to commit suicide. His relationship with her and guilt wasn't enough to do that it was this strange manager who was very guilt tripping and aggressive and wasn't deeply developed enough as a character. She is untraditionally beautiful but has a beautiful soul but is coerced into making cheap music and lyrics changing everything about her appearance and dancing sexily. She has the ultimate struggle that everyone women faces but the depths of it are not seen and the focus protagonist and one we are directed to sympathize with is cooper. He is sad about how the industry takes women with soul and cheapens them to make money and she has a beautiful soul and has to sacrifice herself to "make it" but none of the emotional strides she goes through in that department are truly seen or felt. Instead she feels guilty about his addiction and he kills himself because he feels guilty for her soul dying in the sacrifices for fame because the manager pushes him to do so through guilt tripping. Gaga struggles the most with her character being a deeply profound lyricist with critical thoughts about the world having to "so easily" give up herself for stardom. The transition is not present in the direction or writing but is critical to the pathos of the story. Instead we sympathize for an rich rock star that got to write deep lyrics and sing on stage by himself while she was happy singing with her drag friends being her full self and then had to lose all of her soul and change her looks to something she was not for fame. That struggle is not even depicted in the movie or felt. And it ends up being a sympathizer movie of an alcoholic that faced way less life adversity and then committed suicide. While we know her situation financially was weak but artistically and soulfully full in the beginning and then gets flipped upside down, but we do not truly or deeply see that struggle and transformation. Coops acting at the second half was great, but a lot of the self indulgent directing took away for what this movie could have been and the depth of their relationship. The original "A Star Is Born" Is a timeless iconic classic and this a bad clichéd remake I'd recommend skipping this one. This movie was way overhyped. Collapse Lady Gaga is quite good, in an 'Oh, she can act as well as sing' sort of way. But she sacrifices her edginess.Bradley Cooper is one of those American actors whose name sounds like a corporate lawyer and whose performances have about as much charisma. Perhaps writing and directing as well as learning to play the guitar really badly was a bit of a strain.In the end this is no more than a 'tribute movie'; a tribute to the Streisand/Kristofferson version. The songs are mediocre, the story is laboured, and the clichés are polished and arranged in a display cabinet like glass animals.Oh for a film that takes chances. 