The movie portrays First Officer William Murdoch in a way that is totally contrary to the truth but instead suits a particular propagandist position. This is both immoral and grossly hurtful to Murdoch's descendants. No wonder the Chinese government recommended the movie to their people. It amazes me how modern American filmakers seem to delight in tearing down the society and values they have grown up in. The film is an insult to all those passengers and crew who showed such tremendous courage in the face of a horrific death. In reality it was NOT two 90's style teenagers who were the heroes of the Titanic. Hmm, I wonder what happened at the end? I must have watched 6/8 of this film before washing the dishes seemed a more appealing chore. Many actors can perform convincingly in period films, but this cast did not convince me at all that they were anything but 1990s actors with 1990s dialog trying to look like people from the 1910s. The script was inane, leaving the viewer with only special effects for interest. In the very-near future, when high-tech special effects no longer dazzle audiences, this moneymaking venture will be re-evaluated. I'll give it a 2/10 in order to be fair to the special effects staff, who clearly labored the hardest on this film and deserve some credit. Titanic:Number one box office takings of all time, by a mile. Special effects better than any other movie, ever.And nowhere to be seen on the IMDB voters' top 250.Why the disparity? Because Special Effects do not a Movie Make, and cannot cover the cracks in the pedestrian plot and the cardboard characterisation.The ultimate reputation of this film has been sunk not by an iceberg but a similarly immovable object; the judgment of movie-lovers. Despite the millions it may have raked in, I'm sorry, this is one of the absolute worst movies I have ever seen.  Not that I don't think all the praise in the world for the technical side shouldn't be heaped upon it, the visual effects were undisputably stunning, but this is Hollywood at its worst : pure candyfloss.  Completely contrived, sugarcoated and poorly-written, Titanic is a waste of any thinking viewers' time. The producers and writers of Titanic obviously believed they'd bore and alienate the targeted teen and twenty-something audience to the point of losing them if the characters had the attitudes, mannerisms and style of speech that was appropriate for the time, so they had Jack (Leonardo Dicaprio) and Rose (Kate Winslett) speaking contemporary dialogue in a contemporary style, or at least contemporary for '97. A young man in 1912 would not say, "You seem more like an indoor girl." Aside from a certain hostile type of mental patient or the most outrageous and anti-social bohemian agitator, young adults in 1912 did not repeatedly tell their elders to shut up. The creators of the film are counting on what they perceive to be the teen and young adult's lack of knowledge or interest in the values and social customs of the very early 20th century. Since they want the audience to get swept away by the drama and romance of Jack and Rose they want them to relate to everything about them. I remember that this was billed as somewhat of a a fantasy re-imagining of a real event, but this type of historical revisionism, I think, in which human behavior is simply made more familiar, is an insult to any viewer with a 3-digit I.Q. One continuity problem that really gets me is how, when the ship is sinking and Jack and Rose are still inside, the water level is lower and the water becomes calmer around them every time they have a conversation. Again, the makers of the film don't want the reality of the disaster to encroach on, or distract us from, the passionate young romance they're trying to draw us into. Clearly the creators of the film think that the romance is a bigger draw for a major segment of the audience than the story of an enormous disaster that killed over 1,500 people and I'm sure they're right, but often when true and fictional stories exist in the same movie, one weakens the impact of the other, and it's certainly true in this case. I haven't seen the new 3D version but I assume the only change is the 3D effect. This is a bland, pandering, intelligence-insulting and epically overrated epic. Can we say predictable?  Can we say simplistic?  Can we say a badly told love story with NOTHING new that exists only to fill time before a roller coast sfx show happens?  Can we say 3 hours of annoying drivel written by hacks hammed up by "beautiful" media darling actors?We don't have to say any of this.  Cameron did it for us and spent WAY too much money doing it.Perfect 1.  Nuff said. I believe that Titanic is the most over-rated movie of all time. Its plot is un-original (boy meets girl, falls in love, than heartbreak), its script is un-original and its acting is mediocre. The only reason its #1 in money is: The titanics fame, and teeny bopper girls that watch it over 30 times in the theatre during its release. If everyone only watched it once, it would probably be in 15th or 20th place. Atleast there can't be a sequal! Ok, I borrowed that phrase from a person called Red Elvis but it was too good to ignore for this formulaic recipe.Mix together a bunch of cliches. Boy meets girl. Boat meets iceberg. Add social and ethnic stereotypes by the shovel. Stir in a heap of stodgy dialogue and a lot of very good and expensive special effects.Add a million gallons of salty water and what do you get? A mess that will make you nauseous. When I went to see this film, I was expecting something truly great.  I was sadly very disappointed.  The characters were generally poorly developed, leaving me with a sickly sweet after taste, rather than a feeling of sorrow or compassion. Whilst the talent gathered (Winslet, Zane) hinted at true acting ability (they have provided far better performances in other films), the script is lacking in anything other than schoolgirl Mills and Boon. The technical effects have obviously been done to high standards, as the boat looks impressive, but that is where it ends, as the man-child DiCaprio slaughters the basest of emotional lines, as makes the romance seem cliched and below par. If you absolutely must see this film, see it on the silver screen, as the lack of grandeur which is displayed on the small screen leaves only the "acting" to behold. I will never understand the common man, and therefore will never understand the mass hysteria over this movie.  I did not care about any of the passengers James Cameron took the time to introduce us to.  In fact, we know none of the true heart-breaking tales of the R.M.S. Titanic - only the fanciful romantic tale of a spoiled brat and the only American in steerage. It is frightening to me that America embraced this movie without ever learning one bit of true history about the disaster of the Titanic.  5 will get you 10 that most of America believes there was such a jewel as the Heart of the Ocean.  We already know many fools clamored around the graves of anyone known as Jack Dawson.  Most offensive, however, are Mr. Cameron's comments at the Oscars without any regard for the 1523 lives actually lost on the R.M.S. Titanic.  Life is not a movie, and love does not conquer all. Quite possibly one of the worst movies ever made, this film ignores the heart-rending stories of the 2000+ real people who were one the Titanic to present to us a redundant romeo/juliet storyline. Kate Winslet plays a spoiled "free-spirit" who is being forced by her mother to marry the wealthy Billy Zane. On board the Titanic, she meets Jack (Leonardo di Caprio), who teaches her to be "free", or in other words, be trashy and self-centered. The movie is filled with bad acting and even worse writing. The only redeeming features are the special effects which are stunning and the beautiful soundtrack. This movie began the sad trend of turning tragedies into love stories. After Titanic came Pearl Harbor. It really is getting sad. The only good part of this movie is the sinking of the ship. The CG in that part is really good, but really, was this that great of a movie? No. To prove this, one must only look at its theme song. Tired already? After hearing "You'll be in my heart" for the 1,496th time (yes, I really did count. I was really bored one month), i got really tired of it, to say the least. It is unbearably long, and undeservedly so. Unlike LOTR: ROTK, which was a truly epic movie, this movie just seemed to drag on. And what was with the dropping of the necklace into the ocean? Yes, it was symbolic, but really, that thing was worth millions!Anyways, if you are considering watching this movie, just forget it and go rent something meaningful, like the Godfather, or any of the LOTR movies, some truly GREAT movies. Or if you are looking for a laugh, get Thumbtanic. That was pretty funny, and it will basically give you a shorter, more intelligent overview of the Titanic than this movie did. Once upon a time there was a director by the name of James. He brought us wonderfully, thrilling science-fiction such as Terminator and Aliens. These movies were the stuff blockbusters were made of and he looked to have a fantastic future ahead of him as the dawn of computer generated special effects landed upon the film industry. Terminator 2 showed gave us glimpses of what was possible in this new era........and then it happened...................1997........countless awards..........obscene amounts of money............outlandish barrage of advertising............maximum profit margin........Titanic was here!I have never (ever) been one to jump on the bandwagon and be overly critical for the sake of it, in fact I have often taken the opposite stance from the majority just to get an argument going. Titanic however was a film I only took one single positive out of - that of Kate Winslett being absolutely gorgeous throughout!Quickly - the dialogue was like something out of Beverly Hills 90210, the acting was more wooden than my nephew's tree house, images meant to terrify were actually comical (man falling from ship and hitting propeller), historically false (don't even get me started because there's too much), it had dire theme music (up there with the bodyguard for cheese) and the pointless love story was so tedious, self absorbing and pathetic that it disrespected the plight of everyone else involved (I was glad when he died and disappointed when she did not).It was plainly obvious from the word go that this picture was designed to appeal to MTV watching, bubblegum chewing, boy-with-car chasing, teenage girls (DeCaprio himself resembled something less heroic than the weedy member of a boy band) who would drag their sex-starved boyfriends out for a three and a half hour chick-flick hoping to get lucky later! The worst aspect was that it did not stop at that point. Millions of dumbed down, culture vultures went to see this expensive waste of celluloid because "it cost so much to produce it must be great" and "Steve and Barbara said it was good and they know their movies". The crowning glory arrived when Titanic swept the boards at the Academy Awards. King James of Hollywood had a serious moment of silence for the victims of the fatal evening on which his three and a half hour farce was based. It looked to me as if he was praying for forgiveness after making a fortune off inaccurately portraying the circumstances that lead to the death of a lot of people. However, if people are stupid and sentimental enough to buy into this kind of rubbish they deserve to get ripped off. Good luck to Hollywood if that is how they want to make money, I'd do it if I had those kind of chances in life!It is right up there on my all time worst movies list with other silly, historically false/human interest tripe like "The Patriot" and "Pearl Harbor". Poor DiCaprio. First he falls in love with ugly Kate Winslet, then he can't convince her to let him on the saving shelves in the ice water. But what is the worst: the computer generated fly over the hopping titanic animation (man, we already had 1997, and we could have done better simulations!) under the squeaking voice of Celine D. "my heart will go on..." anyway, a good example of "how to give awards to the wrong film" Anachronistic dialogue, pathetic direction (did they really all sleep through it at Oscar time?)  Impossible behaviour for that day and time. Absolutely nothing worth spending any money on.  Even the sets and costumes reeked of ineptitude and a vast failure in research.Not even Leonardo DiCaprio, such an excellent young actor in films like...Gilbert Grape, can overcome the soggy, asinine, totally erroneous script and amateur direction of James Cameron, who should go back to Alpo dog food commercials.I have heard that people have seen it more than once.  They must have gone back to count the howlers. I really just wanted to vote on this film.  Contrary to what many say, this film does deserve the worst ratings and does NOT deserve to be in the top 250 or 500 or 5,000,000 (including Hollywood and Bollywood).  Come on people, get some life experience and develop the right side of that brain!!! Titanic has made movie history!! It's unbelievable that such a bad tearjerker can be doing so well at the box office!!Where is the plot? Well, the movie does have ... sort of a plot, but it's very very very weak. The love between Jack and Rose is so superficial.Where are the characters? I can't find any real character! Everywhere I look, I find cliches and stereotypes. The rich must be arrogant, ignorant, evil, etc, while the poor must be the exact opposite.Can the actors act? Sure, every single one can but not in this movie. The acting is somewhere between so-so and bad! I've seen better performance from Cathy Bates, Leonardo DiCarpio, Bill Paxton.. in other movies.The visual effects is the only saving grace! The sinking of the ship is just magnificent!! It's just a shame they could have spent so much money to recreate the ship but they couldn't create a good story that has characters with substance!For teenagers who are flooded with hormones and a not-so-well-developed brain, it's understandable that they love the movie. For those who love it because it makes them cry, I suggest cutting an onion. It's much cheaper and tears come out faster!! This film must be one of the seven plagues. There's no escape from it even though anyone can see the script was bad, the acting preposterous and the characters ludicrous. I still have no idea how this film could be seen as great when the far better 'A Night to Remember' has been forgotten by almost everyone. In many ways Titanic is a great movie. The effects are realistic enough to let you get right into it and the performances are generally very good; especially the gorgeous Kate who convinces with, or without, her kit on. It is a story of an ill fated but grand love affair. An unhappy heiress falls for a lovely poor guy over the rich, handsome, total bastard she's engaged to and trouble inevitably follows. This epic story is played out against the backdrop of a ship sinking which adds to the emotion, poignancy, hysteria and general tearfulness of it all and therein lies my problem with this flick.Before Titanic was a film it was a ship. Many real people died. Their families still remember. (yes even a century later), This movie is not a tribute or an insult. It is a disregarding of their memory. Jack and Rose could have had their moment in any one of a thousand scenarios. Why sully this tragic event?The sinking of the Titanic is a great historical tragedy. Not only death, but needless death, plus the loss of a magnificent machine, which was a tribute to human endeavour and ingenuity. The folly of her reckless handling in dangerous waters ( That's the ship, not Kate). The stupidity of man's "unsinkable" challenge to nature. The struggle of the crew to save as many people (especially rich ones) as possible. What a great film that could be (they tried to make it in 1958). A story that respected every gasp for air, every self sacrifice, every bloody engineer. Why did we need Jack and Rose? Is this the price we pay for Hollywood. This was arguably the most over-hyped movie of all time. Some of the special effects were great, but others looked extremely amateur indeed. The dialogue was full of cliches and the plot was so predictable. Yeah, I know we all knew the ship was going to sink, but even the love story plot was like a Barbara Cartland novel. Kate Winslet looked great, but my only thoughts in the final scenes were that I wished Leonardo DiCaprio's character would hurry up and die, so the torture could end more quickly.Blech! This movie is *pitiful.* It is *abominable*. In terms of dung heaps, it is second only to "Superman Returns." That's not a very honorable position.Why do I hate "Titanic," you may be wondering? Here's a list. 1) Leonardo di Caprio's performance as the lovable but down-on-his-luck guy could have been played better and more realistically by Paris Hilton. 2) Kate Winslet's fake American accent is the least of the woes left by her whiny, I'm-a-poor-widdle-rich-girl turn. 3) James Cameron should automatically be disqualified as the director of any real historical tragedy, because he makes us care more about the prettiness of the ship than the victims. 4) Where James Horner's music fails to nauseate (he was really off his game here), you always have the classic fallback: Celine Dion's mess of a theme song.Those are the top four reasons-- I could write a 52-page essay on why this movie is so horrid, but IMDb doesn't provide reviewers with that kind of space, so I'll condense it a wee bit.If you want to watch a disaster, this film is perfect... and I'm referring to the debacle of the film, not the Titanic incident. 