This reminded me of many of the 1970s sleazy films with tons of unlikeable characters with low morals and being portrayed by the sick scriptwriters as "good people." This movie was a favorite of of many, especially teenage girls who saw a real poor role model in Jennifer Grey's "Frances 'Baby' Houseman." Grey was extremely irritating to watch to listen to, a big pain in the butt. I laugh at some of these reviews that cite her "depth" and "dimension." Give me a break: she's a slimeball. Only a likewise immature bimbo would enjoy this movie.As bad as Grey's character is in here, Patrick Swayze's "Johnny Castle" isn't a whole lot better. He's a guy trying to seduce a teenager via his dancing prowess. That's all we need to see in that age of child sex molesters on the web and who knows where else. At least she was 17 so I guess the filmmakers felt that was old enough.From the sex-obsessed leads, to abortions, to the father changing his mind and giving approval to this male scum, this script offers nothing redeemable. "Baby" has no clue about anything and is one of the dumbest characters ever seen on film. I am not surprised to read about so many reviewers who thought this was "cool" when they were young and stupid, but now that they are a lot more mature, look at this film again almost in shock at how bad it looks to them now. Good for them; at least they've grown up. Those who made this movie were like: "You know what would be AWESOME?! If we've made a movie with 80's style and music but check now set in 60's hahaha amazing right!" And others were like that's the best idea ever! So they made this. I just read a number of user reviews, and all I have to say is that "You're all sick!!!"  This lamebrained, terribly scripted, terribly constructed, terribly acted movie is your "Favorite Movie of All Time?"This is the movie that made me avoid "Ghost" for over a year (definitely a mistake), because after seeing this, I incorrectly assumed that anything with Patrick Swayze in it was just going to be BAD.The story's been told before (repeatedly, I might add).  Even if the story hadn't been told before, every aspect of the movie is completely predictable.  Most of the dialogue is more laughable than most spoofs of "Star Trek" (at least when those people are spoofing Shatner as Kirk, they're "trying" to be funny).  And the acting--ugh, even if the dialogue wasn't so bad, most of the principals are so wooden you could use them as surfboards.The dancing scenes--okay, they were pretty good.  But unless you're Kelly, Astaire, or Rogers, dance scenes do not a good movie make.I can see people being entertained by this movie.  I really can (just not me).  But to call it your favorite movie of all time? AAAARRRRGGGHHHH! Dirty Dancing is in my opinion a dreadful, cheesy movie. I disliked it the first time I saw it and my opinion of it has not changed since then! It is a badly directed and produced film and far to sickly sweet. It is an awful movie which for some strange reason was very popular despite its awfulness. Even the song 'The Time of Our Lives' is dreadful, Middle Of the Road bland 80's pop-bad music for a very bad film! If you have any taste whatsoever DO NOT watch this movie! I have never understood the popularity of this movie. Terrible acting, stupid storyline, unlikable characters (and no, it's not a generational thing, because I'm the same age as Jennifer Grey). It's just a ridiculous movie, plain and simple. That's all. This is one of those movies that I will never understand how anyone with half an amount of common sense would ever like. I was once convinced to watch this movie with a certain girlfriend who was thoroughly upset and unable to understand how I could say it was AWFUL. And yes. I am ashamed enough to admit that I really have seen it.Painfully. ALL of it. The "love" story itself is straight cheesy and pathetic, but however, one can come to expect this in the case when a movie like this is made to fit in a specific genre like "chick flicks". So I can cope with that. I myself am a sucker for good (emphasis on GOOD) romantic movies. But this. This specimen clearly trashes all conception of what a love story SHOULD be.1. Patrick Swayze as a macho stud/tough guy does not work.2. Patrick Swayze as a macho stud/tough guy who dances competitively does not work.3. The dialog in this movie is terrible. I need only point out the part in which Baby asks Johnny if he has "had many women". Ladies. If you feel the need to ask a question such as this you already know the answer regardless of what is said in response. 4. The part that REALLY gets me. The above scene in which Baby hops in bed with Johnny IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWS another scene in which Baby has witnessed another character that is her female friend having gone through (what is assumed to be) an abortion(or painful complications). You get my point. It defies and basically destroys any sort of good character that this film tries to present.Now I understand this movie is a product of the late 80's. So I will accept that as responsibility for SOME of it's major flaws. But realistically, the only good thing I can say about it is the job that was done compiling the soundtrack. Go buy it. It is honestly outstanding. But this remains the sole gem among a large heaping of disgusting trash that everyone just seems to keep digging into and claiming it's really good stuff.For the sake of sparing yourself a waste of 100 mins that could be used doing otherwise useful (and enjoyable) things, I advise you to avoid this movie at all costs. It is certainly not what others crack it up to be, regardless of what they tell you. And in case you do end up seeing it...just know you were warned. Dirty Dancing is plot lacking, the acting is horrid, and the dialog is absolutely pathetic.  I'm sorry to hurt any true fans of the movie, but after I was told how wonderful it was, I was completely let down.  I will say one nice thing about it, the dancing was nice.. i guess I'm not sure I'll ever understand why such a vapid, inane, and formulaic movie got so popular.  I understand it has something to do with immature females who think this is quality romance. The dry sex to music is just annoying and the lead character is named Johnny Castle.  For a real movie with real romance watch Casablanca. OMG this has to be the crappiest film of them all. I mean it has to be seen to be believed. Who in their right mind would want to spend their summer at a camp with a bunch of sexually repressed twits and old ladies who can't dance? Almost seemed like an asylum.So what do we have here? A macho boy who can dance....a dumb cute spoiled girl who can't....another girl who can dance but finds out she is pregnant and can't dance with macho boy in the dance-off....nerd son of the owner of the resort who has the hots for dumb spoiled girl....clueless sister of dumb spoiled girl....Macho dancing boy teaches dumb spoiled girl to dance as good as him (yeah right)....both macho boy and dumb girl fall in love and do the dance-off and live happily ever after. Instant classic.....yeah right I regret that I actually sat through this yawnfest twice. The second time was only because some kid in my acting class told me he had a cameo, so I rented it again just to watch for him ...At any rate, I found it to be a major disappointment. The script was cheesy, the plot was bland, and the "Grand finale" dance scene was "just okay." Certain elements of the storyline were unbelievable...The "ugly duckling" goes to the Catskills with her family, and falls for a handsome dance teacher...who falls in love with her. BUT her dad believes this guy A) got his dance partner pregnant (just because he was helping the girl...) and B) Stole some stuff (because an envious Matron set him up...)Even if he wasn't a thief, WHY would she even like this guy?? I mean he's a good dancer, but would YOU want a guy who slept around with wealthy older women? you could catch something. I kept thinking, if everyone would just come out and say the truth in this movie, there wouldn't be 500 misunderstandings going on at once.THe parts of the story that could have been played up were played down, and vice versa. None of the characters were endearing. At all. I felt empathy for no one. Baby was bland, her sister was a brat, Johnny was a revamping of Swayze's "Outsiders" character except for the dancing, and the late great Jerry Orbach was reduced to a cardboard cut-out character of a domineering father. Such injustice!Avoid this one like the plague. This movie should never have been made. Yuck. If you like this movie, you're probably twelve and female and have no sense of what art and film is or should be, and probably shouldn't be watching movies in the first place. Flat story based on even flatter subject-matter. I don't know what is worse, that this film ever got made or that Hollywood continues to find reasons to make films about *dancing*. Let's just pretend that the story was good, the dialog anything other than flat, the direction and photography somehow original...it wouldn't matter. *Dancing* has to be the least-compelling base subject matter for any story or film. But don't worry, if if the whole idea of dancing doesn't make you want to vomit, the flat acting, directing, and dialog will, I assure you. Unless you are literally a twelve-year old girl, or just have yet to mentally mature beyond that, I think you'll agree. And if you are, then you're opinion DOES NOT MATTER! What a sorry flick. Too awful and corny to finish watching. There is not too much to say about this one. The story is ridiculous. I don't know why this just didn't go straight to video. How this made it to the silver screen is beyond me. What a waste!. Well first off, I hate musicals, and dancing movies, so its a no- brainer that this movie is not for me. I can say nothing good about it, the acting is crap, plot is as cornball as one can get, and it doesn't appeal to me.I also cannot stand any Patrick Swayze movies to date, that weighs in heavily. The only reason I have seen this movie is because when I was young, there was only one T.V., so not much choice with an older sister and mother who love this movie. I wanted to bust the tape, I cannot ever sit through this movie. This definetly not for anyone who does not like musicals or dancing movies, trust me. Avoid at all costs.
1/10 for this crap. Apparently, some time in the late 80's a casting call went out looking for a teenage girl with a pickle nose and a guy in his 30's who could dance fairly well and play the role of the pedophile who seduces her. And as a result we have this film, which is one of the worst I've ever seen. It's not just a chick flick train wreck, it's a sick twisted testament to pedophilia and really bad acting.I fail to see how anyone could find any aspect of this film appealing. Well, anyone except someone with a bizarre secret fetish to watch a half clad pedophile rubbing against an under age female. And if that's their thing, they'd be better served rubbing a page from teen undergarment section of the Sears catalog against the cover of Playgirl. At least they wouldn't be subject to the cheesy 80's pop music, bad acting and cliché plot. That, and as far as I know Sears models don't have a pickle noses.This is why I highly suspect anyone who raves about this film and would suggest they get some counseling. Pedophilia isn't entertainment, or great film making, it's a mental disorder and criminal offense. I could go on about the other elements of this movie that made me want to hurl, the bad script, bad directing and editing and especially the "music". But I'll wind it up with this: Unless you have a severe mental illness and sick fetish that enjoys seeing an ugly pickle nosed teenager being seduced and violated by a 30 year old to the worst music ever written, avoid this at all cost. If You've Grown Up, Skip This Movie
Dirty Dancing is One of the worst Movies of the 80's! I Hate It
Quite Possibly the Worst Movie Ever Made.
B O R I N G I had the time of my life, goes the line. Well, not sure about her but he certainly had the time of his life, seducing a virginal seventeen year old, but never mind, he teaches her to dance. That was very generous of him - it's obvious who got the better part of that deal. However, this is a feel-good film so never mind; and never mind the darker subjects of possible under-age sex and abortion. It is all wonderful when everyone ends up having a great time dancing the night away and they all live happily ever-after.In the real world though, what would likely happen is that in a few weeks time, Baby will miss her period and be thrown out of the house, never to darken those doors again; and Johnny will be a fast disappearing dot on a distant horizon.So, for all those impressionable virgins out there, when your boyfriend is about to do it to you for the first time, it is not you who is having the time of your life, it is him. ...and I owe it all to this piece of crap. The characters are all unlikeable, except for the father...to a certain degree. The rest of the characters are dry-humping babykillers and Randroids. To be fair, the Randroid character is supposed to be unlikeable (the easiest way to make a character unlikeable is to make him a fan of Ayn Rand's insane ideas. How lazy), but at least he didn't pay for abortions.Growing up, I remember all of the girls talking about (and quoting) this movie. Personally, I don't think any girls should ever witness Patrick Swayze's character rubbing his manhood against women. If I remember correctly, this movie is rated "11" where I live...what the heck? More like "Filthy Dancing".Swayze's character is also a manwhore who sleeps with old women and almost beats a guy to death because he insulted his girlfriend. How romantic?The movie's ending is hilariously stupid. What a strange movie...it's supposed to take place during the 60s, but the song is clearly from the 80s. Maybe the movie is in the same universe as Back to the Future or something? Maybe there's a deleted scene where Biff Tannen inspires Patrick Swayze's character to rub his crotch against things.Not that the music is bad. It's the dirty dancing and babykilling I didn't like. You've really got be a moron if you enjoy garbage like this. It doesn't surprise me that this movie rates so high. It just goes to prove most movie viewers are half wit nitwits. This film does not contain any dirt, and nothing is dirty. 1 star. 