About a minute into this film I squealed out of fear when they put the Annabelle doll into frame. I have a genuine fear of dolls like this. They freak me out. Therefore I was excited about this movie - I sincerely thought that there would finally be another movie out there that would manage to scare me (I have 3 in total so far). Sadly this is not the case. The movie was boring and predictable. The worst thing was that they have this terrifying creature-object-thing to make good use of and they failed miserably at using it. I'm genuinely disappointed at the reuse of the same old washed up horror storyline. How'd this script even get approved??! booo! I wish I wrote it so they could actually see what fear of a doll is haha.I have watched many many scary movies, some good some bad, none truly scary. Anyone who reviewed this film as scary or awesome obviously has not seen the film. This is a complete snore-fest, from start to finish. I saw perhaps 3 "jump out of seat" scenes where it was totally predictable on it and was yawning each time. The conjuring was a terrific film, and this one is just trying to score big bucks off that name with 1/4 the budget. I was left feeling angry and cheated. There was no depth, no character relation, no story-line, nothing to get you even remotely into the film, except "saw the previews, this is gonna be so good !" feeling you saw when you watched the previews and couldn't wait for this to come out. A complete letdown in all aspects except the fact it actually ended and I could go do something else.There was such huge potential for this movie to be scary. Extremely creepy looking doll, backstory from The Conjuring , an old house and a baby. But instead of a genuinely haunting movie, we were subjected to an insulting plot with ZERO scares. I am not exaggerating. There were zero scary parts in this. Lots of zooming in on the creepy doll's face. You expect something to happen at this point. The head to move, the mouth to open, the eyes to blink. But no, there was nothing. Just a slow zooming in shot of a stationary inanimate doll.Look at the movie's budget vs. profit and you'll see why the producers wanted to make this movie. It was simply a cash making exercise with no thought given to the plot.This should not be classed as a horror movie. I've seen Scooby Doo cartoons which were scarier than this.I had high hopes for this movie having liked The Conjuring but I was sadly disappointed. There were only 4 shock scares throughout the whole movie.It seemed to me the doll was not even possessed, just a demon who enjoyed playing with it. I actually noticed more bloopers then scares. I found the characters where just thrown together with no development and outside characters made no sense as to why they were even in the movie since they added nothing. I believe that this movie would have been best served going strait to DVD instead of being offered in movie theaters. For the lack of any attempt to develop the characters or even attempt to make the doll demon possessed(IE moving around on its own, glowing eyes) The one time they actually showed the doll moving by it's self was portrayed as a demon holding it. Overall it was a major disappointment. Definitely not a must see move of 2014.OK, first of all I decided to make an IMDb account just to write a review about how crap this movie was. I cannot believe how poor this movie was it made me so angry and irritated me, the acting was horrible.the characters were just not very convincing I was not scared through this movie, I kept watching it hoping that it's going to get better but it didn't. The conjuring was so much better the acting the plot was so much better. Do not even waste your time watching this movie Annabelle because you will only be disappointed overall I'm giving this movie a 0 out of 10.I just wasted like a hour and half of my life watching this movie. Through the whole movie Annabel doesn't even seem to move at least in the chuckie movies you saw chuckie walking, talking etc. and then what tripped me out is why the hell would the lady mia go down to put something in storage and leave her baby in the apartment upstairs alone knowing that theirs an evil presence all around the house that is after her and the baby. ALSO! the scene were she drops her keys and the stroller goes rolling in the street and once the stroller gets hit she all of a sudden has her baby in her hand.... so many scenes were this movie just did not have any common sense. They could of had a better director do this movie because this movie was a waste of time I'm glad I watched it online through a website that was free rather then going to go spend my money this weekend to watch the film in theaters. this movie was awful and that's just my honest opinion.I have disliked a majority of movies I watch, but not badly enough that I'm urged to write a review on it. This movie, however, irked me so badly that I feel the need. Let's start off by saying that the title of this movie is 'Annabelle', correct? Yep. So where is this doll the entire movie? Nowhere. That's right, this is where the plot falls apart and everything goes downhill from there. The doll is hardly in the movie at all. She moves a total of maybe two times (excluding the 'climax' of this movie in which she is overused). I had a very hard time finishing this over-hyped example of trying too hard to be original. The beginning is too slow and it doesn't get to the point until the movie is just about over as well. By the end of the movie, I just wanted it to end and was happy that they at least hadn't killed off the bookstore owner... and then there is yet another attempt at being original and failing miserably. This lady (who, by the way, had nothing to do with any of this) plummets to her death out the apartment window and gives her soul to a demon. It was this part that enraged me the most for the mere idea of killing a good character off when there was no reason to and another ending could have been made (because the director clearly wasn't actually making Annabelle off of the true story) is barbaric and uncalled for. I am disturbed with the outcome of this movie and, quite frankly, I didn't even want to award it one star, but there was no option lower, so I will state it here.0/10 starsThis movie was just, ugh, AWFUL!!!!!!!!! I expected this movie to have the same formula as The Conjuring had. Scare people with suspense not with some cheesy CGI cast off from Insidious. If you took the demon from Insidious, cut off its tail, then you would have the demon in Annabelle. The story is supposed to be about ANNABELLE!!!!!!! not some stupid stereotype American family. The story SHOULD of been about the little girl Annabelle that was in the first 5 MINUTES OF THE MOVIE!!!!! If you watch the first 5 minutes then leave, you have the story of ANNABELLE!!!! If you want to watch the rest of it, be prepared, you barely seen Annabelle do anything. All she does is sit there and do nothing.Everyone scene is predictable, and when you think you will see something, you do, so it takes away all suspense of the film. The Conjuring knew that to scare people you have to make them think they will see something and then DON'T SHOW THEM SOMETHING!!!!!! That is the key, if we anticipate seeing something we will scare ourselves more. Blair Witch Project, Halloween, Jason, Nightmare on Elm Street, The Conjuring all knew this. Scaring people isn't hard to do with a horror movie, but when you feed it to us like were 2 years old, it isn't scary, it is repetitive and boring.A sad example of a sequel. Directors and Producers, you disappoint me. Only cool thing I found in the movie was the fact Mia's real name is Annabelle, which I think was a fun twist to the story haha! Other then that, it was a waste of $10 dollars.Seriously, the Young couple look like Barbie and Ken dolls. He's handsome and boring and she's pretty and boring. And so is this so called horror movie.Apart from the movie itself, being boring and predictable, the couple act moronically throughout the movie.1: why would anybody want a creepy doll like Annabell in the first place? 2: after they move to an apartment after the first hauntings, the doll is in a moving-box even though Ken threw it away. And Barbie is not freaked out by this at all and decides to keep the doll?? 3: after Barbie and Ken and the cliché-priest finds out that the doll is possessed by a demon, they don't destroy the doll, which would probably destroy the demon as well. No Barbie throws it around and yells at it. And the priest takes the doll with him to his church where he is almost killed by the demon.4: as for the exercising couple that is not even in the movie, they're boring as well. And a franchise about that couple seems like a really bad idea.5: the exercising couple keep the doll in a glass box to keep the demon trapped. Again, destroy the doll and destroy the demon.6: why did this movie get an R-rating? There is no blood in it, no nudity, no swearing.Apart from a few creepy scenes and only one good scare, this movie isn't worth watching. If you like horror movies with dolls and those movies certainly can be creepy, I recommend Dead Silence. Directed by James Wan that produced this garbage.One of the least interesting horror movies I've watched! I'm not even comparing this to "The Conjuring"!Weak story line, pathetic acting combined with inexperience of the filmmaker make this a complete time-waste !Where do you even find such actors ! It's a shame to call the actors ! The female lead is horrible when it comes to performance! She is just a good looking model ! Nothing more ! I'm surprised, how did she even land up with this role! Maybe through a godfather in industry !Such an important and impressive theme, and she makes a mockery of all of it! They have better actors and and a better story in porn movies !