The other day some friends told me they didn't watch horror movie because every one of them was cheesy and predictable. At the time I wasn't exactly sure what they were watching to make them think that, but now I know: A Nightmare on Elm Street. I don't care if it's a classic, it's still one of the single worst movies I've ever seen in my life. I don't understand how this is by the same man who wrote The Last House on the Left, which was superior in every way imaginable.To call this movie cheesy is an understatement. From opening to closing the acting is some of the unintentionally funny I've seen in a horror movie ever—some of the melodramatic lines I'm sure Wes Craven had to have laughed at when he wrote them, I'm sure.The entire movie plays out like something made-for-TV on Cartoon Network, and they actually show this movie on that station around Halloween. There is nothing even remotely dark or serious about this movie because it's written with the simplicity and corniness of a children's film. The actors themselves don't even look old enough to be teenagers. Minus the cliché, comical bedroom scene near the end, the movie has no more blood than a kid's movie. I really cannot think of ANYTHING in this movie that would be aimed at adults or older teens—A Nightmare on Elm Street is a children's movie through and through.The story itself is throw-away and lacks any creativity whatsoever. A guy kills in your dreams. Other than that, every single factor of A Nightmare on Elm Street uses clichés that were around long before it. A secondary character dies off, the main character goes on a quest to kill the killer, the main character goes to school and almost is killed, the main character does research and finds an urban legend (or the equivalent) on how to kill the supernatural killer, her plan succeeds, and the last few minutes show a reversal of expectations. Anyone remember how many times they've seen that exact plot before? If I were to list the movies on the top of my head with that same plot it would take at least two pages. Those of you who claim this is a superior slasher because it's "original" do not know what original means.Freddy is the single thing that even kept me watching this movie. His character is a tired cliché—exactly like Pennywise and Billy and the Joker and every other villain—but his actual design is at least a little different. He's essentially Mr. Rodgers with a burnt face and knives for fingers, but that is more original than you're going to get in most slashers. It's sad to see him in such a lame movie.The only reason I didn't turn A Nightmare on Elm Street off and go to bed is because every "hardcore horror fan must watch it" and I did. But I saw nothing different than every other cheese-horror movie ever made. I hope the remake is better. And has less clothing with primary colors.1/10(Please note that this review may contain spoilers)Believe it or not, this movie is just pure crap. But, this movie could have been something, if it had a good script, and good acting. In fact the script is one of the main problems in this film, its just got some really, really bad lines in it like:****SPOILERS*****"Dont worry Nancy, Freddy can't get you because Mommy killed him" Like I mean what kind of a line is that???? I reckon this movie was actually a good idea, that just been done appallingly, it should have been much, much better, because the idea behind it was so good.Verdict: A great Idea, just pulled of appallingly, however, some bits in the beginning are worth a look.3/10Yes back in early 80's when I was young this was scary. But fast forward to 2019 and being over 40, this is garbage!When I see bad movies, I generally don't bother to write a review or formal comment. However, the ridicule that I have witnessed when watching this pathetic piece of crap induced an unforgiving inclination to tell the rest of the world how it is. Generally speaking, this is one of the worst "horror" films I have seen to date, not that I don't normally watch horror, or that things tend to scare me easily, but that the many features that distinguish films from the good and bad stand out so distinctly to be either unfulfilled or disgraced that it passes a new negative threshold when it comes to how low my opinions can reach.The main aspect of this film that makes it so unforgivingly poor is the story itself. I'm going to own up and confess that I only watched half the film; but that was enough for me to render it completely awful. I didn't have a speckle if interest in what the ending was, let alone what would happen in the second half of the film. This is furthermore worsened by excruciatingly bad acting. Action so disgraceful I remember putting up a better performance in my Primary School JungleBook Play.Then arrives the main purpose and genre of the film. Horror? Horror my ass. I would flag this film as comical more than scary. The only I can remember that induced the genuine feeling of suspense and horror was the bath tub scene, with the finger nails slowly floating upwards. Apart from that, there are merely scenes of screams and the terribly UN-horrific laughter of this strongly wrinkled cowboy mad guy with knives attached to his fingers.This film is pathetic at best. I would suggest strongly against wasting what could be such valuable time. Decide wisely and watch real "horror" like The Exorcist, The Omen and The Mist instead.I may be new to the horror movie genre but it's my understanding that horror movies are supposed to be...you know...scary right? They're meant to leave you cowering behind a pillow, behind your sofa, gripping your friends or whoever you're watching it with like a boa constrictor, afraid to turn lights off and reluctant to go to a farm or a castle or in this movie's case reluctant to fall asleep. "Nightmare on Elm Street" is meant to do all that and is applauded as a horror classic...problem was I wasn't scared once! I knew of it from a young age and vowed never to watch it because of the plot and my over active imagination but I sat and watched it with a former girlfriend still worried about the aftermath of watching it (made worse by her saying "you'll p*** yourself with terror"). However not once was I terrified, shocked or left cowering behind her or anything near me, in fact by the time the credits rolled I was sat with a confused scowl on my face wondering how it was considered a classic I'll probably never fully understand why either To me, this movie is one of those that is over-hyped to the point that when you eventually watch it, you're left puzzled and somewhat underwhelmed by it, others may well enjoy it and have memories of it but I did not enjoy it at allThis movie was one of my least favorites thus far. Not only was acting poor, and special effects laughable, but overall, film was pretty atrocious. The universal concept that our dreams can haunt (and in Nancy's case, harm) us itself is fantastic. However, the delivery is less than acceptable.The first fifteen minutes were the scariest, simply due to chaos, confusion, and the setting. After that, it becomes more comedic than anything else. I will admit that while the movie itself was less than frightening, its after-taste is simply creepy. I mean, the fact is that this girl was being hunted out of revenge, and her every move is stalked by this shadow of a man.I have plenty of qualms with the movie, but the following is definitely number one. I've yet to see the remake, the prequel, or the sequel, so I'm just wondering who Freddy is. I don't think that it's enough to say; "Oh, Fred Krueger was a child murderer so we 'offed' him." No. There are plenty of scumbags in every neighborhood who deserve death time and time again, but we, ordinary citizens almost never intervene. Did Freddy commit an atrocity that hit close to home? It also wasn't very clear when Freddy was actually murdered. Yes, Nancy's mother was involved in the killing along with some other renegades, but how much time has passed? Were they themselves children, or was this some sort of PTA rally? Either way, it's these crucial details that make the story actually come to life. Without them, I honestly have a difficult time focusing, so this movie distracted me in that sense.Now, onto the special effects; honestly, they weren't nearly as terrible as I had planned. While none of them were realistic by any means, they were this surreal kind of creepy that I thought was done very well. I'm actually curious about the geyser of blood. How did they create such an optical illusion? I mean, maybe they had a blender-esque machine forcibly shooting the gunk into the air, but I just don't know. I thought that special effect was really well done. Then again, I've been known to watch television shows from the sixties, so my perspective is a little different than the average teenage kid.All in all, I will not waste money or time on the sequels.I have been more frightened watching Saturday Night Live. There was nothing scary about it. It was too juvenile to be a fright movie. Teens might like it, if they are very immature.I watched this film due to the hype, only to discover it was so boring.
So little action, so much talking, endless pointless scenes and dreams.
As for Freddie he's great, but why on earth is he only in the film for like 10 minutes? So longwinded, a snore fest. Some good moments, but so dull for the most parts.Besides Johnny Depp, and even he wasn't so great with his lack of time, this was the worst horror movie imaginable. Freddy Krueger was a friggen clown and a putz. The main character was the worst actress since the back-up extra from my 7th grade school play. The whole movie was a joke, especially the visible mattress when Freddy fell over the stair rail...I mean, they didn't even try to hide it. The entire plot was absurd, I never felt the slightest tint of fear, and I mostly wanted to barf at the close-ups on the girl's face. The only part of this movie I enjoyed was the bath tub scene, and only because I'm an 18 year old kid without a girlfriend. I p*** on this movie, Wes Craven, and especially the casting director for tying Johnny Depp's great name to such a horrible film!I have seen the golden hour's light bathe shoppers in a grocery store, what wealth and given so freely, seemingly without consciousness. This movie is a piece of sh*t, just like all the other ones. If you can love these movies then by all means do so, just don't do it around me if you please. No, for me, I like my horror movies to be great, y'know, like worth seeing. The fans of this movie and its ilk are lucky lucky people. This movie and its franchised-horror-movie kin are able to give to them something that I can never have. Whatever it is this movie gives me, it cannot match the time I lose seeing it. It is an unequal exchange and I want back whatever it is that I have lost.