It has to be understood as an offense to any savvy viewer who caught the Japanese version of the movie, 'Ringu'.I am aware of the fact that US crowds do not go for movies that do not cast large-breasted blonde psychotic women, but this is a little far-fetched for this story. The movie is meant to be solely based on psychology thrills and brain scare. The American version of the movie does not help in this at all, as all goes into the image and the special effects. Event he plot has to be altered and worsened: the little boy becomes a depressed child with a 6th sense who calls his mom by her first name.Anyhow, you may go for the American remake if you are the kind to be scared by movies with subtitles. However, if you were delivered with a brain and some artistic sense, you'll go for 'Ringu'.lately i've seen nothing but references to The Ring everywhere i go. people talk about it when they speak about their feelings and dreams, as if this movie were something thought-provoking and not just a crap of cheese. honestly, i've never seen something so cheesy in my life. the original wasn't the most fantastic thing in the box, but at least it wasn't too pathetic, over-acted and trying to be more high brow than the story is.Ok, this movie is like too bad to even rate.  Father of the adopted girl was reading his lines as he gave his big speach, YOU CAN even see his eyes darting back and forth over the cue cards instead of looking at the other person.The clips seemed to be outtakes or sophmoric effort of film school 15 min shorts.  We had the blood / drain scene, the pulling of a finger nail from a well, the lit tree on a hil and water pooling on the floor.Needless to say the parts they stole from other movies says it all.  BAD BAD BADwasnt even scary and typical ending.  Just a sad movie over all and I wasted 4 bucks.  Where is my RMA on this tripeI had such high expectations for this movie. I guess the moviemakers did not share my expectations. Don't get me wrong, the music, photography, directing and some of the acting (the heroine's) are good. I just don't get why they didn't do more with the story. Now of course it is a remake, but the original must have been better than this! Let me be more to the point. The story is absolutely awful. It makes you think that all these clues are going to add up to something. It could have been really clever. But about 15 minutes into the movie the clues have become so absurd that there is no chance for the villain to be anything else than a ghost. How original. Now here's the really dissatisfying part. All those clues you were paying close attention to? They don't mean diddly squat! They really don't lead to anything. You could have taken all the clues, changed them completely into some other clues, tacked on the ending, and it would have been just as good a fit. The simple truth is that it's just some mean monster terrorizing and killing people. And all those clues that could have at least revealed a tragic motivation for this disgruntled ghost's vengeance end up being utterly vain: the monster is just evil. That's all there is to it. It came up from who knows where, always has wanted to hurt people, and always will. That's why none of what I said is really a spoiler. If the clues meant something, then telling you about them would reveal the ending. But this ending might as well have been put at the beginning, because all going through the middle is just a waste of time. The movie is a scare machine. It is mechanical, cold, and shallow, filled with mere fluff. A string of one cheap thrill after another. If you like this kind of movie, it would be cheaper and just as satisfying to go have yourself electrocuted (gently, of course -- as the movie shows, you can die from electric shock).Well, this film left me depressed, not because it was creepy, but because it was so stupid and at the same time so cynical.  I may say that there is not a single thing in this picture which makes any sense or has any genuine humanity in it.  The monster is an evil little girl, but there is never the slightest indication to suggest why the girl is so evil or so powerful - indeed, precisely the sort of silence which is a certain giveaway that the picture has been made by people with adolescent mentalities, for adolescents.   You posit some sort of monstrosity, and that's all there is to it, nothing more need be said.  "Okay, like, there's this evil little girl with incredible powers...?"  To give but two instances of the astonishing illogic which characterizes the film.  For one, the mysterious video which is killing people is said to have been imprinted from the evil girl's memories.  But the video is full of images of things that the girl could not possibly have seen.  For another, the characters are horrified to realize that it is a terrible calamity that her skeleton has been taken from the well, because somehow this means that now she is free to wreak her evil upon the world and kill people.  But she has been wreaking her evil upon the world and killing people even with her skeleton at the bottom of the well! Oh, I'm sorry, apparently she can now actually drag her ugly carcass out of the television set and kill people instead of killing them from inside the television set.  But perhaps her identically melted-face victims would not consider this such an important distinction.  Then there is the clerk who manages the cabins and upon whose shelf the evil video is found - the curious fellow who plays him is given a nice little character-actor turn, interacting with the blonde lady who is the star, trying to perform card tricks, and so forth - and then we never see him again!  What the heck was <i>that</i> about?  What was his part in the sinister events, what was the video doing on his shelf?  We never learn!  We never see him again!  You see, it is as if the screenplay for this film was written, scene by scene, without any reference to anything that had been written before, certainly not with any intention to exercise the slightest logic or continuity, but merely to work certain changes upon the psyche of the filmgoer, who is presumed to be a teen-ager, I suppose, and who is certainly held in utter contempt.  And here is the real horror, that the film wants nothing from you but your money, and has no meaning other than to trick you into pushing some bills through the slot at the box office.This is the only movie (other than Dreamcatcher) in which I wished all of the bad stuff that was happening to the characters was happening to me instead. It is amazing how poorly this movie is executed. It's rare that a movie can make Air Bud and Baby Geniuses seem like Oscars material, but The Ring does the job.Absolutely unbelievable more and nothing really creepy about it at all just a bunch of psychobabble about some those running around terrorizing found it more of a sleeper film than anything horror involved. Its almost like the writers were stretching for a plot and couldn't quite grasp how to draw the viewer into it including me. After about 30 min of this film I really found the only horrific part about it was it wasn't over yet. Even the draw up to find out the reasoning for the terror occurring was more of a huge disappointment a complete waste of time. This film was more of a one time watch and never again I have better things to do then waste my time with garbage like this again.I went to this film prepared to be spooked, but was very disappointed!  It was campy and a cheap rip-off of all the other horror movies I've ever seen. Its weak attempt at fear falls flat.  It had obviously lifted elements of The Others, The Sixth Sense, Blair Witch Project, and believe it or not The Invasion of the Body Snatchers; but still did not come anywhere near matching their expertise.  This film is without a doubt one of the worst films I've ever seen.This film is just an embarrassment. Naomi Watts I couldn't care less about, but Brian Cox? Brian, really, WHAT were you doing in this? Were you that hard up for cash?I need to clear up some nomenclature. The original - i.e., the real film - is NOT called 'Ringu', somebody made that up. As far as any direct translation into English goes, it is simply called 'Ring', not 'The Ring', just 'Ring'.The original is a terrifying masterpiece.This film is just a mess.And then, and THEN, not content with trying to remake one film that could not possibly be remade, they tried again with DARK WATER. ARE YOU KIDDING ME???? There is no way, NO WAY AT ALL, that Dark Water could ever have been remade.And the same goes for Ring.See the real film, the Japanese one. If you can't cope with films with subtitles, consider getting an education, or moving to a country with an actually functioning social system that will GIVE you an education.The original (Ringu) was not bad, i gave it a 8/10 for an interesting plot, but this remake is really one of the worst i have ever seen. Imho even the special effects were better in the japanese version. And don't say i am just one of those moviefreaks who like boring and slow classics, the remake of Stanislav Lem's Solaris for example was quite enjoyable, giving a new perspective to the movie and i really recoommend watching both of the movies. When it comes to the ring/ringu my only advice is don't watch the ring before you have seen ringu, the original maybe slower and harder to understand but it has a LOT more to it. Watch the content of the killer-tape in Ringu and compare it to the content in The Ring ;) that should say it all.