David Fincher's adaptation of the Stieg Larsson novel is an embarrassment. Fincher manages to reveal all the wrong details at all the wrong moments, effectively destroying any mystery or suspense to the story of the missing girl. Which, despite being the center of the book, is merely glossed over and instead we get unnecessarily graphic rape/sex scenes and a jumbled storyline. Nearly the entire cast give sub-par performances, particularly the main character. Mara Rooney couldn't be less believable as Salander. It was garbage. I can't believe this unoriginal piece of trash managed to get nominated for multiple Oscars. What a shame. The main story of the movie, at least based on screen-time and storyline, is discovering the killer in a supposed murder committed 40 years ago, however there's a lot of time dedicated to Lizabeth's life that leads to nothing, especially the ugly rape scenes, that after seeing the ending of the movie, I found completely irrelevant to the story, if the idea was to show her past and all the mess that was her life, a couple of minutes of a review of her files would have been enough.Some of the reviews that I have read claim that on the book, Lizabeth's life and his will to make a stand against violence against women was the main story of the movie, if that's the case then the director made a mess of the story and the movie is worst than I have rated it, because there's no way to get to that conclusion after watching it.Also I still don't get the first ten minutes of paint and Trent Reznor's music, totally out of place. I have a strange relationship with the story of 'The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo'.On a long international flight back home, it was the only book I could find in English in the bookshop that didn't have a blerb that made me vomit. Over-hyped though it was, I thought it would fit the bill, and it did. It helped keep me sane over the cramped hours.Then I saw this version of the film, and it didn't make any real impression.Eventually, I discovered it was a remake and went and sought out the Swedish original.So - read the book and saw both film versions. You might conclude that I must really like the story, and hold the author in great esteem?I regret this is not the case, oh dear me no.Without wishing to insult Mr. Larsson's ghost, I'm afraid I think his book is boring and over-rated - it certainly didn't motivate me to read the other two. And I've read much better mysteries that could have been made into films.I think the Swedish version is a rather good film that removes some of the book's tedium, but it's still nothing that I'd label as an "enduring classic" or some such hyperbole.I think this version, now I have the context of the real film, the original, is a steaming abortion and frankly rather embarrassing:The opening credits are idiotic, grating, and inappropriate: telegraphing that wheels had fallen off.Rooney Mara's performance is shockingly, appallingly bad. Perhaps it was the script and a completely talentless director? I don't know.Daniel Craig mailed-in his performance.Everyone but Craig has absurd Swedish accents but speak in English.The music is god-awful, sorry Trent but it is, it's totally wrong for the film.It's almost a shot-for-shot remake of the original, but in a purely colour-by-numbers, box-ticking way.Everything is More, Bigger, Longer, like a Spielberg effort. The sets are bigger, the vehicles are bigger, the houses are bigger, the rooms are bigger, and everything is stretched out as much as it can be, but without any added finesse.A cardboard and lacklustre, going-through-the-motions, rubbish film.And even more boring than the book.------ I will start out writing that I never read the books or watched the original movie. I'm writing this based just on the film that was presented and nothing else. That being stated, this film was a tedious, convoluted mess of nonsense, graphic rape-torture, and mostly stereotyped uninspired casting.I am not going to give a detailed synopsis, you can get that elsewhere. All I will say is the plot has something to do with an industrialist who hires Daniel Craig to find out who killed his niece. The graphic rape-torture scenes make you feel like you are watching a snuff film. The casting of the rapist was almost laughable. A fat, creepy looking Yorick van Wageningen plays the rapist. The reality is rapists look like everyone else. I'm surprised he did not have an eye patch and a scar on his face. Another point, what predator (Wageningen) would pick a would be victim who he knows has a history of unpredictability, violence, and works for a security company! Totally unrealistic.I really do not understand the people who love this film. I think their positive reviews say more about them then it does the movie.... First of all let me call Lizbeth the Wild Wonder Woman. She is certainly wild with the hair, clothes and stainless steel and she is a bit of a wonder with her ability to take over any computer on the planet. Also all the computers that she takes over belong to people who keep their whole lives on their laptops including their banking records, their life's history,the codes to their accounts in the Cayman Islands etc.It's all there waiting for WWW. Also she has a wonderful relationship with various police forces, all she has to do is walk in and ask for what she wants and she gets it. Certainly a WWW.Christopher Plummer's offspring disappeared 40 years ago and he has decided that she is dead and not only that but murdered by a member of the family and he has devoted the 40 years to unmasking the killer without result. So he calls in Daniel to solve the mystery.The problem with this is that there is no reasonable cause or rationale for making this assumption. So you have to see it as a plot facilitator and a poor one.Daniel's investigation proceeds with Lizbeth's help and seems to consist mainly of looking at old photos. No divulging of the ending but there is the identification of a couple of serial killers which makes as much sense as Curly did in the Three Stooges. All together way too long and a waste of your time. The sound, and music are without doubt the worst my wife and I have had to endure in any motion picture foreign or domestic. The so called suspense sounds are ridiculously ineffective. The noise, so called music, distract from the dialog, making it impossible to hear in some instances. Evidently actors no longer find it necessary to speak distinctly. Surely they weren't taught that in their training. It has become the norm to mumble, and slur words,particularly when speaking softly. Scenes with "whispering" are totally incoherent. A few years ago we attended the holiday concert of a 200 +/- man chorus in Boston. One of the pieces was totally pianissimo. You could understand every word. No excuse for lack of diction, nor in the noise blotting out speech. The foreign / Swedish version was infinitely better. Blabber about the Swedish versus US version, standing in line, all that hype. I manage to squeeze myself and my girlfriend in one of the smaller theaters in the city, as the large ones have been under assault since the beginning of the phenomenon. Movie starts, they start speaking English with a reverential accent toward the European and Nordic chef d'oeuvre. The enumeration of Swedish cities starts, just to state that this is not an attempt to dampen the color and depth of the original masterpiece. We meet the male lead David, who just got his arse handed over from Goliath. Needs to get away from the hassle. Lick the wounds. No cliché there. I notice a wall light is not working along the narrow hall way in the theater. Pretentious introductions of the very special family follow. Just like in a wrestling event we are being introduced with all the participants and prepared just for how twisted and awful they are. Then more stalling. More landscape. This is where I first look around and notice the led lights around the steps. I start finding them fascinating. I'm thinking about going out to smoke a cigarette. I remember, I don't smoke. DAMN!No doubt the light must affect the psyché of people in a Nordic country, I'm thinking. Let's see the monsters now. There's the rapist, but most importantly the only character in this story who ever outsmarts punky girl in a supposedly smart thriller, because from now on it's mission impossible for her. She turns into bike-hacker extraordinaire. Back to the storyline. More landscape and sterile interior design. The end.Just kidding, I purposely left the most important aspect for last. The cat and mouse game with the killa. There's a cat in the movie, does that count? No mouse. No game. The killa...what's special about him? The actor is actually Swedish. Hmm, just another layer to the story, better said trivia section. I remember I forgot to buy a bottle of wine for this evening. DAMN!Next: Punky beats Goliath Jane Bond style, THE END. Or is it? I remember, it's a trilogy, DAMN!You think my comment was long? Try watching the movie. You'll wish you were in attendance at an insurance seminar. At least there you would have a window to look out of. Fincher's The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo suffers from the same inanimate feel about it as did Panic Room from 2002. And although both attempts were admirable, it does seem that Fincher needs more intricacies in the subplot and less obviousness in the screenplay than both Panic Room and the film in review had to offer. As it is, the film just barely manages to make you care about a tale involving a wrongfully convicted journalist and a female hacker who looks too preposterously edgy/angry/victimized to be anywhere near believable. The multiple stories they tried to cram into one film, which probably is the fault of the source material, seems highly incompatible. Either make a film about the brutalized and haunted life of a young woman, or make a whodunit. By the time the two main stories came together, I had lost all hope for the film to become less derivative and kooky. Even the soundtrack by Reznor felt completely fake as it was a mere echo of his previous work on his Oscar winning score for the Social Network. Really nothing in this film concealed the true intentions of the producers with the box office revenues in mind.In this, the film is every inch as bad as The Mysterious case of Benjamin Button in which Fincher also managed to thoroughly overproduce a flimsy idea with no real interesting story behind it. It's time Fincher made a new deal with Andrew Kevin Walker and create another Se7en. Being a producer's wife is a sore waste of his amazing talents as a director.51/100 Watching Fincher's remake was so much like deja vu that I wondered if the director had simply employed CGI artists to superimpose American and English faces over Swedish ones. I also wondered how Hollywood gets away with this level of grotesque artistic plagiarism. Niels Arden Oplov must surely be outraged because this is more his film than Fincher's. This is a remake with absolutely no creative effort put in-except for those appallingly unnecessary and unconvincing faux-Swedish accents. Why even bother? All I can think is Fincher was under contract to make his film identical to Oplov's, but using English language. The girl with the dragon tattoo is perhaps Finchers weakest effort with a cut and paste rendition of the Swedish original that couldn't hold my interest either. Although beautifully shot in the lavish Finsheresque style, the story of a talented young investigator who teams up with a journalist to unravel a 40 year old mystery belongs in an episode of Inspector Morse rather than in a 3 hour long attempt to warp time.From the completely out of place opening sequence up, I was thoroughly annoyed that the film couldn't grab and hold my attention for even more than 3 consecutive scenes. It in stead annoyed the hell out of me with the incompatible soundtrack compiled from the left-overs of Trent Reznor's previous soundtrack for The Social Network. Perhaps even more annoying are the two completely unconnected stories that take forever to intertwine and didn't spark an iota of interest in the outcome of the story or the fate of the protagonists.There is Zero character development, a totally forgettable scenario combined with a a far too linear, thin and familiar plot culminating in an inescapable conclusion which all the same didn't make any sense unless the killer wanted to be caught.Watching this, I had trouble resisting the urge to do the laundry.3/10 well well i thought that after destroying Let the right one in (Låt den Rätte Komma in) by making such a s**t remake Hollywood won't do it similar things anymore but they had to like always they need to destroy things Girl with dragon tattoo (Män Som Hatar Kvinnor) is great movie, great acting and directing everything, so David Fincher thought he can earn so made re-make of the same movie with same story just with Hollywood stars who honestly sucked in this, special girl who acted Lisbeth she ain't up knees to Noomi Rapace who did same role in original, anyway this is one more tragedy that come from united states of Hollywood from directors who don't have anymore ideas so they are stealing from others and when u doing a re-make you need to do it better if u can't get the f*** of it,,,,,,,, if u really wanna do favor to people don't do other two from trilogy the original version of the girl with the dragon tattoo (2009) was the best movie. Noomi Rapace was and still is the better actress. plus why is it, that the American version of Lisbeth Salanderthe is so dirty and filthy. in the original film she was clean and nice. yes she had tattoos and a Mohawk hair stile and body piercing but she was very clean and intelligent and nice. But, the American version totally made her look like a slut, prostitute. Americans stereotyping people. Even Daniel Craig should have declined this role he is not better than Michael Nyqvist actually, Michael Nyqvist is better than he is. People go get the original 2009 version of the movie on DVD. that is the only one must see version. Huge spoiler alerts by the way so tread cautiously. I also had to re-write this because I'm only allowed a max of 1000 words. If you didn't read the books, you won't understand what's going on and why and if you did read the books this movie will only annoy the living hell out of you. The Lisbeth Salander character was stripped down so badly that I didn't recognize what Fincher or anyone was going for. Her physical demeanor was just plain wrong to the point of skittish. The most offensive part is they didn't build her up to be a girl/woman who's been through way more than most, and is obviously a fighter, and then attacked by her second guardian, they just said, here's a weird looking chick and while we're at it here's a rape scene that we could of just left with the idea when the door closed because everyone knew that was going to happen, no we'll just show the whole thing. The first 10 minutes of the movie was just a huge "What the hell is this?!". TheThe Mikael Blomkvist character was bland, charmless and just seemed like a guy being led around by his nose the entire time. Not one ounce of drive came out of him that should have been there. He was a pointless lump. Also, somehow they attempted to cram the first two books into one movie. Huge mistake they left so much plot out doing it, the movie just looked like a series of 5 to 10 minute unattached movie scenes. Martin Vanger didn't have an accident, he killed himself. Mikael never went into Martins house he was brought into it buy gun point. Lisbeth never told anyone she was insane, never told Mikael herself that she had a guardian or burned her father. Harriet was never under everyone's nose during the entire book. Mikael actually had a weird relationship with one of the Vanger women, instead that plot point just went to hell.This movie is so far off the reservation from the books and characters that I just sat there realizing that if I hadn't read the books I would have no clue what was going on. Because I read the books I was so unabashedly horrified by what was done to the books I couldn't believe it. If Fincher and the writers were going for an art film to put out for new adults with no attention spans, mission accomplished. If they actually meant for anyone that read the books to care about the characters, they must have been off somewhere patting themselves on the back having a sandwich. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone even if the movie was a "loose take" of the books, if it was just a good movie in and of itself, but it wasn't. As a movie alone and as a movie based on the books, it's terrible. No character development, the plot was lost in clips. I'm just going to tell people to read the books and don't bother wasting your time on the movie until it's free on cable because at least you can turn it off and not feel cheated. Enjoyed the book? You will NOT enjoy the movie. There were so many unnecessary changes and edits. First of all, the storyline was changed and watered down. You never really get a feel for how important the research is that Blomvkist is doing, or rather how important it becomes to him and to Salander. You don't get a feel for what life was like for Blomvkist in Hedestat, especially in regards to the relationships he built while he was there (namely Cecelia). The ending is very different from the book and SO boring in comparison. Also, the sequence of events was changed, all of them pointless changes. Also, there was no depth to the whole Wennerstrom affair, so the beginning just seemed random.The characters in the movie are not like the characters in the book. They changed the personalities of Dirch, Harald, and even Salander. Dirch was rude and unfriendly; Harald come off somewhat pleasant instead of mean, rude, and insane; and they did not make Salander rude or antisocial enough, which was one of my biggest disappointments. In the movie she actually delivers an apology for something, which I found extremely disappointing as that completely goes against her character, Salander is not an apologetic person. She does what she does and doesn't give a damn what anyone thinks. Blomkvist's relationship with Berger, and even with Millennium, was was not prominent enough in the movie. His "romance" with Salander seemed completely forced and extremely weird since Salander seems so obviously not to be Blomvkist's type.So much was edited from the book that would have rounded out the characters and made the movie flow and easier to follow. The movie barely scratched the surface of the characters and their relationships to one another. The editing was choppy it always seemed like something was missing.The ONE highlight, which actually wasn't even in the book had to do with Salander and Advoket Bjurman. That part was actually a good addition, and funny. Salander rocks.In closing, it seems like those involved really did not take time or care in telling the story. I just finished the book so everything was fresh in my mind, and needless to say that I was EXTREMELY disappointed. I fell asleep almost a dozen times because I grew so irritated while watching and then my irritation grew to boredom. The movie does the book NO justice, it's actually insulting. Why turn the book into a movie and make so many changes? I've heard that there is a foreign movie version that is much better, but I don't know how to get my hands on a copy.(A MUCH better job has been done with the Twilight series; those movies are exactly like the books, which I knew fans of the book really appreciate.) A movie can be made well (cast & photography) and still not have a worthwhile story to tell. This is such a movie. If you enjoy brutal rape, forced incest, and a serial killer who tortures young women before he butchers them, then you will like this movie. If, instead, you are in the (apparently) shrinking population of movie goers who wish to come out of a movie feeling better, not worse about the human condition, then you should avoid this movie like the plague. It has 3 (not 1, not 2) separate unredeeming stories each more depressing than the one before it. What this movie is not is a mystery story. Because of Hollywood's inability to think beyond typecasting, as soon as I saw the opening credits I knew who "did it" even before I learned what the crime was. If you want to see female nudity in movies, I recommend porno films. At least the women in those appear to be having fun. This movie is for masochists who only enjoy inflicting pain on themselves, or sadists who enjoy seeing pain inflicted on others. The original "Men som hatar kvinnor" movie was more suitable for the plot, because the writer did write it in Swedish NOT in English. From the beginning when the rumors of a English version of "Men som hatar kvinnor". I thought to myself: Is Hollywood out of idea, for a movie? Why most they ruin a good book and a good movie? I know that I had to see this movie, because I am such a huge fan of the original. The movie started by giving me a feeling like I was watching a James Bond movie. All the characters, places and things was in Swedish of course, that made the movie fake because they spoke English throughout the whole movie. This movie was a disappointment for me. I suggest that you buy or rent the Swedish movie "Men som hatar kvinnor" and watch it. I hope they don't make the second movie at all. I'm sure that somewhere on here it has been mentioned that the real title of the book (in Swedish) is "Men Who Hate Women". Just as you might suspect, it's a sick book, in which vile and sickening violence against women (and men!) is wrapped in a thoroughly ridiculous whodunnit. I can understand that the book's American publisher did not think the original title would sell very well, so it was changed to something which, outside of the book itself, has no significance whatsoever. The title change also attempts to change the focus of the book. In Sweden, the book was about men who not only hate women, but about men who hate women so much that just killing them is not enough. In America, the focus turns to a geeky girl who rides a motorbike and uses computers, not knives, to hack her way through complex crimes. The whole Vanger family thing was overdone. I kept visualizing Saturday Night Live doing a parody of this book. A door opens and it's the 2nd cousin once removed and his 3 children. Oostervanhaaven Vanger and Hansoover, Fransoover, and Gertaoover Vanger. Was the Vanger family supposed to be the Kennedys? Let's see. Serial murder and sex. Depraved murder and depraved sex. Forced anal sex, with and without lubricant. Bondage. Rape by father of son. Rape by father of daughter. Rape by brother of sister. Torture. Bird shoved into dead woman's vagina. Dismemberment. Burning of flesh. More dismemberment. Bad acting, zero character development, no atmosphere. It doesn't take it's time to tell the story and everything is rushed through. Rooney Mara is completely unbelievable as Lisbeth Salander. And Daniel Craig has nothing to work with as Mikael Blomquist. Americans should stop being lazy and bother to read subtitles so awful remakes like this can be avoided in the future.I have nothing more to say but IMDb demand 10 lines.CrapCrapCrap Movies like this should make a 0 star rating possible. I was quite enthusiastic about seeing this title, thinking that Hollywood did make a successful remake this time around. God I was so terribly wrong. The movie starts with an intro in an extremely trying-to-look-artsy way, that is so much more than simply boring, than it shouts "uninspired". Yet I sat back, thinking that I haven't seen the real thing yet, thus I must not be all that critical from the beginning. What a mistake. As usual for an American remake, this one is not an exception. The acting by both Craig and Mara was extremely uninspired, just like the intro of the movie, that I mentioned above. I must admit that they did make the effort to actually go and shoot the "thing", meaning the movie in Sweden (yet I failed to understand why did they show the Swedish news in English though). Apart from that Craig looks kind of lost in his part, while Mara's way of recreating Lisbeth was so, so plain. Overall the movie was a huge disappointment for me, yet so boring, I did even fall asleep, right before the hours-mark, when I actually stopped even bothering myself watching it further more. If you did like the novel, or have somehow heard nice things about the original( or even about the remake) just try not torturing yourself with it, but instead go for the real thing. Rapace does pull off an Award winning performance in the original, while the whole movie itself is not to be even compared to the remake whatsoever. I can't see any reason why David Fincher decided to make a remake of "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo", because the original from 2009 is an excellent movie with lots of action, a great story and actors who really knows what they're doing. I wish I could say the same about this version, but Finchers version of "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" is just very boring and tedious - and I think the actors seriously should start thinking about changing career! Not even the good actors (Robin Wright and Stellan Skarsgård) gives any great performances like they normally do! When I first heard they were going to do a remake of the 2009 film, I thought that it might be good - maybe even better than the original. But I was wrong. The original is much better and it's a movie I would ratter watch than this one. OK, this movie makes no sense what so ever! Why even waste time and money making it when there already is a Swedish and original series of movies made?!It's filmed in Sweden, all the names are Swedish, newspapers are in Swedish, well, everything is in Swedish except the language! What's even worse, some characters even have a ( fake? ) Swedish accent!If they now had to make an English version, at least film it England or the US! Use English speaking actors, to watch this version is like watching an American ww2 war movie where the Germans speak English with a German accent!! And yes, I have seen the Swedish version and I am Swedish so I know what I am talking about. Having seen the original trilogy, this lame Sunday school version is a joke. Awkward acting, poor story-line, bad directing, cutting and sound...quite honestly I could just go on and on. There was absolutely nothing I would rate highly in this Tinseltown version of the true original. Fake Swedish accent speaking, ugly and unsympathetic actors running around from A to B without any sense of continuation in the story- line or script. If I hadn't seen the original first, I would have been really confused. Is the US audience really so different that they had to have their own Disney version? I have seen dozens of European classics turned in to this kind of mush. After the story is squeezed through a one size fits all machine of the Hollywood industry, all the goodness and taste has been removed to leave bite size, easy to digest goop with just a hint of added coloring and flavoring. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is a series of scenes of sadomasochistic torture. The most graphic scene depicts a large adult male violating a female who has the body of a pubescent girl. There are other, less graphic scenes where males are subject to sadomasochistic torture. There is a series of still photographs of women who have been subjected to sadomasochistic torture. Audience members who are attracted to that activity, or fantasies of it, will very much want to see this film. They will be rewarded by it. The film will inspire some to pursue the opportunity to violate women and girls. The filmmakers will profit from others' pain. A flimsy, utterly vanilla murder plot – a plot out of a C-grade episode of "Columbo" – is the excuse for the exploitation scenes. A girl named Harriet disappeared forty years ago from a rich family's private island in Sweden. If you're at all curious as to what happened to Harriet, do yourself a favor and perform a google search of the film's title plus the word "spoiler." You'll soon discover how vapid the plot is. The biggest mystery of the film is why all these people ostensibly living in Sweden speak English with variations on Scandinavian accents, accents that roll around unevenly between Helsinki and Vienna. Robin Wright's accent is best. Christopher Plummer's is worst. Daniel Craig doesn't even try (memories of his uneven Polish accent in "Defiance.") Harriet is being pursued by Daniel Craig, a reporter, and Lisbeth, the eponymous heroine. Lisbeth is strictly a male fantasy who could never exist in real life. She is less real than the blow-up doll Ryan Gosling fell in love with in "Lars and the Real Girl." Lisbeth has superhero powers on a computer, with weapons, on a motorcycle, and in international finance, but she is helpless when men attempt to assault her. Make the woman powerful and then violate and humiliate her: a classic motif of misogynist porn. Lisbeth has the body of a pubescent girl, and you get to see every inch of it. For the gentlemen's club crowd, Lisbeth does girl-on-girl action, but, in the end, her job is to make the male lead, and viewer, happy.As part of the film's pretentious overlay, there are lots of interior shots of Swedish furniture and exterior shots of snow. Chair. Snow. Wind. Torture. Lather. Rinse. Repeat. The film is boring. The attempts to create tension are pathetic and hackneyed. A character is alone in an archive at night. Suddenly a door is heard closing. OOOO boogedy boogedy! I'm really scared now! Evidence is pieced together and suddenly one realizes who the antagonist is. And the antagonist is creeping up upon the hero even at that very moment! Be still my heart. A killer talks for a really long time before dispatching the victim, thus potentially giving a rescuer a chance to arrive. Wow, I've never seen THAT done before! There is a completely pointless series of scenes tacked on at the end relating to high finance. So much for narrative tension and drive. Trent Reznor's score is endlessly irritating in its neediness: "Listen to me! Listen to me! Listen to me! I'm doing something really edgy here!" I kept thinking of Bernard Herrmann's amazing shower scene music from "Psycho," music that seemed to just be the natural sound that scene would make, music that was a seamless part of the terror. No such moments in "Tattoo." What else. Rich people are bad. Nazis are really, really bad. Rich Nazis are really, really, really bad. Fat people are worst of all. The Bible causes people to become serial killers who hate women. Interestingly, boring, pretentious torture porn, apparently, does not cause people to become serial killers who hate women. Every other Swedish home has an extensively equipped torture chamber – you missed that at IKEA, didn't you? Well, the stores ARE really big. Torture is such a popular national pastime in Sweden that you have to wonder how they make time to prepare their famous meatballs, never mind Volvos. Tourists traveling to Sweden must learn to say, "Don't tase me, Bro," in Swedish, and should never, ever drop the soap. Don't waste your time on this extremely useless remake of a superb original movie. Watch the original instead (assuming your are capable of watching a movie in another language) Lame and that is me being generous with words. One of the only movies where I wanted to get up and leave. 