This was the last time I watched a movie based on IMDb ratings. Seriously. If you are 15 years old , you may watch this pile of... otherwise... Acting sucks, gangsters are brainless idiots, plot is terrible. "Russian" language? Hollywood, can you at least once hire OK Russian-speaking people? Hellooo??!! Just "a few" notable moments:John Wick is a killer, ghost man, he can kill three man armed only with a pencil, but somehow manages to overlook a couple of brainless thugs hack into his house, lets them beat the crap out of himself, kill his dog and steal his car, wow...John Wick is so famous that even the policeman, the bartenders, the mafia, all the town knew him, but the son of a mafia boss for some reason did not even hear about him! John Wick is very skillful , he managed to do impossible task, he can head shot everyone in the dark, but then he somehow manages to miss five times in a row at Iosef, incredible...John Wick is a ruthless killer, he wants to kill everyone, but when he encounters a female assassin, he decides to leave her alive. How touching.Viggo, mafia boss, hires most professional killers and puts 4 million bounty on John's head, but when he captures him, he decides to play a little bit and leaves him with only two imbecile guards, seriously? If you have more than a couple of brain cells, do yourself a favor and do not waste time and money on this garbage. I know it is too late to warn you not to go see this movie. But still, I am writing this review to express my disappointment, and to say I have no idea why this movie can be rate 7+ here. There must be something wrong.I am a big fan of Keanu. And I do not mind action movie with simple plot, as long as it looks cool. Nevertheless, I was brought down big time. The plot is unbelievably ridiculous. It will leave you amazed, wondering if whether someone pro-read the script before they made it a movie. No twist, no surprise, no character development, nothing thrilling or exciting whatsoever. It is utter boredom. I felt intelligently insulted, to be honest. And the action does not look cool either. Seriously, if you expect something like, let's say, Taken, you will be massively disappointed. John Wick does not really fight. He shots randomly, move randomly, and grunts, and moans. Nothing else. Everything cool about him is what you heard the others say before the fighting starts.I hope this review can actually reach someone, and help to stop them from wasting their time watching this movie. I genuinely do. I thought this was one of the worst films of all-time. I only went to see it because it had an 8.3 rating on IMDb. Wow! It is still rated over 8.0 as we speak. Holy crapamole Batman! This film was boring, lacked ANY character depth, and wasn't amusing or visually interesting. I have literally never been so shocked at the poor quality of a movie script or character development.Wow. This is the worst film I've seen in many, many years. And I'll tell you, it boggles my mind that MOST of you found it enjoyable. Just boggles my fracking mind.And here is my tenth and final line so that I can post this review, which most people will dislike but a few random souls will agree with passionately. I do not know what a lot of you others are drinking before you watched this attempt at a film but I will not be imbibing, that's for sure. There are comments in some of the reviews here that this will be a new cult film, that it is the best action film of the year etc etc etc. Sorry but 'fail' is the only word that comes to mind. The gratuitous and total violence is just pathetic and I might say a serious low point in American culture. Keanu has returned! From what? He looks like a very sad has been actor forced to not act so that the film maker can get his rocks off on this masturbation or a movie. I hope that the directors and producers of this garbage are duly banned from ever making another attempt. Seriously people, if you liked this film then you need to seriously look in the mirror. I mean really! If the mirror don't crack then just be thankful. If I had to find just one redeeming factor I would be very hard pressed. OK - I liked the little dog. YUK! The guy's wife dies. His dog gets killed. He kills 100+ people and steals a dog from a shelter. Great plot, great acting, such a wonderful movie! One-dimensional story: check. One-dimensional characters: check. Terrible dialogue: check. Bad acting: check. Uninspired action scenes: check.I checked IMDb before watching this. People talking about how this is going to be a new cult classic or the revival of Keanu. WTF are you people on crack or something. It was terrible from start to finish! This movie is all about the action and even that feels completely generic and uninspired. The dialogue is just plain painful to watch. I actually felt shame for the people 'acting' on screen. The story...... what story? It's virtually non-existent. Every random person you find on the street can write something better than this.The only thing going for this movie is Keanu looks cool. Even when his acting sucks. this movie is a huge joke, i've never seen anything so ridiculous in my life, it's even worse than runnning scared, keanu goes around and kills everyone like he's god incarnate. i mean in the professional, at least jean reno kills them in a very believable fashion, except when he shoots the cops from the ceiling of the room. i mean in this movie, nothing is believable, 30% of the people get head shotted while moving, that's just retarded, and nobody can headshot john wick, nobody can even shoot him in the arm, hands, leg, or feet. in the beginning, they send a commando squad to his house, like 10 people, they are getting killed one by one or two by two. i mean that's so retarded, even if these guys don't know what they are up against, the fact that ten of them are ordered to kill one guy would tell them they are up against someone good. i mean john just kills them one by one and headshots them like its nothing, i mean i can just fire blindly while he's fighting 2 of my buddies and get at least a shot on him, then i'll just empty the clip into him or go in and empty it into his head. there's a scene where the boss leaves 2 goons to take care of john wick who was hand cuffed, after seeing like 50 of their fellow goons headshoted, you figure they wouldn't leave much to chance. but no, they decide to suffocate him to death with a plastic baggie!!! they hardly even tortured him before doing it. and they exposed themselves to open windows. I would've just put 3 shots into his head. john's friend violated the code by helping him when he said he's gonna kill him and he was ratted out by a female assassin, but that earned her death, wtf? what did she do wrong? john's friend violated the code, why can't he be ratted out? I don't even know why the directed bother to give the bad guys a chance, why don't they just bring back neo and keanu can just off them all with his mind and the movie will be 5 seconds long. oh by the way, keanu can't act, i can grab any random people on the street, and chances are they'll be at least as good. Gone are the days when you could trust the internet ratings on rotten-tomatoes, IMDb.. hell even Wikipedia entry is so wrong about its "reception and critical acclaim"..This is one of the worst movies ever. It's a shame.. IMDb ratings. Movies like these will keep coming out and rigged ratings will keep earning them money. Hollywood is losing it.. Do yourself a favor, and do not watch this garbage. The positive reviews on this website are so clearly made up by the possible stakeholders.. Maybe the producers nowadays are hiring marketing teams whose jobs are to make multiple IDs and post as much positive reviews and ratings on sites like these to fool the public.. and guess what it sells.. some of the positive reviews are so clearly typed by the same fingers.. it is a shame. Cannot think of anything to redeem this movie. Fight scenes were boring with baddies unable to find their target at 3 feet. An expert as John Wick was supposed to be was unable to fight off 2 thugs and an idiot in his own house. He could shoot every other baddie but when it came to Iosef he kept missing. Why didn't he kill Ms Perkins? What was the significance of the gold coins, or was I too uninterested to catch what it was. Also Willem Dafoe was just a pointless addition, could have put anyone in that part who just wanted to collect a cheque for little contribution. Again Keanu fails to impress, and this was 100 minutes of my life I will not get back. Do yourself a big favour and give it a miss, really. First time making a review here and this movie made me to do so. This Movie has nothing at all. A guy is shooting dozens of people one by one. Thats it !What I will suggest that start movie, watch for no more than 10 minutes by expecting somethings then close your eyes and go deep sleep. Don't forget to switch sound at lowest, lots of shooting will bother your sleep.I have nothing to add for this empty movie, it doesn't deserve to get more to say.But IMDb wants me to add more lines. this movie is an offense on my IQ - it was 100% predictable from the beginning - complete waste of time so disappointed with IMDb for giving this movie 7.5 - WHY? I am expected to write 10 lines of text about the movie that doesn't even deserve one. I could easily say it was one of the worst movies I've watched recently - give you my word! Actually, the reason I decided to open an account in IMDb was to share my displeasure with the actors, the plot and pretty much everything else. There was a countless number of moments when I literally couldn't believe the producers managed to get away with such unsophisticated B class stereotypical unengaging movie. So my word of advice is: NO! I watched Whiplash only yesterday and it made me feel like changing from Form Mustang to Fiat Punto... Wow! This is one of the worst action movies of all times and I can't believe it has 7.2 rating as I write. Where do I even begin? No character development. - Awful script, you won't even remember one line after the movie. - Sloppy acting, no one in the movie is good. - No story. - Poor ending. - Environment, screenplay and visuals are also not that good. - Action sequences are barely tolerable.At the end, I would like to ask those who like this movie: what is wrong with you people? Have you not watched any half-decent movie recently? And to those aspiring to watch this movie, I won't say don't watch it. I'd say watch it and come back to IMDb and rate this movie - as a service to mankind. A single guy kills more than 100 people. Zero story. Only action. Even action is worse than we have in FnF, James Bond, MI, IP man etc. I usually never rate any picture 1 star but this is exceptional. If your IQ is above room temperature, you won't like this movie though i usually enjoy more movies where there is a delicate balance between substance and style - the film has an intelligent story and characterization that produces deep emotions, too - i also find great and perhaps a little guilty pleasure watching action films once in a while but this is one of the films in its genre in which i simply do not find anything enjoyable or pleasurable at all. it is totally boring and utterly ridiculous watching experience and i only wonder why on earth it was ever even made in the first place? there is NOTHING original. everything has been seen hundreds of times in hundreds of other movies...the characters are silly the story is totally predictable almost in every turn and there is absolutely no humor which may be the worst thing of all: all the people concerned producing this piece of stupid crap take themselves so damn too seriously and that is the most apparent source of yawn breaking boredom most viewers must feel at it. it is just another stupid piece of dull action cinema.keanu reeves who is still a sight for most female and many male sore eyes even in his fifties cannot save it (i think quite few women would have the overwhelming interest to watch the film despite its handsome protagonist). reeves as a retired professional hit man is as irritating cardboard character as anything else in the film. for most male viewers it is still enough if you slaughter a hundred guys around you with a relevant weapons arsenal and sprinkle blood on the walls in endless killing euphoria while on your vengeance tour de force but that kind of treatment when consistent all the way from the beginning to the end rarely makes a very good action movie. there must be something more.i admit that south koreans who are the real masters of the action genre nowadays have sometimes managed to do a fair movie from the scratch but this film crew has not been able to do so.total waste of time. Cannot believe how weak and pathetic this movie was. I was expecting at least a plausible story line and gripping action with Keanu Reeves in it. But Reeves acting was SO shallow and unbelievable, as was everyone else's. The plot was barely existent and everything in it was just a repeat of so many other movies. The action was stiff and repetitive, and absolutely lacking in reality. The story was unbelievable to the point of being ridiculous, and the concept of Reeves being able to do even a small portion of what he was pictured to do, was just absurd. Can hardly believe actors of Reeve's caliber could even consent to act in this B-grade rubbish. It's like a kid's movie - all impossibility and fantasy. Nothing gripped me at all, not for a moment. One of the worst movies I've ever seen. I have watched probably close to a thousand movies in my time. Hardly ever have I seen one in which a major Hollywood actor has had to endure such a poorly produced crime drama as John Wick.It is a shame that an actor with the potential of Keanu Reeves has to work in such a meaningless film. I sure hope he does not go the way of Nicolas Cage, whose last good movie was made in 2003 (Matchstick Men). My fears though of a career collapse are slowly but surely being realized with Keanu as this makes a two-for-two terrible movies list (47 Ronin was in the category of WTF). I will have to watch Generation Um... and Man of Tai Chi to see what calibre of production Reeves has been partnered with of his last four films.As for the film itself, John Wick is a totally un-enjoyable movie not only because the plot line is yet another US State Department propaganda piece using Russians as the bad guys but because the audience is not given the tools to sympathize for any character, both "bad" and "good" alike.The aftertaste of John Wick is a dark, dreary monolithic crime drama revenge movie that elicits zero compassion, respect or other noble feelings and imparts not one lesson of humanity to the audience. It does its job though of leaving a dark impression of Russians and a vaguely justified negative thought-impression of that particular strain of people. This is a worse film I had seen in last years and I just do not get HOW it comes here to average from 7+ ??? The story is: Guy kills hundreds of people because of one dog. Wonderful. And on the top, implementation detract/lacks any logic.. It is so sad to see such a great actor in that kind of crap movie :( So sad. This is a worse film I had seen in last years and I just do not get HOW it comes here to average from 7+ ??? The story is: Guy kills hundreds of people because of one dog. Wonderful. And on the top, implementation detract/lacks any logic.. It is so sad to see such a great actor in that kind of crap movie :( So sad. This is a worse film I had seen in last years and I just do not get HOW it comes here to average from 7+ ??? The story is: Guy kills hundreds of people because of one dog. Wonderful. And on the top, implementation detract/lacks any logic.. It is so sad to see such a great actor in that kind of crap movie :( So sad. A man's dog is killed. So he goes out and kill 1000 men and get a new dog. That is about it. The movie is so bad, that it's a stereotype of a movie. The acting is non existing, the dialogues low and the music loud. Reeves is a great gymnast, but no actor. Defoe has expired and Nyqvist can't even fake a russian accent. This is more like a homage to video games and American V8 engines than a story. Unfortunately it netted more than 100 million dollars, I see, which explain why they will probably never give up throwing these things out in new versions for as long as the market can stomach them. I am sorry I watched it, will be more careful next time, promise. This movie has no script, bad acting and my wife and I considered leaving before the end which we never do. It is not the first time i notice a big difference between the ratings of the first weeks and the ones after a few months.Read the positive reviews, a lot of them sound like PRs selling you the movie with lines like "best movie of the year", "a cult classic", etc... Nobody writes reviews like that and i'm under the sensation that studios hire people to write positive reviews to promote the movie.When you wait for a movie to end, you can't give it more than 1 out of 10. This movie is an insult. I watched this pile of garbage till the end, in agony and cringe, hoping for some plot twist or something interesting but there was nothing. 
The whole movie is about brick faced Keanu Reeves shooting 100-200 thugs in the head, because Theon Greyjoy has stolen his car and killed his dog. 
Avoid this trash at any cost. This is basically a movie about vengeance. Although if someone kills your dog, it does not really justify a body-count of 100s. After the first 20 minutes, this movie merely offers up set pieces of violence and killing set to grungy rock music. The violence reminds me of a FPS video game, where killing is cool and fun. Indeed, I must confess to fast-forwarding briefly during the final fight scene (yawn). A predictable and mindless offering. If not for the delightful Ms Perkins, then I would have given this movie a zero.Don't get me wrong. The production and violence and well executed, on a good budget. If that's what you like, then go for it. But as a Keanu Reeves fan, I remember great movies like Constantine, The Gift, Matrix. Alas, this movie is not great. Just violent mindless drivel set to a noisy soundtrack. I find nothing 'stylish' about gratuitous violence start to finish. And Rotten Tomatoes gives it an 85?? What is the world coming to? Seriously!! And so much for the 'crisp' gun-fu. During one scene I saw a flash from his gun, but only heard a click and no bang! HAHA...proves even the editors got bored watching this pointless crap. I spent 2 hours watching this movie and found it really silly especially the father of Iosuf how he gave his son to John after he was protecting him from John and then suddenly he wanted revenge for his son.
Otherwise it was only showing off cars and guns. Drive-in fare for the weak-minded. Utter rubbish! I used to to think Keanu was an actor.... I fell asleep watching this! I seriously had no idea what was going on. When I found out it is the same director as "Atomic Blonde" it all made sense. I don't like films with no story. BREAKING NEWS my friends: Making things look "blueish-green" hue doesn't make a movie COOL. 