A touch of reality is much-needed for those who of late have occupied themselves in tossing about bon-mots like "masterpiece" and "crime-epic". Perhaps never before have the expectations of rabid fanboys so completely bullied the critics into sheer lying. For lying it must be, since I refuse to believe that the critics did not see through this. It is just not possible. I feel that most of them simply cowed down before the staggering pre-release fanboy blitzkrieg, rather than provoke the inevitable backlash of acrimony from fans and thereby needlessly risk their careers. This is the only explanation I can conceive of as to why TDK has seemingly scored so well with the critics. I don't blame the critics, though. The blame lies in the fanboys' hysteria : their myopic refusal to see the obvious.I feel that Chris Nolan tried really really hard to make a good film, but ultimately even he with all his skill cant do much simply because of the limitations of the genre. If viewers truly want "more realism" as they say they do, then why turn to comics in the first place ?? Its just amazing how comic-book junkies pull the wool over their own eyes and deceive themselves into thinking that what they read is deep and sophisticated, when in fact (and there cannot be two opinions on this) reading comics beyond a certain age is a sign of neurotic behaviour. And before you shove it in my face that it is ME who is taking it too seriously, let me just say that this movie was nothing but lashes of violence : grim, sadistic violence. Once again, the so-called realism is simply a pretext for the usual action-movie gang-banging, i.e. violence and special effects. And its not even just because of the genre : Batman Begins rose above those limitations, right ? One could empathize with the young Bruce Wayne, tormented by his perceived culpability in his parents' murder, and struggling with his anger and loneliness. Not so in TDK : here there is neither plot nor motivation to speak of, and not a single character with whom one can even remotely identify. The acting, apart from one notable performance, is mediocre. To be fair, the film does take certain risks which I cant imagine the likes of, say, a Sam Raimi ever taking ; it isn't a McDonaldized blockbuster to the degree that the Spiderman films and the rest of the comic-book parade are. The problem is that those risks don't pay off : instead of an even progression of events that build up to a crescendo, what you get here is one absurdity after another until you are numb and it no longer matters who is doing what.I wonder if it is really so hard to tell the truth, even only to oneself. Apparently it is indeed SO difficult for all the fanboys to own up that the countless hours spent over the last several months, sitting up nights staring at their monitors and devouring every last bit of inconsequential trivia about TDK, have all amounted to a huge nothing. TDK is the prime example of how the advertising business works today, hyping up a product during pre-release to uncalled-for heights and ultimately forcing the gullible consumer to like the product against his better judgement. The marketing behind this film is very much THE phenomenal success story of this decade, and should serve as a de-facto case study for anyone who wants to understand just exactly how mob psychology works.EDIT : A more appropriate rating for this film is 4/10. But I so deeply despise Warner Bros. & the people lauding this film (i.e. everyone except me) that I must give it 1/10, just to balance things. I am deeply shocked…. I am really shocked that this film made it all the way to the top. It's OK with me that it is a huge success at the box office. I can cope with it that many, many people do not have the same taste as me. Even though it is a little sad because I think this somewhat strange taste of the comic buffs will influence the movies in the future even more. There are interesting articles about the influence of the bloggers and hardcore fans on producers and directors. What really shocks me here is that many, many acclaimed critics fail to see how bad this movie is. They write about hidden stories, meanings and messages. The war in Iraq, the war against terrorism, a reflection of American society and so on. They write about hilarious performances of the actors. They write about stunning visual effects. Some of them may even write about the tremendous script. Fortunately so far I did not read anything about the scriptwriting. So I try to begin with that issue. Well, the script is so down, down, deep down below that I don't even know where I shall begin. I guess the guys who are more in the comic stuff will tell you that Jonathan Nolan really did a good job in adopting the stories and the mood of the comic books. But for me this is no reason to write a story that lacks everything and is so brain dead that I'm gasping for air. The plot is annoying and predictable. The characters are written really poorly. First of all Harvey Dent. His turning into a fallen Angel is so incredibly incredible. It may result from the way that the brains of the comic buffs work. 9 Pictures or less per page. I that time you can turn from a white hero into a black devil. But this is a movie. And no 9c trash book. To say it clear – and you may have noticed – I am no comic fan. But I like for instance Sin City very much. It is a very good adaptation into a now medium. And it is visually very interesting. Visuals. As I said Sin City is visually very interesting. The dark Knight is not. Totally not. Almost two decades before we saw TerminatorII. Oh my god, this was something new. And Two Face – Aaron Eckhart looked a little like the wrecked Arni back then. Don't get me wrong the make up apartment did a very good job. It is just so sad that we already saw it all before. (Just like the inspection of the new weapons… Is this a scene of one of the Bond Movies?) Or take the Matrix (Part1) about one decade before. Visually the dark knight is not one tick better or more interesting. Maybe on the same level. Sin City was something new. The dark Knight shows us common techniques in a slightly higher perfection. The directing is average. Not outstanding. It must have been a logistic masterpiece, OK. But we have seen it before. The acting. I can't even say if the actors are bad. I think it is the story that is so poor. The Joker is good. Heath Ledger is good. Not brilliant or something like that. It is solid work. And he is the only character that is somewhat interesting and not full of pathetic crap. Well to draw the conclusion again. I can live with it that this movie is that successful at the box office. I can not live with the super high praising comments of professional critics. For action entertainment this movie is too long. At least one hour is simply annoying. (Again the writing.) So, who ever has some bucks left go see this movie and see what brain damaged means. How can a film like this be ever compared to a film like the godfather is laughable, i am a big comic book and superhero fan i particularly like this genre but i did not like the way this was handled whatsoever..the following points highlight my case why batman is nothing but a okay film.. 1- CONCEPTION AND CREATION everyone knows that one of the most exciting things about villains is there creation, and how they became they way they are, i believe the original batman films which Tim Burton directed handled this brilliantly, but look at Spiderman 2 which has a great villain. There was no flashback even to the creation of the joker character we must believe he has been there all along, as well as Two Face whos original coming of being i liked better in batman forever, not to say i like tommy lee Jones character portrayal any better than this 1.2-VIOLENCE this film had left a bitter taste after viewing i am a fan of violent films but it can be seen the way this was edited to ensure the upper catorgory of a pg-13 12a(uk) over here left the film looking a feeling like something was missing. Instead of showing the conseqeunce of for example a bullet in the head the camera would cut away leaving it for the audience imagination, another example of not showing violence and actually changing the tone of the film was robocop the R rated version when compared against the X rated version which seems lighter in tone.3-BATMAN now Batman played by Bale one of my favourite actors opted for a stupid gruff sounding voice which didn't work, also the suit castes were terrible and i mean truly bad, batmans suit made him look like a more well equipped navy seal or something, not the true mysticism that is batman which is lost in this film. There is no reference to bats whatsoever throughout the duration. Another letdown was the fight sequences which even though Bale did a lot himself did not look smooth, or good on the big screen.4-PLOT/PACINGthe plot has to many twists and turns and leaves some of the less cerebral most likely lost(not myself of course). The pacing is bad as there is one key action sequence in the middle of the film which did blow me away but the film never lived up to that particular sequence which is a shame, less morality and preachyness more ACTION! and on that note a spoiler which i do warn before hand, the ending i must say i disliked a lot, for lack of realism, depth and completion as it is left very much open of what happens to the joker character, my 2 cents please reply if you have maybe a differing opinion to mine, Spiderman 2 is one of the greatest comic book translations to films, as in the earlier batmans, (including returns) but this should never be uttered in the same sentence as a film like the Godfather, which i believe to be one of the greatest of all time, the greatest which i do believe is Once upon A time in America. This movie is not even a Batman movie. It's basically a Joker movie featuring Batman because that's what everyone remembers.
The irony is that Batman Begins is miles ahead of TDK, yet it's rated lower than even TDKR.The movie itself is watchable only because Heath Ledger gives an exceptional performance, but looking beyond his performance, the movie is very awful.
There are more plot holes in TDK than the entire DCEU put together, including Green Lantern. Usually, in this kind of situation where it's a comic book movie, you tend to let some things slide, however, when Nolan publicized his trilogy as being realistic (where he failed miserably), you end up cringing most of the time.The problem with TDK is there are too many inconsistencies smothered in incoherence... The fact that people (and critics) are usually very critical on everything, but did not notice all these plot holes in the movie and dubbed it "the best comic book movie ever and one of the best movies ever made". TDK, if you actually watch the movie, is not even top 10 material in its own genre, let alone being top 5 all time.The legion of Batmanites made this rating high, but it does not reflect the actual merit it deserved. It was a complete piece of crap, plain and simple. No character development, abundance of plot holes and a week story... How can people be so blind? Wow. Once again my faith in the rational persons ability to discriminate between depth and breadth, is verified, in that I have none.The film was long. Not deep. I think there is a misunderstanding. The film had the veneer of an epic film. It had all the right elements to be an epic comic-book adaptation to screen. Yet it faltered, mainly because everyone was so wrapped up in the idea of Ledger giving a career defining performance, they couldn't see past it. It's almost as if they accepted the brilliance of his performance before they entered the theatre, off of the back of the hype and the critics reviews, and all that was left was to actually watch it and be able to validate this belief.Disregarding Heath Ledgers untimely death, can you really say that he was a better Joker than Jack Nicholsons? I for one, cannot. Others have already said it; he had no back story. A character without a past and a motive - especially when they are a killer - is just not one that is appropriate to a story about good and evil. The things we like about villains is that we can relate to the reasons they do the things they do, whilst asking ourselves whether their reasons are justified. We get into a dialogue, and we ourselves get to decide who we side with - the good or the bad. This villain left me feeling flat and unfulfilled because he had no real motive, - making it impossible to choose which argument, good or bad, I sided with - and left me feeling like I was a voyeur, watching a guy kill loads of people.Everyone has been raving about the script, which I thought was plain dreadful at points. Others have raised the questions here. What was with his voice? He would make a great nursery nurse. The poignant moment on the boat when the sailor said something to the effect of "They haven't pushed the button yet, because we are still alive" was just plain embarrassing. The fact that Batman kept leaving in the middle of a conversation became irritating instead of cool and enigmatic. Why can't he just hear someone out. And at the end when batman runs home like Charlie, I was nearly dying in laughter. I could hear the music 'I've got a golden ticket'. There were other embarrassing script moments, but because the film was so bad, I can't even be bothered to mention them. The phone device for one was utter...The rhetoric of the characters in their oratorical moments was again, limp. It was as if the writer had started a sadistic, flowing evil speech, but had not had the tools with which to really elaborate. Because he had decided to keep the Jokers background exclusive, the speeches were neither funny or scary. They were punctured and lacked conviction.The fact that this is the number one movie is embarrassing. IMDb should take it off out of principle. If this wins an Oscar, I will never watch a Hollywood movie again. I'm very disappointed and this rating reflects my disappointment. It could have been so much better, easily. First, it's as if there's no obstacles the characters couldn't overcome by snapping their fingers. It's just too easy for the Joker and Batman to do all what they do. It seems the writers didn't want to be bothered by realism and it's one of the main reasons I didn't feel involved or excited at all. Batman pulls out technological rabbits out of his hat to move the plot forward - it's contrived and not entertaining. The Joker sets bombs anywhere he wants without facing any obstacles. His team of super terrorists can fill a whole hospital with explosives in a few minutes after it has been evacuated - or was it before? Anyway we don't see them setting up anything, everything is done off-screen and it goes into action without any kind of dramatic buildup. How did his gang do this or that? Doesn't matter cause there's an explosion coming soon. *YAWN* The Joker starts with a small gang but in only a few days or so it seems he builds a big organization capable of operating rapidly without flaws - a group we are told made up of many schizos and psychos from Arkham Asylum, as if they had all been released all of a sudden to join him and moreover in doing so became hyperobedient and hypercompetent robbers / explosive experts / terrorists / etc. Yeah. Right. As if running a criminal organization made up of Arkham inmates would be a piece of cake. It would have been so much more REALISTIC and ENTERTAINING to see the Joker having to deal with nutty and sometimes incompetent henchmen and we the viewers doubting whether or not he would succeed and yet pulling it off and laughing all the way up to the last confrontation. Instead he surfs on the action, survives all kinds of explosions and crashes and moves around as if Gotham City was butter and he a hot knife. *YAWN* Second, the style & editing of the movie was mediocre at best. You would think the Joker's first meeting with the mob would have something of a tension. Here we are introduced to Batman's no.1 enemy and he tells them they have to kill the Dark Knight. But the way it was shot the scene was cold, he simply goes in, makes a few enemies and leaves. And next The Joker invites himself to Bruce Wayne's party to kidnap Harvey Dent and he simply comes in, Voilà!, without facing any obstacles, there's no buildup, no dramatic crescendo, the pace stays the same, we get lots of quick shots, a constantly moving camera and even one or two 360 degrees around Joker and Rachel as if this was some kind of music video. There's nothing, no tension. And it went downhill from there, like a typical dumb action movie. Explosion, car chase, car chase, explosion, fight, car chase, explosion. Can't you guys come up with something original? And those action scenes aren't even well made. *YAWN* Why? After all you had an ace, The Joker, he should have had some cool crazy ideas to cause mayhem... but he didn't. He lacked the charisma that should be in such a character. Not that Ledger is bad but the character he plays has nothing special. He's cold, predictable and not funny. In Tim Burton's movie the man isn't just some psycho killer, you know early in the movie he's going to do his crimes with style and that he has surprises in his bag. He's a bit silly but you don't know what to expect from him - he's fun to watch. In TDK he neither has style nor surprises, HE JUST BLOWS THINGS UP WITH DETONATORS and he's not even having fun. Bbbooorrriiiinnnggg.I think a lot of people don't see all the big flaws of the movie because they like the characters and the themes. I like Batman, the lone vigilante fighting crime in his city and his struggle to retain his morality while confronting the worst criminals, I like Harvey Dent's character and the Joker trying to turn Dent into a madman like him to ruin his crusade against crime and I liked the Joker trying to corrupt the people of Gotham and turn them into murderers ...BUT THE MOVIE STINKS I really wanted TDK to be good, good at least like half of Batman Begins is, I wanted to leave the theater with a big smile on my face but I left the theater feeling cheated because I wanted to see a cool movie and I didn't, I saw a lame piece of crap. There was no climax, no great scenes, no drama, no tension, no substance, only over the top action scenes we have already seen elsewhere. This movie itself isn't a 1 out of 10 but I'm so disappointed by it that it deserves its 1 It's hard to find what is wrong with a movie that seems so well crafted and put together. Well let's start by saying that the Dark Knight is very boring and messy.The plot is incoherent, with too many undeveloped subplots. The movie tries to be realistic but logic has no place anywhere. It tries to be dramatic but the drama is manufactured, out of place, and doesn't build up from anything. Lots of poor philosophical monologues going nowhere. The characters have nothing, nothing interesting about them. They're like puppets used to create some sort of politicised view of the world where everyone is miserable with no sense of humor, taking no pleasure from their actions whatever they are. And creating this dull vision of the world hidden behind a comic superhero, is what this movie is all about. All the rest comes as a consequence of this. Anything that happens has little or no effect. Batman is just as hollow as every one else. You could swap him with some other character and nothing would change. Action is just average. Random things happening out of nowhere, and no explanations is given on how they managed to do that. Some great effects here and there don't add much to the movie. I like violent movies but the violence in the DK is pretty much senseless as well as censored. Definitely not for young kids.The movie is not dark, is hollow. If you want a good dark movie then go to see the awesome 'The Crow'. You want to see a good batman movie then watch the Tim Burton's version. Flat with no substance, humor or soul, the Dark Knight doesn't leave you with any emotions whatsoever, no hope and not even hopelessness. Only a lame sense of depression. I know this review will get a bunch of unhelpful votes but somebody has to tell the truth here! The Dark Knight is wildly overrated and is the most overrated movie of all time. Forget Titanic, Boondock Saints and King Kong(2005). This movie surpasses them when it comes to sheer hype. For the record I love Batman Begins. I thought it was a fresh beginning on a series that was rendered ineffective by that lunatic Joel Schumacher. Christian Bale fared well as both Batman and Bruce Wayne and the rest of the cast did a great job also. But this movie.... Everything that made Batman Begins so great is absent from this pretentious slop. Most of the cast look like they'd rather be somewhere else. Let me break it down this way with what stinks about this movie.The plot: Idiotic beyond belief. Joker(Heath Ledger) plans to kill city officials while playing childish games with Batman. Most of the time he's killing the people he's aligned with making him the most moronic villain in superhero movie history. Batman joins forces with Commissioner Gordon to stop him.The acting: Christian Bale is wooden in both roles(Batman and Bruce Wayne). He spends most of the movie looking like he's stoned out of his mind. And what is up with that voice? In Batman Begins he sounded cool like one of the gangsters from those old 1940s flicks. Here he sounds like Dirty Harry with strep throat. Aaron Eckhart is flat as both Harvey Dent and Two-Face. While his Two-Face was better than Tommy Lee's Two-Face looking good by default is never good. Michael Caine, Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman sleepwalk through this whole movie. Maggie Gyllenhaal is quite awful as Rachel Dawes. Katie Holme's Rachel Dawes was a strong willed lawyer that fought for what's right. Maggie's Rachel Dawes needs to grow up and find some better priorities. I agree that she is a step up from Katie Holmes but she plays Rachel Dawes like some silly high school girl with a pathetic crush on Bruce Wayne. The fact that we are asked to feel sympathy for her when The Joker captures her is a bit of a stretch. Her getting roasted made my day though lol!Now for the talk of the town: Heath Ledger as Joker. Heath Ledger's performance was okay but to say that he was better than Jack Nicholson's Joker is hilarious to say the least. Jack Nicholson's Joker had style, a plan and was pretty funny as well as unpredictable. Of course he was silly but he was fun. Heath Ledger's Joker is predictable with no back story and had no real plan. Just random acts of chaos. Ra's Al Ghul had a plan, The Joker of Batman 1989 had a plan, The Penguin of Batman Returns had a plan. This weirdo had nothing but bluff. Plus he's has no fun with what he does and spends most of the time ridiculously philosophizing like those corny emo-goth kids that smoke copious amounts of cigarettes while yapping about the misery of their lives. You complete me? That's about as cheesy as the Tumbler turning into a crappy motorcycle. Speaking of Emo-Goth kids that exactly what this Joker is. Only people actually find him cool instead of pathetic.Action sequences: predictable to a fault. Car chase and fights scenes plus they are quite unrealistic. People get punched, kicked, shot, bitten by dogs and knocked around by explosions and walk away without bumps, bruises, cuts or blood. Now, Im not a gore hound but if you get shot or bitten by a dog, I would expect to see some blood. Not in the Dark Knight though. Pacing: The movie builds up a pace to slow it down after wards and with all the action on the screen the movie still finds time to be boring. Plus at 2 hours and 32 minutes this movie feels longer than it needs to be. Various subplots that never connect best describe most of this movie.Conclusion: The Dark Knight is the most overrated, most hypocritical, most pretentious piece of garbage in the history of cinema. The only people that would like this are the fanboys and I cant believe that people are trouncing Tim Burton's Batman movies to foam at the mouth like rabid dog groupies over this overcooked sequel. You pseudo-intellectual snobs don't seem to realize that those movies were great for the time they were made in and they were fun. Tim Burton made the type of Batman movie he wanted to make without trying to please these shills. I must have seen the Tim Burton Batman movies more times than I can count and still have a ball watching them till this day. I saw this dreck three times and still couldn't get into it. Its not even fun. Its a plodding mess that gets more hype than it deserves. Matter of fact, I'll tell how much I didn't like it. For months I had The Dark Knight on my computer for free via z-share and when my computer suffered from a virus that force me to erase the whole thing, this was the only movie through z-share that I never tried to get back. That should tell you everything you need to know about my feelings on this movie. Two Thumbs down. I saw this movie on a Monday afternoon in hopes of avoiding a long wait and big crowds at the theater. Good plan. It worked. The movie didn't. Many reviewers have already commented on the gross mediocrity of this film so I'll skip that part. There were some very good, though isolated, moments in the story: a lesson about how torture is wrong and doesn't work, the equal value of all lives regardless of how they have been lived, "abridged" civil rights are neither civil nor right, etc. I like all those concepts and they are certainly worthy of exploration given our current political state.To me, however, the most prominent feature of this film was neither Heath Ledger, (whom I greatly respect as an actor), Christian Bale, nor the script, directing, story line, performances, or suspense, but rather the gorrific violence that punctuated almost every moment of the more than two and a half hours this thing went on. Everything in this movie explodes!!! And the cut aways in the editing do nothing to mitigate the impact of all the slashing, stabbing, pounding, bludgeoning, shooting, and impaling that becomes ridiculous about halfway through. And though I have enormous respect for him, Ledger's Joker was basically Ted Bundy with face paint. I think the inspiration for this film came more from Oliver Stone's "Natuarl Born Killers" than from anything that was ever written in a comic book.All you need to know is this... In the last ten minutes of the film, with the body count hovering somewhere around 100, a scene begins to unfold where a young child is about to be murdered in cold blood, (those of you who have seen the movie know what I'm talking about). The scene goes on for what I thought was an excruciatingly long time, but even as it was just beginning I was thinking to myself, "no, no, no, this is wrong. This should not be done this way in a movie". Then somewhere in the theater, behind me, a child began sobbing uncontrollably. Yes, real terror, real horror, real fear, a real child, right there in the theater. The scene finally came to an end. The sobbing didn't. As the lights came up for us to leave I saw a couple escorting their approximately 12 year old son out of the theater, still sobbing, and hanging on to his parents' clothing as they walked out.I don't blame the parents. This movie's PG13 rating is unconscionable. This is a "Batman" movie! With a PG13 rating! "Batman" originated from a children's comic book series. One would think that this movie would be a safe experience for children. It's not. Given the grotesque thread of constant violence that runs from the opening credits to the closing credits it's not even suitable for adults. Several of the postings here at IMDb with the lowest ratings have noted that they are putting their rating as low as possible to balance out the overly generous perfect scores that have vaulted this movie into the position of being one of the greatest film ever,according to IMDb. Not me. I really didn't like this movie. And in the last ten minutes of it I came to hate it. It does not do service to the Batman franchise, or movies in general. There is not a shred of "comic book" appeal in it anywhere, and it will take it's place as one of the most uselessly violent movies ever made. That this offering has the broad appeal it has makes me a little sad, and sick inside. And if I could speak for the poor kid that was sitting behind me during this bloated gore fest I'd say this, "thanks for the memories". This movie has proved again, that cartoon means junk, and whatever you do starting from a cartoon, it will still be junk. At least now someone else in Hollywood realized this, and made a real good parody of the cartoon genre. An extra joke is, that all this was masked as a serious superhero cartoon movie. Just some of the best hidden jokes I've found behind the cliché story:1. Batman kills at least a dozen of cops during the car chase, and makes some million $ worth of damage in the road, buildings. etc., but he is still the good guy. Sure.2. All the citizens in Gotham are totally stupid. First of all, they don't realize, that the only person, who has enough money to buy those hi-tech gadgets is Bruce Wayne, and nobody realizes, who Batman is. Second, it doesn't matter, that Batman's mask is covering only a small part of his face (his forehead and nose), they still don't realize, who is "hiding" behind the mask By the way, did you notice, that there is a face recognition software running on one of the monitors in Batman's hideout? The very same happened in the previous Batman franchise - looks like folks in Gotham didn't get any smarter in the past decades.3. Looking at the height of the pile, I guess that the amount of cash Joker is burning is more than there is in circulation in the whole world.4. All the mobs are stupid enough to keep their money in cash, so if they want to make a transfer, they have to hire a dozens of trucks. They haven't ever heard about electronic money. If they are so stupid, then how they can run a syndicate?5. Some billion worth of hi-tech gadgets is hiding in the basement of Wayne company. For years in nobody's mind turned up the idea to find a customer and make some money of it. They just wasted some million $ into it, and later they decided to hide it.6. The way the bat car and the bat bike moves is totally unrealistic. Also, such vehicles would be totally unpractical. For example, why are the wheels of the bat car in the front of the vehicle? Anyone can shot it with a simple pistol (these are rubber wheels), and game is over. The stupid design of the vehicle is proved in one scene, when Joker immobilizes the car (supposedly worths some million$ + the development costs, as this is a prototype) with a common RPG, which costs only a handful of dollars.7. When they bring down the chopper with the steel cables, the two guys must have know in advance, that exactly where (which street and what height) the chopper will go through. Keep in mind, that according to the plot, all these Joker sidekicks are mentally retarded people. And doesn't matter, that the chase is half a dozen mile long, they are just in the exact time at the exact place.8. Hey terrorists and wannabe terrorists! I have some good news for you! It looks like, that if you want to kill a major, then all you have to do is to get an uniform. (An uniform can be bought in any costume shop, you don't even have to beat policemen and take away from them like in the movie.) Then you can approach the major to point blank distance - the only problem is, that there are oracles in the police, too, who can predict the future, and jump between you and the major even before you pull the trigger.9. Blowing a building is an easy process. High explosives are strange artifacts, as you can move and properly plant hundred kilos within a couple of minutes into the designated places of a building. Also, when you blow up a building, you can stay 10 meters away from it, and you will suffer no damage from debris, rubble and/or air pressure.10. Ship crews are incredibly dumb. They can't realize that there are hundreds of gasoline in the engine room. Or even if they have found it, then they may have thought, that the captain is going to throw a surprise party for the whole crew, and in the barrels there is the stuff necessary for such party (vaseline).These are just some quick random things I can remember, I don't want to waste much time commenting this disaster. Let's not talk about obvious plot holes, pointless violence, superfluous subplots, and Bale acting like a wood - oh my god, why that deep voice when dressed as Batman? OK I waited a really long time to actually see this movie.. mostly because of the hype.. I wanted to see if after all the long drawn out hype of Heath Ledger's death... its #1 spot on the IMDb boards.. and all the back and forth conversations on whether it or not it was the greatest film of all time... it could actually live up to that standing.The simple answer is no.1. Writing 6/10There are a lot of points in this film where the dialogue feels really rushed and just awkward. I don't understand why batman begins (which in my opinion far exceeds this film) could do everything right with the screenplay and this one fail so badly. The standard plot devices are there good/evil good as evil.. downfall of the hero.. redemption .. blah blah blah... its all been done before.. and I might add done much better. One quick film which comes to mind.. "There will be blood" used a very similar thesis of the antihero but did in a much more intelligent and beautiful way. 2. Visuals 7/10Yes there are a lot of very impressive effects in this movie.. the tractor flipping being one.. and the whole opening sequence.. but again where have we not seen any of this before in a michael bay project or hell even the die hard movies? There is no signature to the cinematography and nothing which sets it apart from any other big budget Hollywood movie. Id say the most stand out moment of the entire thing was seeing harvey dent's face after the accident.3. Characters 2/10OK if hear a Batman talk like that again I swear im going to walk out of the theatre, What a horrible horrible disaster . Christian Bale sounded like he had one of his batarangs stuck in his throat. I don't know who decided on this plot device but it was a mistake. I don't remember any of this in Batman Begins and imo it really brought the project as a whole down. Heath Ledger was OK. Whenever an actor passes away prior to the release of his film of course there will be a strong tendency to have a biased opinion to how great he was. It really felt like he was overdoing it. If he took his acting down a notch I think his vision of the joker would have been much more believable. And possibly shooed him in for an Oscar nod. About the only really believable character in the film was Gary Oldman's "Jim Gordon" But than again anything he does his great.4. Overall 5/10A good action movie... But seriously overrated. 007 in a Bat Costume. PS#4 currently on the IMDb top100? Someone's getting paid. "Batman: The Dark Knight" is a tacky, trashy, mindless, ultra violent piece of garbage. It will bore anyone with a mature mind. "The Dark Knight" consists of one sadistic, pointlessly violent scene after another. There is no point to these scenes except to extract money from the pockets of teenage boys who have had no experience of real life. "The Dark Knight" is a drug. It pushes violence and sadism. That's it. That's what you get for your ten bucks."The Dark Knight" is a sick product of a sick system. What's the difference between a blockbuster death-fest like this, and an act of actual terrorism? How many deaths do films like this contribute to? How much suffering? Pointless, ugly, violent, sadistic movies peddle violence as the drug of choice to mindless consumer hoards who lack discrimination, life experience, wisdom or balance.Teenage boys who spend all their time playing video games and having no experience of three-dimensional reality see a movie like this and conclude that the world is like this: cool criminals torture passive victims and meet no resistance. Hey, Thanks, Hollywood, for flushing your refuse into young male minds. Ka-ching. How much more violent and sadistic will such films have to be in the future to make that cash register sing? Let's up the ante.The Plot? Heath Ledger puts on a ridiculous series of ticks, costumes and make-up and tries really hard to get taken seriously as a master criminal / master actor. There is no real performance there because there is no real life there. In one scene, Ledger, a slight young man, murders a very large, muscular, professional criminal, and a black man – white supremacists will like that part – with a pencil. No. In real life that would not happen. Nor, in real life, would a man who shoots his every accomplice be able to do pull off any of the stunts ledger does in this film.The movie is utterly implausible. This won't matter to its fans, who talk only to other fans who worship films like this as they do. In their solipsistic, computer-generated echo chamber, "The Dark Knight" is the greatest film ever made. These fans have little contact with anyone not exactly like themselves, and can't see any flaws in their judgment. Though saturated in violence, these fans can't even see why a skinny guy like Ledger murdering a muscular, hardened criminal with a pencil is a silly, nasty, scene that exists only to up the sadism ante, not to have any relationship with reality. Though saturated in violence, these fans would panic at the merest contact with the real world, with the real violence occurring in places like Iraq, or federal prisons.Christian Bale is an interesting actor and was fun to watch in the previous batman. He's hardly on screen here. There is nothing interesting about the sets or costumes, and as for the special effects, how many chase scenes and big explosions have been on screen recently? Nothing new. Nothing interesting. The intelligent viewer will move along, or simply select a better film. The Dark Knight is not a good movie, by any measure. I will now proceed to provide reasons for this statement, in the process of which SPOILERS will abound.In this film Batman (The Batman, as the characters refer to him) possesses superpowers rivaled only by Superman: he bends gun barrels using his bare hand (yes, only one hand) and falls from ridiculous heights, not deploying his cape, and lands without as much as a scratch to his body. The Batman is apparently not aware that it is not the fall that kills you, it is the quick acceleration at the end, and no matter the quality of the Batsuit, that acceleration cannot be reduced.On the other hand, his kevlar Batsuit which, evidently, is impervious to bullets of small hand guns fired at close range, is unable to withstand dog bites.The Joker, whose obvious insanity is the only light of the movie, is well-played by Ledger who flares with his eyes and mouth to give him an almost rabid portrayal, but other than being a dark menace to society, his odd manners and, at one time, drag outfit, provide comedic relief in the film.Apart from being just a regular killing maniac, he also possesses superpowers of his own: in the film, he is depicted with an apparent and sporadic invisibility to police forces. That they do not notice his deformed face without make-up in their own ranks during a salute may be pardonable, but when blowing up an apparently unsurveilled hospital on prior warning and then leaving, in full make-up, in a school bus (his escape vehicle of choice, also from bank raids), his failed apprehension seems unpardonable. Unless, of course, all the cops had their lunch break, as the sun indicates it is around noon.The plot is so thin at times, you expect it to crack at any moment. It is like there are many small plots, in all of which Batman, the purported main character, plays but a small role. Whatever the Joker has been doing all his life, before going on a murder spree, is pardonable to omit, but when he breaks into Bruce Wayne's penthouse (probably using his cloaking capabilities), the same locale that a few scenes later will be referred to as "the safest place in town" by the same person who was tossed out a window during this same brief encounter, it is an interesting question just how the maniac and his armed gang are persuaded to leave the party full of Gotham's economic elite, something they must have done without causing much further harm as it goes largely unnoticed by the other characters.Batman speaks with a deathly voice, that is so ghoulish it could scare off any foe, would he just make more use of it against his enemies, and not blather like that to his friends. That he finally tracks the Joker down, is not due to any superior detective skills, as he gets good help from prying on all of Gotham's mobile phones that he immorally and secretly has replaced with his own brand, all in one night's work. More ridiculous plot element is hard to come by. Although suffering from a muddled plot, ill-defined characters, a typically uncharismatic performance by Christian Bale, and a lack of energy, The Dark Knight proved to be on of 2008's greatest commercial and critical successes.The fact that this film is in the Top Ten list tells me two things: 1) Most of the people who rated this highly are either 10-year-olds or adults with the attention span of 10-year-olds. I do not mean to offend all 10-year-olds, because there are some rare exceptions. But, you can catch my drift.2) People who rated this highly have not seen many of the other, better films on this list. They have nothing to compare The Dark Knight to.Anyway, I just hope this film's current standing sinks down far below the 250 mark. There is not really any reasonable explanation why there are so many junk movies with ratings over 8 in IMDb except the fact that unfortunately we are living in the age of materialism and total commercialism. Before mentioning anything about The Dark Knight itself I should point out that the movie business started as an experiment and furthermore, it was (and I hope it still is) art. If you are a part of the lucky people that had the chance to watch old movies (starting from the early 1900s) then you probably have noticed that despite the bad quality the technique and the style of directing, cinematography, acting and "special effects" are fascinating. They are modern, sincere, effective, touching. That's where art starts and flourishes. However, if you take all the pointed out and replace them with high quality computer effects, deafening soundtrack, good looking actors, banal plot and the appealing to the masses simple conflict of Good vs Bad; well, here is where commercialism begins its unstoppable brainwashing system. The Dark Knight fits exactly the formula. Nothing more to say. To those who agree: There are still some great new movies coming out. It just takes time to find them. Don't be discouraged by the overwhelming amount of junk films. To those who disagree: Well, consider watching Casablanca, Silence of the Lambs, Amadeus, Star Wars :p, etc? To those who don't take a side: Now is the time to do so. To Heath Ledger: You were just great and sorry to know this was the last time to see you. [17 June 2009]Later ... Here now as I watched the film for a second time so that I would be entirely fair in my judgment I realized that 8/10 is a fair rating BUT and only BUT when The Dark Knight is rated on a different scale such as "Top movies based on a comics". And what is a comics other than a combination of a simple plot, good vs evil, black and white characters, lots of action? The end. When a movie has nothing more to add - no fair character development/acting, no original twists in the chain of events, no unique directing techniques... then one cannot give it more than 5/10. And since the IMDb has a great image the only way users can help keeping it safe and sound is by taking a little more seriously their voting rights. [30 June 2009] As a guy who loves the Batman Character and used to own a chain of comics stores in the late 80's through the 90's I found the new Batman film to be abominable. The handling of the Batman character was the worst I have ever seen, and I say that being someone who hates all of the other Batman Movies (with the exception of Batman Begins). It was a classic modern tearing down of an iconoclastic hero that was less realistic than it's printed counterpart. The Batman character would never consider revealing his identity to appease the Joker, because he understands that you cannot appease pure evil. He would instead redouble his efforts to find the Joker, not eating or sleeping until he did. The Batman of the comics is a detective who uses classical detecting techniques, coupled with a healthy dose of bruised knuckles as he harasses the underworld to find his query. In other words he uses no shortcuts he works hard.Hollywood used the opportunity to make a political statement, having Batman build a machine that taps into every cell phone in Gotham City, allowing for the altruistic Lucius Foxx character to opine about this act of immorality. A none to subtle swipe at the Bush administration. Then you have Harvey Dent (Two Face) who as the DA of Gotham, is described by Batman as "the best of us all" killing two dirty cops, and to save the fragile collective psyche of Gotham City, Batman takes the blame for the deaths of the cops. Why it would not make more since to simply reveal to the public that Harvey Dent went Coo Coo after the death of the women he loved, as a result of another act of murder perpetrated by the Joker, with the help of the aforementioned dirty cops and the trauma of being disfigured, is beyond me. Save that it fits into the paradigm of liberal thought that the people are to be protected from the grim reality of the world. Better to tear down the real hero of the saga and have him chased by the police. Keep in mind that the film establishes that the villains of Gotham know from experience that Batman will not cross the line and kill the worst of them. but we are supposed to believe that the public of Gotham will swallow that Batman would kill two innocent cops. WOW!Batman is a character who is truly good, and he has been tarnished by this film. In a world where Superman in his last film was reduced to a peeping tom hero with a babies mama. Psychopaths like Marvels Wolverine and the Punisher are hailed as modern heroes. A world where so many young people leave the theater declaring how cool Heath Ledger is as the Joker and not how scary the character is, I find that world tragic. As one of our old comic shop patrons used to say:"Give me the days when a hero had a letter on his chest, a magic word, a cape and a pet or side kick. A hero that fought the bad guys because he was good and they were bad and they needed their a$$e$ kicked. Let justice be done. There is nothing special about this movie. Period. Nothiing special. It tries on so many levels to be this big mega movie, and in financial terms, it was, but you know what? It's still not good, no matter how many fans it has, no matter how much money it pulls in. Those are just figures and numbers, and they're quite boring in the long run. Let's go over a few reasons why it was not good. First off, the story bites off way more than is necessary. We have Bruce Wayne in this ridiculous attempt to win back a woman he'll never have the chance to be with. The woman he is in love with prances around like a little school girl, and really has no business being in the story to begin with. She is just there to make both Batman and Harvey Dent rival each other. I'm so sure that the writers could have come up with a better plan to pit the two against each other than that. Then, there's the Joker...the most ridiculous part of the story. Ridiculous because of the lengths and the means that the filmmakers took to bring a new kind of villain. It's not entertaining, it's not disturbing, it's just sick. This movie was not fun. It was not entertaining. It was a product for the mindless audiences who were going to buy into it anyway, and especially because of the death of Heath edger. Let's talk a little about that. This film had success that rode the curtail of Ledgers death. The studio deliberately used the poor suffering of a human being to push a film into exhibition. That's really sad, and you know what else? It's all this film will ever be...the last film of Heath Ledger, and America went to see it because he died before it's release. sad. Really sad. I didn't like it, and I bet others will not like me for that very reason. Even more sad still. "The Dark Knight" is one of the worst films I have ever seen. I've disliked most of Christopher Nolan's prior work, but was willing to be converted, and the rave reviews psyched me up.Drained of humor (even black), plot less, structurally inept, poorly shot, one-third of the movie coming across as a Pierce Brosnan Bond movie (Bale even goes into Bond autopilot without noticing), Nolan hasn't a clue how to make pictures or what makes humans tick, and I wish the undeserved hype around him as a director ended now. Ledger is dreadful, but the poor chap's role is so wretchedly written that his character never stands a chance. Not to mention Nolan's amateurish decision to make Ledger copy Vincent Price's "Thriller" voice, undermining any authority the character is supposed to have. By attempting to ground the Batman mythology in contemporary reality, it just comes across as plain silly. Nolan makes films for technology age emotionless drudges hiding their lack of self-esteem and identity crises behind a mask of hipness and faux-aggression. By going to see "The Dark Knight", Nolan is dictating to them that they are cool and superior. That the film is a horrible, poorly made, highly manipulative piece of work, is irrelevant. The protagonist is boring, his Batman voice makes it impossible to take him seriously, he kills two people despite his no-killing rule being a major plot point, the villain makes no sense, the plot is riddled with holes big enough to see from orbit, and the action and editing are objectively terrible, to the point that basic spatial consistency does not exist. But worst of all, the film promotes a clear authoritarian message, with the protagonist indulging in torture, mass surveillance, and openly admitting that lying to the people is a-okay.The only good things about the film are the music and Ledger's entertaining performance.There is no defending this film. Do not even try. Review of one of the most surprising let downs follows. There are no spoilers, the film spoils itself enough...It's fair to say that prior to this film coming out I had concerns over the use of the Joker in this film. Concerns that only got more pronounced when I'd heard they cast Health Ledger in the role. Then I saw Brokeback Mountain and I became convinced that actually the guy had a raw talent and that maybe, just maybe, he could pull it off. Until the trailer came out and I was immediately concerned again. So how was Heath? Neither good nor bad. He was a live wire, and gleefully unpredictable and a shambolic, almost serpentine presence at points. But it wasn't spectacular. Talks of post-humous Oscar nods though are an exceptional exaggeration and unfortunately I believe this to be motivated by grief for Ledger.Aaron Ekhart's not bad, but I'm not really sure anyone knew why he was really there. I did NOT believe in Harvey Dent. Maggie Gyllenhaal was awful. It is a terrifying thing to say that Katie Holmes was better. You actually have your fingers crossed that someone will kill her right from the start. Morgan Freeman has a couple of nice moments but despite being given more screen time he contributes very little. Same with Gary Oldman. Seriously - what happened? Even Christian Bale seems to have lost a sense of what he's doing, Batman's voice getting ever closer to sounding like Rod Stewart's singing voice that at times I couldn't take it seriously, assuming you can make out what he's saying at all! It's difficult to comprehend that the same cast is in this film and Batman Begins, they really don't stack up side by side at all. Everone feels wasted.The Dark Knight is over long, it takes forever to really get any momentum going and then at the point you think it's starting it fails to launch. There are set pieces that don't really hang together and if you think about any of them for too long (which you will, as it does tend to drag) you'll find that they don't all make sense. One of the things that made Batman Begins so strong was a sense of realism - even going to great lengths to try to rationalize the ridiculous (a man dressed as a bat....). Tragically, The Dark Knight seems to have forgotten this entirely. Yes the Joker is larger than life but does that explain the obviously CGI enhanced stupid moments such as the Bat Pod cycling up a wall to flip over? There are too many of these moments - turning every cell phone into a sonar transponder in order to trace the Joker. Um? What? Also EVERYONE felt very written. Everyone's dialogue seemed to be furthering the plot rather than sounding like anything approaching reality. Michael Cain turns into Aunt May giving twee and convenient platitudes and nothing else - there's no sense of connection between him and anyone else. Gyllenhaal - even managing to leave twee and convenient letters to be read at twee and convenient moments. Aaron Ekhart seems to basically behave like a character bio rather than feeling terribly real and the whole descent into Two-Face thing STILL doesn't work.If you loved Batman Begins (and I did) you won't love this I'm afraid. You may not hate it, but I don't think you'll be impressed. I hope to watch this again at some point when the let down has passed me by and I'll hopefully enjoy it a bit more. There are three recent films I've been to see I had low expectations for - Iron Man, The Incredible Hulk and The Dark Knight. The first two surprised me and exceeded my expectations. The latter has left me feeling a bit flat. I'm just very disappointed, Batman Begins set a very high mark. The Dark Knight by comparison is almost worth avoiding. This is one of the worst films I have ever seen. The actors are good, as is the cinematography and the editing, but that's that. The script is a bunch of completely rubbish lines with no real meaning and special effects that have been done thousands of times and aren't interesting enough to keep our attention. The score is distracting.The villain is the most implausible villain I have ever seen. People who do evil things have purposes, the Joker doesn't have any. Even if there was a person like that, s/he wouldn't be able to have minions, because that kind of madness isn't a shared one. People kill for power or revenge, (or money, which is another type of power), basically. They have to have a purpose to unite and do evil things. All of the BS the joker said about evil and good completely miss the point about good, evil and humanity. They simply don't make sense.And what makes me furious is the fact that a lot of intelligent (or at least more or less intelligent) people are quoting those lines as if they meant anything. They don't. And they aren't even entertaining. Is this what now passes for entertainment? Can this really be compared for depth and breadth with other generally highly-rated movies such as the Godfather, Casablanca or even Star Wars? Many of the IMDb top movies deal with the good old battle between good and evil and the world-weariness of the hero or anti-hero, but this film lands far short of the mark in both character and plot development, not to mention script, acting, screenplay or any of the other attributes of a movie that might be worthy of commendation.The purity of the comic book origins of this piece are thoroughly distorted and turned into an incoherent muddle - almost any James Bond movie has a great deal more tension, humour, conviction and morality than this mess of a movie. On the other hand, if there's a serious message in The Dark Knight, I missed it, as I suspect will thousands of others. As a Batman flick, it simply doesn't deliver anything like the expectations; at yet another level as a post-9/11, human-condition, search-for-identity movie it also fails - however you want to see it, it fails on a grandiose scale.For some of who do not live in the in the US, The Dark Knight has the potential to appear as little more than an appalling piece of hyped-up propaganda for a moribund social policy that permits and legitimises evil, mayhem and general wrongdoing and unpleasantness on a colossal scale in the pursuit of defeating the threats against society.I've had more fun at the cinema studying the architecture. Another example of an over-hyped movie, but now in extreme. To say this piece of junk should be regarded as the best movie of 2008 is ridiculous. Basicaly it is just another movie about a man in a bat-suit who duels for more than 2 hours with another badman with a painted smile, and in the process some quasi profound remarks are exchanged. No humor in sight to make the movie better digestible.Big budget, good actors and some clever make-up artists are no guarantee for a good movie. In this case it resulted in a very boring one.As for the so-called performance of the year by Ledger; he is (was) a very good actor but this one-dimensional role is far from being special, but I guess the Oscar will be his, Nil nisi bonum.Why this movie should be on par with, or far better than true masterpieces like the Godfather 1&2 and Vertigo is beyond belief. I may run out of words to end with "less". Mindless, witless, a view of the world that's hopeless. Horrible acting, writing, editing, lighting and music. I've seen it all before only done better. Nicholson's turn at Joker was far, far superior. Ledger? Mirthless, just a distracting concoction of tics. Bale? Who knows? His augmented voice and masked face made his 2-dimensional performance meaningless. Dent? What a horrible performance, something you'd see on "Knot's Landing". Where have we come as a society? Kubrick made "A Clockwork Orange" in '71, a devilishly clever, mean and stylish film that pushed the limits when it came to on-screen violence. His young monster, Alex, played by the brilliant Malcolm MacDowell, was a thing to behold. Now we have families taking their kids to the '08 version of ultraviolence and yukking it up. The dark night of America film-making is more like it. Are we really this numb, are we really this nihilistic? The worst film i have seen this year. Its so Boring. I think it got good reviews because heath ledger died and that was a tribute to him. Batman is crap, the joker is average. The first Batman with Jack Nicholas as the joker is 1000 times better, that was excellent, this was dire and boring. Beware, batman fans are just going over the top for this heap of rubbish. The film is so predictable because you know what happens. I think that gadgets were not that good and the actors were not that good. I was expecting this to be great but as with all films with far too much hype i was waiting for the good bit. After an hour i was still waiting. After 2 i thought this is so dull and it wasn't going anywhere. I love good films eg Iron Man, Lord Of Rings, Indianna Jones, Shawshank Redemption, Star Wars. This is a classic by no means. 