A real disappointment and a waste of time. I was real stupid and bought this movie on video just to see if it was as good as some newspapers said. The real humans in this movie seems as much as aliens as the aliens do. The acting was just OK, the story never really took off, the special effects was not as good as I had expected and it never became funny. I sat waiting for something that never came in this film.Boring, stupid and overrated. (1 out of 10) I do think that Will Smith and Tommy lee Jones are good actors but they definitely did this movie for the big pay check  The story was silly.The special effects were over done. I rented this movie on video  and turned it off half way through..one of my least favorite  movies of all time. I simply must disagree with John Ulmer. I found this movie to be basically a mindless morass of stunts and special effects barely joined together by a threadbare semblance of a plot. It's a real shame to see Tommy Lee Jones underselling himself again by appearing in this. 'Nuff said. Strike one for Will Smith (Strikes two, three, four, and five being WILD WILD WEST.) Okay, the premise isn't too hot, but it has a little potential. The actors are gold, and the director is good, but the movie falls flat on it's face. The jokes fail miserably, and thus the film goes down in flames. Will Smith has awful lines, and Tommy's deadpan doesn't work. The non-cgi effects are good, but this movie sports some of the most god-awful computer imagery in major motion picture history. The lack-luster premise, the dull performances, the poor sfx, the misfired jokes (BLANKMAN at least made me laugh at one point, this movie did not) and the unusual directing style meld together to make a big pile of c**p. Someone call Will Smith's agent, and someone get a pooper-scooper. This cinematic abomination is without a doubt the most overrated movie of all time. It would have failed at the box office had it not had Will Smith's name on it. Yet another movie that sounds far better than it is. This movie wastes both the talents of the cast and the viewers time. I don't know what Barry Sonnenfeld was thinking but it didn't come out on film. There wasn't a laugh to be found, and the action was so cartoonish that even the people who decry any violence in the media would have a hard time moaning about what was here. A very big stinkbomb of a movie. Too bad I can't rate lower than a one. This has to be one of the worst pieces of garbage I have ever seen.  I find it insulting that someone would actually consider this "sci-fi."
Terrible story with bad acting, bad dialog, and bad directing.  This movie is WAAAAYYYYY over rated.  The only reason it did so well at the box office is because people wanted to know what it was all about.   Call me psychic but somehow I just knew Men in Black 2 would be a bomb!  Just like I predict Charlies Angels 2 will be a bomb.**Potential Spoiler**What was up with the cockroach thing?  Did that make sense to anyone?  A dead guy being guided by alien cockroaches, puleeeze.  Not to mention he gains 50 times more mass than the body could hold after becoming super cockroach at the end.Just an all around terrible piece of garbage that I recommend everyone avoid. This has to be one of the worst movies ever.The actors talents are wasted in this film.The special effects aren't bad,but the plot was hopeless.All i have to say is don't watch this movie, even if you feel bored. After Men in Black - there can only be made better films. Movies aren't about special effects or about publicity. This film had a vaudevillian,somehow tedious yet raucous mindlessness to it so powerful,that even though the sound was up to about 90 db's in the theatre,I still managed to catch some much needed shut-eye.Because of all the ensuing buzz surrounding this film,I thought it only fair to give it another crack at a 2nd run theatre,and lo and behold,it still sucked.The broad,techno-slapstick stuff runs so empty,at least it reminded me to go get my free refill of pop up at the snack counter.I think maybe the bottom line is that Barry Sonnenfeld isn't funny,and that the film is aimed at the 7-15 year old market.Sorry. A boy of interest was coming over and this was one of the first things that came up when i clicked on Action/adventure on Netflix, I decided this would be a good one considering most people think it's an oldie but a goodie... WRONG!!!!!!!!! It was the most awkward beginning to anything EVER the intro feels like it's an hour long of just following a bug around random places.. not ideal for the first "hangout" with a person of interest. This movie made my experience in the beginning a very awkward occasion and I am not pleased. Thank you and goodbye I hope you netflix and chillers learn from my experience 