One of the worst films I have ever seen. Every single scene was flawed and had errors. From beginning to end the movie had mistake after mistake. Now most movies have one or two mistakes and you just over look it but when it happens in every scene of the movie, you can't just wave it to one side.For example, when Bond leaves the London underground and starts running to save M. Here we have TWO errors. Firstly, M does not do MP's committee meetings and secondly, why does Bond run half way across London to get to her? Why not stop one of the police officer's to either drive him or to give him the car? There are so many errors, like I already said in EVERY single scene of the movie.Few others that I still remember are such as the opening scene, why does Eve who just mistakenly shot Bond with an automatic rifle not then open fire on the bad guy? How did Bond even survive such a drop? How did he end up in the arms of a beautiful woman on a beach? How did Eve even miss shooting him jumping on the train earlier? Why did the bad guy who had an automatic pistol and had Bond pinned down behind a wooden market stall decide to jump on a motorbike rather than to kill him? Why did the police bikers even drive straight towards a man firing a weapon? How did Eve even turn up with a vehicle just as Bond left the building? So many errors and so many gaps and that's just the first 8 minutes! I can go on and on and on. EVERY scene had massive errors, Even the Aston Martin DB5 scene, how comes Bond has it? Why would he even run away with M and get her killed? Are the SAS on strike? How did Bond leave the casino in Macau after killing 3 bodyguards? Does a large casino only have 3 security guards? Why even would they fight? Surely they would have just shot him as soon as he enters the casino? Javier Bardem's baddie character was ridiculous and comical. It was totally unbelievable, even an 8 year old wouldn't believe the storyline. Poor acting and the camp/gay innuendos were painful to watch. I couldn't believe what I was watching.This was an appalling movie. It relied on Judi Dench to hold it all together. Sadly I am not able to give it a 0 so I will give it 1/10. No action in the movie what so ever after the opening scene. Two men hugging on top of a train has been done so many times. Pathetic movie and the only people who will enjoy this are the brain dead. Shame on critics who were saying this was the best Bond movie ever, you should be ashamed of yourselves.I used to like Daniel Craig as Bond but thanks to this movie I now dislike him too. Well done to Sam Mendes and Co, it takes a certain amount of talent or the lack of it to single handedly destroy Bond. The hero in this movie was the final credits, the real baddie in this movie was the man behind the camera. There are so many things wrong with this movie. Most of the elements of a good Bond movie aren't there.The locations aren't well used. The Istanbul roof top & Bazaar chase has already been shown in "Taken 2" and the TV show "Missing". Dejavu. The way they showed 'Shanghai' and 'Macau' at night it could have been filmed anywhere. The Scottish countryside shown was so grim.Where are the cars and gadgets? Nothing but the old Aston Martin. Just that pistol and tracker. The new Q is so ineffective. The villain played by Javier Bardem. He is more comical than sinister. With the blond fright wig, the campy overtures and the most frightening of all, the dentures this must the most absurd bad guy in Bond history.The climax feels cheap and conventional. They must have run out of money for the second half. Such a stupid idea to bring M to that run down Scottish house. With the home made defences and geriatric defenders, it felt like Home Alone meets the Golden Girls. Might as well have asked Betty White or grandma to join in. The new Bond girl Berenice Marlohe is exotic and fascinating to look at. But why only one? Writing her out of the show so early and not having another was a mistake. The Bond girl is supposed to end up saved by Bond with a hook up at the end. Unless you consider M a Bond girl.The focus of the movie is M. Judi Dench was always too provincial looking for MI6. The only good thing about this movie is that Ralph Fiennes is replacing her. Finally. There was no need to dedicate a whole movie to her farewell. Daniel Craig is just so haggard he looks worse than the villain. It's time to replace him with someone younger and handsomer. Baffled by the good reviews. Be warned we are being short changed. Like thousands of others I am a Bond fan and although we all have differing views on what Bond should be, we all expect a good Bond movie to be an escape from our day to day lives. A glamorous life full of suspense and intrigue. Skyfall has no suspense, intrigue or glamour (save for Berenice) and as such is not escapism and not a 'Bond film'. Casino Royale was a Bond film and a very good one at that, so this mess isn't Craig's fault.Like others I also saw terrible sets especially Skyfall Lodge which looked like something from a sixties TV series, crossroads or it's a knockout!Also I noticed clear as day Craig's stuntman on several occasions, completely ruining for me the roof top motorbike chase. Continuity errors all over the place not worthy of a Bond film from any era.Q was miscast and his specs were embarrassing, all wrong wrong wrong.The new Moneypenny should never sleep with Bond and Naomie Harris cannot act to save herself.Berenice Marlohe is amazing, an incredible actress and totally stunning. My one point out of ten is all for her!Another weird thing about this Bond.....nobody mentions 'Britain' only 'England' - is this a future proofed Bond ready for Scottish independence?! England is mentioned several time but not Britain anymore even though we saw union jacks but no George flag. A small point to some but a major puzzle to some, what is this all about?Never ever did I have all these concerns watching a Bourne movie or even the brilliant TV series Homeland, in these productions you never stop to think 'this isn't real' because it is all done so well that you just get wrapped up in it all. Not so this film for me, so so many errors that I couldn't wait to get out of the cinema. Above all this film bored me and depressed me, something I have never said about any Bond film before, not even Q of Solace.The real puzzle for me is who likes it? My straw poll of 11 people has brought up 8 who disliked it and felt tricked, with the rest not bothered either way so how come all the hype? How come all the glowing professional reviews? It's almost 'the king has no clothes' situation isn't it? Or maybe all the pro UK stuff in our Olympic year of celebration has made everyone lose their objectiveness.Either way I have yet to meet anyone who thought this was a great movie. Let's be honest here, most Bond movies are tongue-in-cheek and pretty stupid and that's part of it's appeal. It's a fantasy world of beautiful women, gadgets, real stunts and cheesy one-liners but this so called "Real Bond" doesn't work for me. Were Pierce Brosnan, Roger Moore and Sean Connery cyborg robots? I must have missed something.Bond movies have their own style and special formula with the usual ingredients, similar to a Big Mac. In fact, others have made a very good living copying Bond, from Austin Powers, Johnny English, Spy Hard, Ispy and many more. But how do you copy this movie? It was like watching a straight-to-DVD Steven Seagal movie. Dare I even say worse than a Seagal movie.Now most 'professional' film critics will say this is the 'best Bond movie ever' so that they can kiss butt to get more free tickets and invites to premieres, none of them are going to be honest. So as an average movie goer who has to pay to see the film I expect my money's worth. This movie was like paying for a Big Mac but just getting the bun and nothing in the middle.Skyfall (or as I not-so-cleverly renamed it Skyfail) was boring from the beginning to the near end, only part I enjoyed was Bond in the very end. The cold and bleak landscape of Scotland was perfect for Bond. Unfortunately, the other characters at the end bored me. The baddie arrives in a military type helicopter with John Lee Hooker's Boom Boom blasted out from a speaker which was brilliant but where did he get it from? Surely they aren't available on ebay, are they? Most people will say they enjoyed the opening scene which in time they will probably realise was pretty awful and rather boring. An Audi slides on its side a few yards and somehow re-rights itself. With just a minor scratch on it, this is the 'action scene'. My teenager son causes more damage to his car on a Friday night. The Bikes even drive pass the same place twice which is unforgivable in any movie.The Bond girls in Casino Royale (Eva Green and Caterina Murino) were gorgeous by anyone's standards but since then the Bond girls have been rather rough looking.You don't get your money's worth in this movie nor do you see anything new. All you get is a director who thinks he knows best how to make a Bond movie and that the tried and tested formula is somehow wrong. We live in a tech world, the information age, but somehow Bond who has always been ahead in the tech department has now been left behind. He seems more interested in drinking and gambling than saving the world with a toaster that can turn into a 'Little Nellie'Oh, how i miss you 007!As a child, growing up with Bond I had the toys, The sleek silver DB5 with the ejector seat and the white Lotus that was a necessity come bath time. What do the kids now have from Bond I wonder? Gambling chips? Or some video game which is more violent than the movie?It would have been nice to see a Bond movie on its 50th anniversary going all out with major action sequences as you would expect in an action movie such as Mission Impossible, Bourne or even a Terminator movie. Instead we are spoon fed a "Downton Abbey" version of Bond, we definitely had the cast all that was missing were the costumes.The cast: Daniel Craig and his potato-field-like face looked more like Bond in this movie than the previous two. Javier Bardem was a let down and looked like a 70s porn director. Judi Dench gets to swear again, somehow they think it's cool to have an acclaimed actor swearing. Ralph Fiennes thought this was a WWII movie, all that was missing was his German SS costume, Naomie Harris has no real input, she's just chucked in to the grinder to appeal to a wider audience. Berenice Marlohe was somehow weaved into the story to let Bond order a drink and have sex, Albert Finney plays a Scot as bad as I would, Ola Rapace gets his part thanks to his real life wife and Ben Whishaw tries hard to play a geek with the usual geeky stereotype but ends up releasing the villain from his fish tank. Believe it or not but Q used to be intelligent... that's how he got a job at the Military Intelligence Department.In my opinion, a Bond movie should look and feel like a... dare I say it,... a Bond movie. This was sadly a poor scripted, a poor acted and a poor attempt at making an action movie. In time this movie will go down as the worst Bond movie but right now the hype around it is causing a smoke screen. (That's how Bond saves M. Somehow the baddie shoots a few rounds at M and then out of nowhere decides to leave after going to all that trouble in finding her!). Albert Broccoli and Ian Fleming must be turning in their graves. It took 50 years for some sorry excuse of a director who thinks he's an artist of some sort to ruin it. Very sad time for Bond fans. A disappointment as a Bond movie or even a stand alone movie.I give it a 1 for the helicopter scene and thank you Mr Hooker for waking me up.Don't try to reinvent the Big Mac by taking the meat out of it. I have been a James Bond fan for years, but this movie was just badly bolted together. Why?1. How did Eve, who was chasing the train in the truck and barely keeping up, suddenly get two or three minutes ahead of the train in time to set up for when it emerged from the tunnel? The timing simply doesn't work. 2. M orders Eve to "take the shot" three times. Bond heard them, and Eve's complaint that the shot wasn't clean. So why didn't Bond simply drop to the roof of the car and let her have the shot? If she missed, he could easily resume his fight in the next tunnel. 3. Why didn't Eve take a second shot at the henchman on the roof of the train after she shot Bond? The henchman had enough time to turn to her and all but wave a 'thank you', yet she didn't bother. 4. Bond survives the fall from the train how exactly? He is on the roof of a train moving at approximately 40mph when he is shot, catapulted backward, and falls hundreds of feet into a river. Because he is unconscious, he can not enter the water at a safe angle, and should have been killed. As if this isn't bad enough, the unconscious Bond is then swept over a high waterfall. The title sequences explain nothing of his escape, and when they end, Bond is in a hut on the beach bedding some girl. Not explaining his survival is a critical error which borders on ludicrous, yet somehow the audience is meant to take it all seriously. 5. It is clear that Eve is a poor field agent. Later, Bond suggests that she simply doesn't belong in the field. However, this raises the question: how did she acquire field agent status to begin with? 6. Bond always attempts to keep collateral damage amongst civilians to a minimum, and protects the defenseless. However in this film, he allows the villains to do their dirty work before he intervenes. 7. To this Bond, as developed in the last two films, women quickly became anything but 'disposable pleasures'. The death of Vesper Lynd in Casino Royale was a terrific trauma; when Ms. Fields is killed in Quantum, he is again visibly angry. However, in Skyfall Bond not only makes no attempt to save Sévérine (not even attempting to fight the henchmen to provide a distraction until the backup he knows is en route arrives), but he shows absolutely no glimmer of distress over her death. In fact, his first response is a fast, and badly delivered, quip about it being a 'waste of good Scotch.' 8. Silva had tried to take his own life by a hydrogen cyanide pill. Instead of killing him, he merely felt a burning sensation and had most of his teeth and jaw fell off. Such 'suicide pills' kill; they do not merely give one a little heartburn and bad teeth. 9. What was the point of Silva setting up his own arrest? Ostensibly, it is so that he can talk to M one last time. But why not just travel to London, abduct M from the hearing, and talk to her before doing her in? 10. If Q was good enough to have invented the security on Silva's computer, how was it that he was unable to stop it from freeing Silva? 11. How did Silva know that within just a few seconds of the blast an empty train would be coming through to conveniently fall on and crush Bond, allowing him to escape? 12. The 1964 Aston Martin made its triumphant return in this film, but unfortunately it did so in a way that created continuity errors and glaring reboot issues. It is not a 'company car,' so it must be the same Aston Martin that Bond won from Dimitrios playing cards in Casino Royale. However, it has all of the Q-branch add-ons from Goldfinger If this had been Dimitrios' car, why did it have the Goldfinger configuration from Q Branch? This thoroughly wrecked the film's continuity with the reboot. 13. What was the purpose of taking M to Skyfall? In the film, it is openly suggested that the plan is a trap to catch Silva, with M serving as the bait. However, if it is a trap, one would expect Bond to create a scenario where they would have a significant advantage. It is poorly explained why he doesn't want backup (he depended on them for extraction from Silva's island); he also takes no weaponry with them. Instead, the unlikely trio is forced to create a "Home Alone" style defense of Skyfall which is doomed to failure before it even begins 14. Why did the monk's tunnel lead, not all the way to the chapel, but into the middle of the moor? A half-tunnel is barely worth the effort to build. 15. When M and Kincade enter the tunnel to leave the house, Kincade closes and locks the door from the other side. Yet, when Bond decides to leave, he has no difficulty simply opening the door. 16. Why would M and Kincade, while secretly fleeing the attack through the moor in the middle of the night, use a flashlight to illuminate their path? This could only be a dead giveaway of their position to Silva and his henchmen. Why not just pull out a Las Vegas-style neon sign and have M cry out from the moor: "Oh, Silva, come and get us!" 17. Silva's death scene was preposterous, and very nearly Monty Python-esque. Bond stabs Silva in mid-back with a blade; it would have severed the spinal cord, causing instant paralysis before death. Yet Silva bizarrely laughs and staggers toward Bond. 18. There were many continuity mistakes introduced into the film through sloppy editing (such as M's handbag in Mallory's office).Very badly done film. I saw skyfall today and found it to very boring and predictable.The movie theme was not like a bond movie at all but a typical revenge drama. Didn't the bond team learn anything from the quantum of solace?The movie was so predictable1. The guy would have planned his capture just to get inside the HQ.2. Bond cuts out a bullet (terminator style) from his body and they immediately narrow down 3 people in the world who use such bullets and first one on the computer screen is the culprit. Too luckily for MI6, the Americans already know that he is in Shanghai in next 2 days. Whoa!!!!3. That old puts a knife on the table and says sometimes old fashioned things work the best (and that time everyone knows that the bad guy would get the chop from the knife)4. 20 trained assassins with machine guns and a military helicopter cannot kill a old woman, and old man, and bond armed with 50 year old double barrel gun.5. Villains always waste time blabbering nonsense (like you need to relax and take a breath) when they capture bond ... Giving him to escape.Overall a very pointless and very bad movie which lives upto all the clichés of a bond movie making it highly predictable and boring. This is right up there with Mortal Kombat 2 and 2012 as the worst movies I've sat through in the theater. Nothing made sense and they insulted your intelligence time and time and time again.Spoilers Ahead.The first hour was actually pretty interesting - albeit bizarre. That Bond survived the fall without any explanation was odd but hey, I can live with one miracle resurrection - it's a Bond movie. The sequence in Shanghai was also pretty well done and the silhouette fight was great cinematography - but again - Bond lets the bad guy shoot his target? But who's the target? And if he wanted to trail him to know who he was working for - why would he kill him? But OK, he finds a clue and goes to Macau, where he redeems a chip that obviously isn't for him. So, instead of being interrogated by the Casino staff/thugs - a woman comes up to him and more or less gives up her boss, with her handlers a few feet away. What? OK so then there's an obligatory fight in a kimodo dragon pit, which is short but fun, and then off to Japan's battleship island to meet...possibly the most inconsistently motivated villain of all time.Silva's entrance is menacing, the story about the rats in the barrel is sinister, and he's flamboyant enough to say 'this guy creeps me out'. But he reveals nothing about his operation, and this is the start of where his motivation just dissolves.The first part of the movie is about an agent list and hurting MI6. We learn on the island that he was somehow hurt/betrayed by MI6 and that he wants to share his revenge with Bond, who also, in a very roundabout way, was also betrayed (said he was up to field service when he failed all the tests). Bond of course rejects this offer, and then after a brief fight, has an army come rescue him - because of a radio transmitter. Really? No one searched him before getting on the island? It was in his coat pocket! But OK, we're then learn that M gave Silva up to get some of her agents in return, which really upset Silva. So Silva breaks out of prison in one of the most ludicrous scenes imaginable, and this is where it all starts to go pear shaped.Silva reverse hacks MI6, and he wanted to get captured. Ultimately, he breaks out with armed guards surrounding him with no explanation how that happened. Then he goes through the tunnels of London...to arrive at a tube station with some handguns, and eventually crash a parliamentary meeting and shoot M in the face. But wait - he clearly had a bomb - he blew up a tube line. OK, he wanted her death to be up close and personal. Why not back at MI6? He clearly didn't need to be captured by MI6 to get to the station, and he'd proved earlier that he could hack their most secure networks and gain access. Why not walk right through the front door and put a bullet in her face? But then Bond saves the day and they go off to the Scottish highlands (a nod to Connery being a Scot) to hide/lay a trap. Except - MI6 knows where he's going. Why isn't there an army waiting for Silva when he gets there? Oh but wait, the motivation changes continue! During the house fight scene, Silva's henchmen (and there's NO explanation as to where these guys come from) shoot at M, even hitting her. So, she's either not supposed to be taken alive or Silva's men are idiots. But it gets better! Silva then shows up IN A HELICOPTER. Why? To blow up the house with a 20mm cannon! So, when Silva had ample opportunity to use a bomb, he didn't - he wanted her to know it was him who killed her. Now, he's spraying a house with cannon fire with no idea who or what he's shooting at. So now his motivation is he wants her dead at all costs. In that case, why not bring a few RPGs? or a missile? After all, they did just commandeer a MILITARY HELICOPTER! Of course, Bond survives the house being turned into swiss cheese, blows it up with two sticks of dynamite and compressed propane, and then runs off into the wilderness to save M - but before he does, he gets into one last night and plunges into FROZEN WATER, has a fight underwater for what seemed like a few minutes, then somehow gets out of the water, shrugs off hypothermia with again, NO EXPLANATION, to find Silva confronting M.By now, Silva wants M to help him commit suicide. WHAT? Since when did he have a death wish? Why? Cause he tried to kill himself when he was being tortured and it failed? What's his motivation? Didn't he just try to turn her into Ragu with a 20mm cannon not 10 minutes earlier? Now he wants to die by her hands? And we're supposed to believe this? No. Sorry, but I can only have my intelligence insulted so often. Bond surviving death multiple times with no explanation is insulting. Having Silva's motivation change THREE TIMES is insulting. Having MI6 look like the Keystone Cops is insulting. Foreshadowing EVERY SINGLE TWIST/ELEMENT is insulting. Please, if you don't want your intelligence insulted, DO NOT see this movie. This film effectively kills off the character we all know and love. The plot is shot full of holes, the villain a camp idiot, no Bond girls to speak of, unless sex slaves are your thing (truly vile of Craig not to have objected to that storyline), pointless and seriously unfunny dialogue, unriveting action scenes most of which we've seen done better elsewhere, and telegraphing of practically every prop placement. Oh, wait, there's more: an awful and forgettable Bond film song sung by that large, breathy lady who fudges the top notes and has merely rehashed Goldfinger. And a limp ending. To be fair I liked the opening credits (minus the song) and I thought Bérénice Marlohe acted well, and Ralph Fiennes enunciates well. The shots of London were OK and the skyscraper neon dazzled - even if the plot at that point fell apart faster than the shot glass. I wanted to like this film. I wanted to give the mumbling Craig one last chance, but he just isn't Bond, so what do they do? They write a blancmange Bond so Craig will fit right in. Meanwhile we are left holding ticket stubs asking what was THAT all about? It was about a lot of things that had nothing to do with our James. Almost everything that kept the franchise going for 50 years has been interfered or radically dispensed with on purpose! No gadgets, no credible Bond car (they destroy the iconic one - unsubtle flagging of what they are doing to our Bond?). Moneypenny is now black and totes a gun (I kid you not - how do they explain away her colour? But worse, she is (it's all so wrong!) attractive and (sob) beds Bond - words fail.) Dench's M is, as usual, flat and unconvincing but at least she's out of the next films - a good career move, one that Craig should take. Q is a horrible little boy you can't possibly believe a hacker even if you accept the stupidity of casting Q as one...and with big black glasses? Come on...Maybe Bond should always stay in the 60s, 70s. I mean you don't update Hercule Poirot and have him ponce about in the 21st century. I think they should just stop the Bond farce right now. It can and will only get worse. Agreed, this movie missed the mark....again! I just don't understand how you can screw up a Bond film, especially when you have 20+ others to go off of. This movie shouldn't even be called a Bond film...but instead, it's a Daniel Craig action film, absent the basic ingredient that has made the Bond Character an enormous franchise over the past 50 years..."An International Man of Mystery".If you can't walk out of a Bond film saying: Every man wants to be him, and every woman want to be with him...then take the Bond label off of the movie and call it something else! This film lacks all of the traditional ingredients that make Bond, 007: It doesn't have witty one liners, it barely had any Bond theme music or sound snippets, it doesn't depict 007 as a womanizer, it doesn't have any cool Super Spy Gadgets, and it doesn't even show the cold open animated graphic of 007 walking in to the screen (through the Gun Barrel of his enemy), turning, and shooting, etc, etc...Barbara Broccoli, I once watched an interview where you noted that you're father did not want the Bond Franchise sold to any of the big studios, in fear that they would change the successful recipe that made Bond such a successful over the past 50 years. Well...at this stage, after producing 3 Bond films in a row that resemble all of the other "Spy Want-a-be" movies out there, you might as well...because they couldn't possibly mess it up any more than you already have. I could go on and on, but this review is boring me almost as much as the movie did.1 Star! ...and that's being generous. What a shameless mess of a movie. I loved Casino Royal and was relieved that the Bondfranchise finally seemed to be getting it right again after the embarrassing Pierce Brosnan episode. Casino Royal was a good movie, it was dark, gritty - good acting, good solid action and the plot made sense. Quantum of Solace was not as good, but not bad. This one however is just painfully retarded. It revels in coincidental, stupendous and illogical twists and turns, there's just no sense to it. Just random pretentious bull. Bond should really have died in the first bit. And stayed dead. That would have saved the movie and been the honorable thing to do. Now they just made a disgrace of it all. I am deeply disappointed. Sam Mendes! What happened? American Beauty is one of my favorite movies of all time! How could you? I am sorry to say so, but shame on you! Daniel Craig? You revived 007, rising again like a Phoenix - back into the ashes it is. Talking about a fall from the sky. Javier Bardem - tu quoque? I have never seen Bardem act so badly. It was painful. Was this the same actor that made my blood turn cold in No Country for Old Men? This performance was not even worthy of being compared to the shadow of a fart of the character in that movie. NEVER will I watch a Bond movie again. It is beyond ruin and redemption now. SHAME ON YOU! The makers, that is, and the people who rate this up to over an 8. What is wrong with you people? Seriously. This contains spoilers.I have never before wrote a comment on IMDb.com. But after seeing the high rating of this complete insult of a classic character called James Bond i had to say something. Let me start by saying this movie have taken plots from like 10 different movies. Involving Bourne, Batman, Die Hard, Swordfish, Charlie's Angels Mission Impossible and more. Stolen agents list villains getting caught intentionally and a bunch of other stuff you seen in so many movies. Its Bond in a midlife crisis with everyone doubting him.The Bond chick dies rather quick and seems terrified of the bad guy in this movie. Why? who knows. Never really no explanation there is no explanation to the bad guy Silva at all. He is just a bad ass former agent from M's days in Hong Kong who she sold out and is know out to get M. He has these super hacking skills which are not explained neither. He is just hacking the hell out of MI6. And of course a very obvious Moneypenny made an entrance and she is black not that its a problem it's just that it screams affirmative action I'm half black by the way. Then you have a washed up Bond?? When was Bond ever washed up ever? Crying over M who gave the clearance to take a shot with Bonds life at stake she didn't seem to care very much. You have a young Q coming in and say we don't use gadgets no more. The gadgets are a part of James Bond it spiced the movies. The movie all trough was a disaster it was bad from beginning to end. This was even worse then Quantum Solace. You know i wouldn't have mind the bad plot if i had gotten some comic release or some proper James Bond moments. There were none. Where are the sarcastic comments the witty comebacks to women at cocktail parties?? James Bond is truly dead after this. i remember the golden ages of Connery and Moore. One scene when Bond was caught by a women i recall and, she went i got you now mister Bond, Connery responded well enjoy yourself. Comments like that made me love Bond. There was never no super effects or nasty close combats. He was a spy with a gun who dressed act and looked as a gentleman. Not like this brute who runs around beating people like a Van Damme movie is very emotional and don't seem to be very good with the women at all. Which makes me think why does he get these women?? And oh lets not forget running around half the movie with his shirt off. Don't know how many looking in the mirror without a shirt on scenes this movie had.Anyways i hope they stop making Bond or first get a new Bond and a better plot. I do love James Bond movies. As soon as the movie was released in Spain, I wanted to watch it. So, yesterday, after a light dinner with a friend, I went to the cinema. At first, I was extremely comfortable with the movie. A list of secret agents has fallen into the wrong hands, and Bond has to recover the list whatever the cost. M has her head on the line, so, she becomes ruthless and drives her agents into a coldblooded rampage of killing and destruction in order to get back the stolen list, including a very uncompassionate approach to her own agents if she believes they stand on the way to the mission's success. All starts with some scenes packed of good action in Turkey, where two MI6 agents pursue the bad guy, one of these agents being Bond. Finally, after a good chasing and some fights on top of a train, Bond is shot accidentally by the other agent (a pretty black woman) on M instructions, and Bond is considered missing in action, supposedly dead. Of Course, Bond is not dead, returns to duty after some colourful and self-destructive holydays in South America, where he drinks tequila shots with a scorpion on his hand(very nice scene), and is unleashed against the bad guys again, going to Shanghai to capture the mysterious bad guy who previously eluded capture in Turkey. We have some very good scenes of a shooting in a Chinese skyscraper, the appearance of a very beautiful Asian woman, a Macau prostitute, and some interesting moments in a strikingly beautiful and decadent Chinese casino with an arena full of Komodo Dragons and bad guys, which is great¡¡. Then, Bond sets sail with the beautiful Asian woman in a magnificent sailing yacht, and reaches an abandoned island where the bad guy (Javier Bardem) lives. The good part of the movie ends here. From now on, all loses credibility, does not stand scrutiny, and all is utterly ridiculous. A sensation of boredom invaded me and the rest of the audience. We do not hear any more about the list of agents, or any other tangible or meaningful plot. A bad guy with mommy issues for M, who feels betrayed by her just appears out of the blue, and all he wants is personal revenge. A bad guy with mommy issues is just unfit for a James Bond movie. We wanted to see a bad guy full of plans to control or destroy the world, with some intelligent design that Bond will try to thwart desperately in the last minute. However, we are just given a poor chap who calls M "Mom" (I nearly jumped from my seat and puked when I heard this¡¡¡¡), suffers from Oedipus complex and feels betrayed, engaging in a sort of vengeful killing spree. From this moment the movie rapidly decays into unbearable nonsense, and feels almost like an insult. The end is just so bad¡¡¡¡ Basically Bond takes mommy (see M) to his ancestral home in Scotland in order to kill the bad guy with old hunting rifles. The Bad guy arrives with a bunch of thugs and a helicopter, torches the house, and then Bond kills the bad guy with a knife without fighting, M dies, and the movie ends. In order to compensate the very poor script and ending, a new M and a new Money Penny are given to us, setting the atmosphere for the next movie. Casino Royale was very good. Quantum of Solace was not so good. Skyfall is very bad. The decreasing quality of this franchise is evident. It does not work anymore and a new formula is desperately needed. The only good point is that we have got possibilities of a new and fresh start for the series; we have a new Money Penny (The Pretty Black Woman who accidentally shot Bond), and a new M (Ralph Fiennes, who could make a good M). So, I hope they make something sensible and good next time. This movie was the end of a cycle for the Daniel Craig-Judi Dench franchise. A new approach and new ideas must be developed, and we all want back the true James Bond, and not the big BS they gave us this time. Major spoilers ahead.I am writing my first review here as a kind of therapy hoping that I can put my suffering from seeing this film to bed.For the record, I thought this movie was well filmed and aesthetically very appealing. Several scenes were great on a stand-alone basis. And I have really liked other Bond movies, e.g. Casino Royale.But this one... I felt I was being treated as an idiot watching it. Just a few examples of what disturbed me:1. Nice of Patrice to delay his escape in Istanbul so as to perfectly time Bond's exit from the house2. Please confirm those were sea mermaids saving Bond in Turkey after he with two gun wounds in his upper body lifelessly fell towards the bottom of a lake3. Whoever came up with the party trick of drinking scotch with a scorpion on the hand should be invited to my next party.4. A badass hacker blowing up MI6 remotely by somehow fiddling with the utilities? Can he make me breakfast too, through the internet?4. Cool to be one of the three guys in the world using some kind of uranium bullets in your handgun. And eh, a totally credible means of plot-wise somehow connecting Bond with the bad guys5. Cooler still to have Bond meet Q at an arts museum, staring at a painting (Turner?) to allow for some heavy symbolism about an old ship doing its last trip while a kid in his 20s tells Bond about how things are done nowadays. Was this new vs. old symbolism supposed to be a theme of the movie?5. Compliments to the CIA who knows everything about a notorious assassin including where he will be in two days and his flight number.6. Patrice going through security at a commercial flight bound for Shanghai with enough guns to take out a city. 7. In Macau, some proper fighting and a human-eating-animal species not seen since the jurassic age is just another day at the casino8. Did the people who used to live at Silva's island have to tear down the place before they left it? Looked like it had been a nuclear war9. Wow, that rat speech by Silva at the island really did the job of portraying him as a real complex Bond villain10. The hacking scene at basement where MI6 hangs out - anyone surprised that Bond made some sense out of the web of numbers? Looked like the matrix to me. Impressive by the way that the guy let himself out of the glass cage and managed to kill the guards, but maybe he hacked himself a gun out of the wifi net11. Btw, we really needed that scene with Silva's distorted face because he seemed far too normal up until that point.12. If you counted how many men were walking up to the Bond's old house ahead of that eternally long shooting scene, and then counted how many were killed by Bond and his entourage, how big a difference would you get?13. Following the first round of thugs having been taken care of, I was surprised to see Silva among the second round in the chopper. I thought he would come later in a F-20 figher jet playing Mozart and shooting missiles while insisting on M being kept alive14. Yep, always use a flash light when you run away from bad guys in the darknessI could go on but my suffering is gone :) Don't watch the movie unless you too will want to waste half an hour on therapy! I love Bond movies. But this was the worst Bond Movie, There are so many things wrong with this movie. Most of the elements of a good Bond movie aren't there. There is nothing in this movie what is expected from a bond movie. No new gadgets, No story ( List of agents for a bond movie and what happened to that list after half way through the movie?) . The climax ( I was thinking am I watching a bond movie or in a wrong cinema ) feels cheap and conventional. They must have run out of money for the second half. Such a stupid idea to bring M to that run down Scottish house. With the home made defenses and geriatric defenders. This movie may be numerically a box office success but leaves behind a 50 years legacy in shreds. This is by far the absolute worst Bond movie I have ever seen. There is no plot, there are no emotions to be invoked in the viewer (I couldn't feel for any of the characters, not even when M died in the end), there is no main theme - everything just seems to be randomly put together I really wonder how could critic give any rating to this movie. Total waste of Time I think what I hate most about this insult to the Bond franchise, is the critics bull-crap about this being the best Boind movie ever. Have all critics been paid off by the Bond people to write such positive reviews?I cannot find a single negative review of Skyfall written by a professional movie-critic anywhere online. It's either that or that the critics are to spineless to say anything bad about this atrocity of a movie.This is NOT Bond!! It's depressing, ugly looking, ugly shot, Daniel Craig looks too old for the part.There are no Bond-babes, no exotic locations, no gadgets, no jokes, the villain is pathetic, there are major plot-holes. The same can be said about The Dark Knight rises, which Sam Mendes was inspired by.How about being original for a change? These days all movies have to look a like.Only good thing about the movie: M dies!! Daniel Craig has ruined Bond. Fire that grumpy old-looking ugly guy whose face and nasty blue eyes is best for villain parts anyway and find a 30 year old dark haired good-looking guy who can play Bond the way Bond should be played. Felt compelled to sign up and write this like others as this movie just does not do what it says on the tin. All the critics reviews pointed to this film being fantastic the best Bond ever.Well its not ! Far from it i don't know if other movie watchers are saying its good because the critics say its wonderful so it must be good isn't it ? This is not a Bond movie its not even a good action/drama movie.I've heard the reviews for Taken 2 it sounds awful but i think i might go and see it the critics have got this so wrong. Skyfall has a poor script and plot that is sidelined half way through the film.No gadgets no bond girls no exotic locations the whole film looked like it was shot in SD quality it was so grey and murky. This was the first Bond movie I've seen at the Cinema since Thunderball (yes that years ago) i usually watch movies on DVD/bluray but felt because of all the hype that Skyfall would be worth going to see. Well its not save your money and wait till its on TV at least you can record it and FF the boring parts. Where do I start, Well I am a huge bond fan and I really found this movie to be a crap to my face and the franchise. the Craig movies in general were made as reboots as an answer to beat out the Bourne Identity movies which were beating bond in the box office. I am not a huge fan of Craig's bond movies but i don't mind Craig. The movies are just too far from what i loved about the bond movies. Going this pseudo realistic route is just outright stupid.Anyway let's review this crap. The actors themselves are great in the movie. All of them are fine actors who are doing their job. The story itself is horrible and for what it is, poorly executed . Bond isn't saving the world in this, just trying to protect M. Let's talk about Q. I actually didn't mind him. As much as i thought i would hate a young Q he worked as a character. until they decided to render him useless. Q gives bond 2 gadgets 1 being a gun that is attached to his DNA and only he can use(comes in use once). 2 being a small button that transmits his position if hes in trouble(this is not a gadget that is new). This is IT! Bond asks "that's it" and Q replies and i swear this is the worst thing said in the movie and i almost left because of it "What did you expect, an exploding pen? We don't do that sort of stuff anymore" That basically mocked Goldeneye (My favorite bond movie)the gadget used in a great scene in the movie. I felt as if they were mocking the fans who wanted gadgets. Q then says please don't break it 007. Keep in mind Q just met bond. How does he know bond is usually breaking gadgets. I did like how Q is now able to talk to bond during missions. that i thought was a good addition.They also introduce the car from the first 007 movie "Dr. No". But it doesn't fit in the time line as that car is fitted with the gadgets used in that movie. The movie took place in the 60's that could put bond to be around 80 years old since the new movie takes place in present day. He does win a similar car with casino Royal i believe but there is no way he outfitted it for use because there was now Q lab during these new movies. The villain played by Javier Bardem is a decent bad guy but he is totally a rewritten "006" from Goldeneye. He has almost the same reason for being bad. problem with his character is he was introduced way too late into the movie and get's almost no screen time. You never really get "him" as a character. You don't fully understand him. He's just thrown in their and has a couple clever lines and then dies.(very anticlimactically)Anyway they decided to keep the bond tradition and give the villain some kind of scar. But it was done with Horrible CGI.I am not a fan of CGI I feel that it is lazy, ugly and really distracting to a movie. If you are going to go with effects, use practical effects. Anyway this whole section has to do with the action and horrible CGI. From falling people to Komodo dragons to Helicopters. For a movie that is trying to be realistic, having a komodo dragon come out (looking like it is straight out of a video game) and eat a thug that was fighting bond is just the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen. It was seriously the ugliest CGI used through t the movie. There was also an intro scene with a motorcycle chase i have to point out, that had the worst Green screen when the camera would show bond riding the bike. It looked awful. Also who ever thought silhouette shots looked cool is an idiot especially overused ones.There's another scene where bond goes to his old house...yes i said his old house. They did it they tried delving into more of his back story to make is feel for his character and humanize him more. I cannot stand this. I loved that most of his past was a mystery. this adds so much more to your own imagination. Well that's killed instantly as they tell you his parents names and a bunch more i did not want to hear. Anyway they use this house for what I like to call the "Home Alone" scene and the WORST scene in the movie. Bond who is known for taking out hordes of people on his own is subjected to hiding and planting traps to kill about 9 people. It was ridiculous and so hard to watch.That scene leads onto another scene where bond chases the villain but then a thug and bond drop into the ice (where realistic bond should have hypothermia or frozen to death) and then leads to another scene in a church where M dies and you are suppose to feel bad but you just don't. Because the movie spoke about her being replaced anyway. So in any shape or form she wouldn't be in the next movie. anyway the villain dies with a knife throw to the back and he's done. like i said, anticlimactically.After This movie I can tell you I don't want to see another new bond movie unless they go back to their roots. Maybe if they get Christopher Nolan considering he really wants to make one and he understands what bond should be. Also he doesn't use CGI.I give this "5 Moonrakers out of 5" just kidding 1/10 stars. Enjoy giving them money and making them realize this is what sells. I went into the theater with such high expectations & when I left I was disgusted with the film. Yes, it is an okay action movie but it is NOT a 007 film. The last two movies have been bad but this one is so much worse. If your a true bond fan you will more than likely be disappointed with this film. It holds no elements of a Bond film. It's missing all the KEY elements that all the other Bond films have, like the other reviews have posted, there are no gadgets, no girls, no plot, no humor.They bring in a young Q & he issues James his gun & a radio transmitter & then has the nerve to make fun of gadgets & says that they have done away with gadgets. I thought he was joking! How can it be a Bond film without at least one gadget?! Throughout the film I kept thinking, "They would never do this in a real Bond Film or That would never happen in a 007 movie!" The girl? Where is the girl, where is the romance? They spend 5 minutes on a girl then she gets shot in the head & he does nothing about it, doesn't even blink an eye. The ending, since when does the villain get what he wants? The villain wanted M dead & that is what he got. Bond didn't save the day.This film is just sad. I really keep hoping that the next film will be a real 007 movie but they keep messing it up so badly. The film critics that gave this film good reviews should be ashamed of themselves. I have come to the conclusion that Bond is DEAD, they will never make another good film. This is one of the weakest storyline. Why did the criminal go through all the trouble, create all the havoc, if all he wanted to do was to kill M? I mean couldn't he just enter USA and kill her?If all he the havoc he created was to enter USA then I really doubt his capabilities as a computer hacker, because what kind of a hacker would someone be, who can't modify his records?Overall, a very weak plot with no suspense and just random useless action with very big holes in the storyline. I don't understand why people like this movie. May be I am missing something but oh well, I gave it 1 because I couldn't go any lower. So, this was it then, supposedly the greatest Bond film of them all... what a disappointment it was. It was the worst film I've seen since Inception and quite frankly that's saying something (in the time betwixt them I have watched The Room, Birdemic and Highschool Musical. So what was wrong with it then? let me show you... First off the opening scene which on paper must have read like one of Archer's wet dreams but on screen seemed far too contrived for my liking. Car chase, to bike chase over the rooftops, to train top confrontation. It was simply too much thrown at the audience in too short a space of time, even Michael Bay would have felt ashamed for it. Then after the insultingly gratuitous action that theme music by the risible Adelle where she never seems to be able to find the right notes to conclude her melody. Oh well, surely it'll pick up a bit now though you must be thinking? Well, don't get your hopes up! Next we discover some lack of originality as someone not fit for duty is called into service (anyone remember The Avengers earlier this year?) and a gun that only fires for Bond (the lawgiver from Dredd, also out earlier this year?)... anyway, the fun doesn't stop there as there's a wonderful scene where Bond fights an assassin in Japan with some digitally projected jellyfish in the background that were much more interesting than the fight itself, probably included as by then the director had realised how weak all of the plot fluffing was... Anyways, following on from the scene with the jumping on a poorly rendered CGI kommodo dragon (which was this movie's attempt at the Indy fridge scene) we eventually get to meet the villain. Sadly this scene is so filled with inappropriately forced innuendo that it really detracted from the meaningless rat story and the unrealistically stealthy helicopters but never mind. The scene in the London Underground looked like it might actually turn out OK until they removed the signs from the escalators that prevent you from sliding down them for the sake of making it more unrealistic I suppose. Unsure of how to make the scene worse the director simply drops a train on top of Bond. Maybe the director thought Die Hard 4 was a work of art? Whatever the reason I eventually sat through enough to be at the end where the bad guy rocks up in a helicopter blaring music, much reminding me of a certain Nam flick and also... The Avengers (out earlier this year). Sigh. Then finally the big climax, the payoff for the whole 2+ hours of my life that I'm never going to get back again - a quick unspectacular knife in the back and Bond gets to keep a cheap bulldog toy. Whooo. I am never going to watch another new Bond film again, this was enough to kill the whole franchise for me. I would have thought that for around $200m you could make a better film than that but it seems that I was wrong and Tommy Wiseau's farce that was The Room seems increasingly like $6m well spent... Okay, since I've watched all of the Bond movies to date, I didn't want to miss this one either, especially since many critics gave it a high score rating. Well, this is the absolute last time I've listened to those sellouts.Where should I begin? The opening theme performed by Adele is irritating. The tune makes my head crack. And what's up with the lyrics? "Let the sky fall, when it crumbles, we will stand tall, face it all together" - really, Adele? Couldn't you have found even cheesier lyrics?Then there's the plot. What plot, you may ask? Exactly. There is no story. We're introduced by Naomi shooting Bond who then falls motionless into the water and is carried by the water down stream. The bad guy who Bond was fighting and who carries a list of undercover agents escapes (did Naomi only have 1 friggin bullet in a semi-auto gun?? Apparently yes...). Regardless, Bond somehow survives (we don't know how, the story never reveals that mystery) and once he learns that the MI6 building has been under attack, he returns to England to resume his agent duty. He is then led to Silva (the bad guy) who appears to be a hacking genius and can change the stock prices or detonate a building just by pressing a button on a keyboard. Well, if he's such a criminal mastermind who literally controls the entire world with only his keyboard and mouse, then why the fudge does he go on a head-to-head combat with Bond in the end?? Someone please explain this to me as I seriously don't see any logical points in this.Also, the "plot" begins with a list being stolen and is dominated by hacking geniuses such as Silva and Q throughout the film. However, in the end, we have no idea whether the list was recovered or not, we have no idea what happened to Q or his computer-whiz associates - it's as if these things never really existed. Also, somewhere at the climax of the "plot" we are introduced to a character named Kincade who is supposed to be Scottish. Where's the Scottish accent then...?Thirdly, the amount of foreshadowing this movie contains is just hilarious. For example, Bond gets a gun from Q who tells him the gun can only be used by Bond because of DNA sensors of some sorts. Yes, you guessed it, there is then a scene in the movie when the bad guy has a clear shot of Bond with his own gun. Of course it doesn't fire and the bad guy is dragged by a giant lizard-like creature into the shadows and killed. Another foreshadowing is when Kincade displays all of the available guns to Bond and says that if he should run out of bullets, there's always the trusty knife. Well, here's a $1000 question for you - guess who this exact same knife kills in the end...?This is by far the absolute worst Bond movie I have ever seen. There is no plot, there are no emotions to be invoked in the viewer (I couldn't feel for any of the characters, not even when M died in the end), there is no main theme - everything just seems to be randomly put together. And with a budget of 150 million dollars, what else can you expect....? I am both a Bond fan and an aspiring writer. If I watch a movie it needs to look good, have an exciting story line and well-developed characters. I have never reviewed on here before but felt a need to counter all the people that have been totally drawn in by the endless advertisement and flashy selling techniques that are what this movie depends on. Hollywood movies spend 200 million on equipment,cameramen, editors, impressive locations, big explosions and a director who, when asked in the interview for the job "what do you think about much loved Bond movies that are adored around the globe?" likely answered "they're rubbish".Why is so much money available for all this but the writing seems to have been done by a few guys thankful to be given 3 meals a day to keep going?A lot of reviews on here have already been through the huge list of plot flaws, far more than you would normally expect in a big budget movie. But to add to that how many distractions do you need from following the story line? Its not enough that you can't turn around for an advertisement for months before the release but then during the movie you can't help but notice a Daniel Craig in the peak of physical fitness drinking Heineken.And on the subject of Daniel Craig I don't think he's a bad actor but how many times do you need his top off? Not being sexist. Fair is fair Bond films normally have lots of flesh in so why not something for the ladies? But this just gets distracting. He's staring in the mirror with his top off, then he's sitting in bed with stubble, drinking Heineken, with his top off; then there's a lengthy shot panning up a sparkly looking building to a private swimming pool where he sits with water dripping off him, with his top off for a good 30 seconds not doing anything; then Moneypenny is treating his wounds with his top off while he tries some clumsy flirting. Oh. . . did I mention a long solemn stare in the mirror? With his top off? Characterization. Are you writing for a bloody soap? (trying not to swear). The bad guy: "oh, i'm gay and making jokes", "now i'm angry at M" , "Now i'm depressed because I took my teeth out", "now i'm manically laughing", "now i'm running away underground and don't really have a personality", "now i'm angry for the rest of the movie and have forgotten the characteristics I was given in my opening scene". I was just waiting for them to discover that M was actually his mum who he had sex with and James Bond is his incest created son. The acting was good but the way his character was written would have worked in a soap.Moneypenny was obvious and clearly there just so the writers could think they had been clever in 'keeping her secret' till the end even though it was obvious after a couple scenes. The Bond girl was an afterthought to try and keep a male audience as was obvious by killing her 20 mins after introducing her. We live in Britain, not just England, Hollywood has never done America any favors when it comes to being viewed as ignorant by everyone else. All in all a somewhat clumsy attempt to make a general action film, only using the name of bond to generate more money. Until Skyfall, Daniel Craig, as James Bond, was an inspired characterization. In the earlier two Craig/Bond movies we had a glimpse of the inner Bond, along with a manly grittiness which lent a degree of realism to the character.In Skyfall, Bond is barely recognizable as our hero. Indeed, his appearance is that of an aged alcoholic. He reeks of weakness and his incompetence is manifest. He undergoes testing to confirm his mastery of the tools of his trade--and fails utterly. He cannot even hit a man-size target with a handgun at 20-30 feet.The best that can be said of Skyfall is that the first half of the movie was reasonably interesting. The remainder was boring and unforgivably predictable.My girlfriend observed that it was as if the director loathed the James Bond character. Consistently, Craig/Bond was shown in the worst possible light: His clothes were ill-fitting and from a bygone age; he was weepy, unsure of himself, and a physical wreck. His visage was of one who had recently spent long masturbatory hours at a peep show.Finally, even in a Bond movie, it is an unacceptable assault on our credulity for our hero to be wounded by one round to the shoulder, another round to the body from a high velocity rifle, take an uncontrolled fall for a couple of hundred meters into water--and survive. This is by far the most BORING movie I've ever seen. Boring awful lead, lame villain, makes no sense what so ever. Did not feel like a bond movie at ALL. He died then hes back? What?? Felt cheap with underwhelming action and horrendous acting. I felt tired watching this movie. Even the ending was LAMEEEEE. I tried to be engaged but i had NO idea what was happening. Why is everyone calling the older women mother? Why any of this? The entire movie has millions of plot holes and made NOOO sense. Do not waste your time on this movie unless you need something to put you to sleep. My first reaction after watching the movie was "Wow, was this really the new Bond?". I'm a huge JB fan, but this one's so bad on so many levels that I don't even know where to start with my critical remarks. A lot of discussion has been going on lately about the direction in which the Bond series was moving, and I could forgive the screenwriters for turning one of my favorite heroes into a pathetic drunkard who badly needs target practice. But the problem is that the whole plot in Skyfall is so absurd and inconsistent that the story looks more like a parody of JB. At the beginning we learn that a list of secret agents has been stolen and MI6 has to get it back at all costs. But at some point this thread is simply discontinued - and there's no mention of the missing agent list whatsoever! Oh well, who cares. Now we have to deal with some maniacal ex-00 agent with a bad hairdo and a grudge against M. He's the uber villain, super hacker, criminal mastermind and obviously wants revenge, but because the movie must be about 2,5 h long, he obviously doesn't want M. dead too early. Otherwise he could have just blown up the MI6 headquarters with her inside or he could have broken into her apartment (if Bond can do it, why not the uber-villain?) and shot her in the head. And even when he's so close to killing her during the session with the politicians, he simply walks away because, what, there's some white smoke in the room (?). Earlier, his plan was apparently to get captured by MI6, but again, what was the point? To have a little chit-chat with M. and show her his denture? But there's too many illogical points to mention them all. One of the funniest scenes is when Bond strangles one of Silva's henchmen in the pond. Nothing wrong with that, except they were both under water, so what's the point if the guy already couldn't breathe... The whole plot was truly preposterous and that's why I was hugely disappointed with the latest Bond. What a waste of time. Recommended only if you can turn off thinking for more than 2 hours. 