Many people complains about the plot being confusing, but I found it very simple: Two ninjas, Sherlock and Watson (the former said to be very clever) have a fight each five minutes of the film. In-between fights they try to solve a very difficult case about a bad guy (Lord Blackwood) that, as Count Dracula, has the power to get into the minds of the people and make them cause riots and protests everywhere in Victorian London. Although the bad guy’s ambitions are merely political, he also murders women as a hobby and that’s why he is captured by the two ninjas, then prosecuted and finally hanged.Many people go to see the execution, but nobody (not even the clever ninja) notes that the rope from which the bad guy hangs stays loose around his neck. The other ninja, said to be a physician, takes the pulse of the corpse directly on the neck, and realizes that the rope didn’t leave any mark whatsoever in the dead guy’s neck. Admired by how soft these new ropes are, he says nothing and declares him dead.The bad guy wasn’t dead, but he was buried the same under big blocks of granite. This was a very hard task because these blocks were actually very small pieces glued together lightly so that the bad guy could break them from the inside of his grave and it must have required quite a lot of people to put these fragile blocks in place so delicately as not to unglue them. Fortunately for the bad guy no one working at the cemetery noticed this.The film goes on very slowly after that. Anything they investigate is immediately followed by a long fight.Very often Conan Doyle writes about cases that although they look supernatural at the beginning, a sound and rational explanation is provided at the end.Guy Ritchie decides to change this tedious scheme, so that a crescendo is built till the last frame. To achieve this Guy Ritchie applies the rule that if a case looks supernatural, the explanation should be more supernatural than the case itself.So, at the end, we are faced with magical substances (that couldn’t be found till now even in the Pandora moon) like a kind of clear, odorless liquid, that people take as water, which ignites readily and violently with just a spark, distilled cyanhydric acid that kills much better than the relatively pure counterpart so easy to obtain, an antidote thanks to which you can breathe hydrogen cyanide with no ill effects, small sized remote controls made in 1880, and many, many more. No ridicule is spared in explaining what has happened and how.Such a display of fantasy for nothing; at the end the clever ninja cannot explain how the bad guy managed to get into the minds of the people and organize riots telepathically. Maybe there was also a magical gas that was released by the bad guy and caused this, but unfortunately this is not shown in the film. I'm rating a 1/10 to counterbalance all the 9/10 reviews. This movie was just another stupid, boring action movie. I might of given it more stars if it wasn't named "Sherlock Holmes".1. The characters in the movie were not Holmes and Watson. Maybe Dr. House and Jackie Chan. I read some reviews saying that this is the best portrayal of Holmes you've ever seen, seriously? Yes, he was eccentric, but he wasn't a smug, childish, karate champion, witty.... He was a proper British gentlemen. Why does he always have a stupid, baffled expression in the movie? You know the one with his eyes wide open.2. I have to agree with another reviewer, Conan Doyle mostly had believable explanations. Not some remote control, flammable water, and lot's of other junk that they didn't have in the late 1800's.3. I hate that everything nowadays has to be an action movie. Holmes and Watson were not crime fighting ninjas. I've read many Holmes books and I've yet to find one where he goes around kicking ass all over the place. Next we'll see a Jesus movie where there are lots of explosions.This movie is good for the masses, but not if you are an actual thinking human being. I actually had high hopes for this movie. I went with a big crowd of people and while they planned to see Avatar I was going to see Sherlock Holmes. Unfortunately for them, Avatar was sold out so they all joined me in this train wreck of a movie. To be fair, there are about 10 minutes total that are kind of interesting. But the movie is 2 hours and 15 minutes long so there's the problem. There are so many plot holes that a mack truck could drive through and even with suspension of disbelief, it is truly a hodge podge of dreck with loud noises interspersed amongst the dreck to keep you awake. We are supposed to believe that Irene Adler is so strong as to heave a drugged and out-of-it Holmes from off the floor by the fireplace and onto a bed and then strip and handcuff him to the bed posts. They don't show you any of this because it would be laughably unbelievable. She must be super human to accomplish such a feat. There are other ridiculous stupidities that I thought perhaps were aimed at teens but the teens that were with me actually fell asleep because it was so boring. Every once in a while one of the sleeping teens would nod awake at a loud explosion. One such explosion completely engulfed the major characters yet in the next scene, not a burn mark is to be found. Apparently people in Holmes' day were made of asbestos. Don't waste your money. I like R.D.J. but this was a waste of time and money. At face value, Sherlock Holmes should have been the must-see of 2010 - great cast in the shape of Jude Law and the currently unstoppable Robert Downey Jr, massive budget, big name director and a classic story.In reality it fails, and fails badly.My better half extended a theory which I think holds merit here: it feels as though somebody has written a really good story to prequel the Sherlock Holmes stories by Arthur Conan Doyle and presented it to a studio - who have promptly handed it to a hack screen-writer and a lacklustre director to make a shambles of.The action scenes lack any feeling of authenticity or excitement, and that's pretty inexcusable in an action driven film with a cast of good actors. Had the film had a different director, I can't help feeling that it would have made an excellent, suspenseful story-driven feature. As it is, the action feels pasted-on and ruins the story.*(slight) SPOILER ALERT* Holmes' trademark summing up and explanation at the end is perhaps the one enjoyable scene in the film, but is ruined by the constant foreshadowing of sequels to come. The whole film, in fact, feels like it's setting up its own sequel rather than trying to be a film in its own right - it just doesn't work! *ANOTHER (very slight) SPOILER ALERT* Mark Strong is the villain of the piece as Lord Blackwood - but the character is a hugely inferior copy of his role as Septimus in Stardust, right down to the thigh-length black leather jacket.*ANOTHER (much bigger) SPOILER ALERT* Take a Dan Brown novel. Take all of the nonsensical plots about Illuminati and mystic orders. Superimpose it on top of an Arthur Conan Doyle novel. Voila - you've just made this film.I spent the whole of this film waiting for it to become good. The cast were good, the original characters were good, the budget was good - the film, however, is atrocious. If I were a supercomputer built to ruin Sherlock Holmes I could not have done a better job. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle came back to life just to die again of embarrassment. Maybe if anyone in Hollywood ever bothered to read the source material tragedies like this would happen less.Even though Holmes is one of the most recognizable names in literature they decided that he wasn't bad ass enough and turned him into a frigging UFC fighter. Instead of solving cases he just beats the crap out of everyone.If you liked this movie, you are the problem with American cinema. Have some standards people. Buried underneath a ton of special effects and obligatory action (to keep the audience riveted) lay a poorly devised character of a a 19th-century consulting detective, with an 18th century hair-do, and late-20th-century weapons, poorly disguised to look like something from steam-punk. (Psst- they didn't chrome-plate their pistols in those days.) Another Hollywood butcher job, re-writing history, and the intentions of the authors who originally presented it. The plot could not have been more transparent had it been made of glass--exposing the metaphysical as tricks of science and engineering. And Irene Adler... would have been arrested for dressing the way she did. But, of course... that's Hollywood. And Downey should be ashamed of himself... trying to make Holmes look like an Einstein Emo. He looked like a heroin addict, not like someone who took a 7% solution of cocaine when feeling bored. Totally disappointing. I am still reeling from the sheer terror of enduring this movie. It was a masterpiece of horror. It was a collection of platitudes and nonsense on a level that you rarely see in movies with this kind of budget. I can not find a single redeeming quality. Nothing at all.Bad acting is excusable here, and I won't cover the obvious stiffness and discomfort of Jude Law. I'd be too if I was him. That wasn't the bad part though.Holmes. Drug addict. Manic depressive perhaps. Prone to lock him self up in his room for weeks on end. Not good for the old physique. But oh, he's a veritable Bruce Lee meets the Karate Kid. Are you joking? Are you serious? I can suspend my disbelief with the best of them, but that is just too much of a stretch. It is actually too bloody stupid to even contemplate.For half the movie you think you are watching some kind of a "Harry Potter has Grown Up" production. It is uncanny how much like Harry Potter they tried to make this thing. If I want wizards, I'll go see Harry Potter, the real one, thank you very much. No, Harry Potter is not an improvement on the old Dickensian movie look. Really. It's not.Oh, and who let bloody Dan Brown into the script writers room. Honestly. The only thing missing was a bad cut to some medieval knight fighting some secret society in Jerusalem.I hereby nominate Sherlock Holmes for the Turkey of the year, and I doubt any other will come close to this junk. I grew up reading Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's novels and I could still read them. This is because his novels can wake up imagination of the child and yet they have style and class to involve any adult into the story. I can say that this is the case with most of the Sherlock Holmes movies I had seen before I saw this one as they engage you by using the intelligent plot, first of all. 2009 Sherlock Holmes is a ridiculous attempt to turn a legendary detective into a Mission Impossible character and Dr. Watson into James Bond, Sean Connery style. Fast actions with special effects and very poor plot development are typical failures of this sterile Hollywood style project which has nothing to do with Sherlock. As I already mentioned partly, character of Dr Watson overpowers must dominating figure of Sherlock Holmes, which is sooo amateurish. Sherlock Holmes casting is a total failure, this guy matches Sherlock Holmes character as much as Sylvester Stallone. All in all, this is the bad time for Sherlock Holmes lovers. I guess what is more depressing than this abominable movie is the many laudatory reviews I have read here. Are audiences today so jaded, so utterly disconnected from even their recent past, so completely lobotomized that they would find kind words to say about such dreck as this? I had thought that the unspeakable 1979 pastiche of HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES with Dudley Moore was about as low as one could get in the filming of a Sherlock Holmes story. I was clearly wrong. This is the end, the limit, the bottom of the calcium-encrusted barrel. Holmes admirers (those who understand and appreciate the fine originals) will stay away in droves if for no other reason than the hilarious miscasting of the lead characters. Mr Downey as Holmes and Mr Law as Watson rank right up there with such inspired casting choices as Tony Curtis playing a medieval knight and Sharon Stone playing a gunfighter of the old west. Ridiculous.I doubt that Hollywood's renowned contempt for its audiences can be better illustrated than by this movie. Do moviegoers really enjoy having their intelligences insulted with such grand insouciance?It is both pointless and useless to go on. We have given up what little culture we have left by allowing these amateurs to take great classics and turn them into idiotic roller-coaster rides. A paying public that can applaud, let alone part with the money to see, such a movie is clearly a public that can no longer recognize quality. Some years ago, just before he passed away, the great producer Darryl Zanuck said "I know audiences feed on cr_p. But I cannot believe we are so lacking in ability that we cannot dish it up to them with a little style". Why bother, Mr Zanuck? Apparently anything thrown out to movie audiences today will be lapped up like cream.Stay home and read a Conan Doyle original. Since too much has already been written about this crap, I'll confine myself to some key points:Story: Thin to non-existent. Plot holes and logical blunders abound.Script: Complete failure. Just a succession of scenes without a coherent narrative. Acting: Mediocre and miscast (although I usually like both Law and Downey). Chemistry between characters: Completely non-existent. Action: Too many boring fight scenes, just for the sake of it. Humor: Got very thin very fast. Tried to be witty but failed miserably.Length: About two hours – felt like three. Boring. Paralysing. Visuals: Some good shots of industrial London. CGI became quite dull soon, however.Seriously, save your time and money! Guy Ritchie's Recipe For One Terrible Movie: *Take perfect classic story, then knead it until mixed randomly *Add 3 heaping Tablespoons of good actors; peel off talent and discard *Mix in 3 tons of nasty dead pigs from ceiling *Sprinkle in a dash of bro-mance with zero chemistry every now and then *Put a lame ninja-like fight scene not related to the non-existent plot in with loud noises to wake audience up every 15 minutes *Throw in obvious set-ups for the upcoming sequel every three minutes to remind the audience that this won't be the last 2 hours and 8 minutes they will spend in a drooling plot less, senseless, endless comaGee, I can't wait for "Sherlock Holme2" (where the 's' in Holmes flips to a '2' shaped like a cheesy smoking CG pipe) to throw away another two hours of my life that I could spend on something more useful like painting my house with a Q-tip or reviewing a movie online (that I'd give a negative number rating were it possible!)For the half of you think this movie was the best thing since string cheese and are marking these low reviews as unhelpful, seek help. Seriously. I'm not a Holmesabookaholic who's saying 'the movie was ruined because the bloody horse carriages were driving on the right hand side of the road when they should have been on the left in London, so this otherwise brilliant picture has been tainted for me!'; I'm illiterate, so that's impossible. This was just a baaaaad movie. Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadddddd movie. Please take my word for it if you haven't seen it.Really bad. This movie was extremely boring (my friend slept through most of it) and irritating. I've been a real Sherlock Holmes stories fan for many years (first place visited in London? 221B Baker Street - I've read all of the stories 6 times).I was very disappointed by the shame that movie makes of itself by transforming the noblest of men (Watson and Holmes) into two idiots punching each other (!!!). Mary Morstan that throws a cocktail in Sherlock's face? ARE WE CRAZY?! The noblest men into two idiots and the best friendship into a ridiculous series of insults. SHAME.If you are not a Holmes fan it's just still a mediocre modern movie full of action and with an horrible story. Why did I find this movie totally boring? The acting: None of the characters could hold my attention. All of them lacked a soul. Watching Robert Downey Jr is like watching a brick wall, nothing happens, only a negative radiation and a view in a bottomless lake. The 2 leading ladies were also a big disappointment, catwalk faces with zero expression. Ow, how I missed a Hitchcock heroin. I always love Jude Law but here his sparkles also die and it's not his fault, he was still the best of them all. Btw, Jude looks very sexy with mustache.The directing: Guy Ritchie probably focused only on the visuals and the story. As far as scenery and so on the movies is okay. The story however is way too blurry and unnecessarily complex and far-fetched. A typical boy's story, -now this happens now that happens- -this is fun that is fun- with no thoughts about the feelings to trigger with the viewer. Everything we get to see is brainy and rational. 19th Century London could have been breathtaking atmospheric if only this product wasn't aimed at the ADHD generation. Digital filming: it is obvious this movie was not shot on celluloid but digitally shot which saves a lot of money. The problem with digital shooting becomes clear during action scenes, they are not fluid but shaky. Also the dynamics between light and dark are very limited. The whole movie is covered in a boring grey scale which even covers the girls make up.The editing: It is way too fast, so none of the scenes make it to the unconsciousness or can become iconic. Music and sound: I can't remember any tune anymore, except that left and right speakers continually gave dis adjusted sounds. Believe it or not there were 8mins 36 seconds of credits on that pile of turd. That means nearly 1000 people wanted their name to be associated with it. And some of those must be requested credits like 2nd associate directors assistants executive producers dogs hair dresser.....kind of thing. Now correct me if i am wrong but don't people usually shy away from being associated with criminal activity. Like on crime watch do they not blur out peoples faces? And this film is the BIGGEST crime known to man. How? Why? was it made. It lacked several key elements required to make a film. Namely Characters, Plot, Script, Action, Relivance etc... I mean i have no actual idea what this horse **** excuse for a film is about. Who was the bad guy? Why was he bad? When did Sherlock Holmes become a ninja assassin? Who was the girl? What was she doing? Did she also study ninja in 1800 London? Why did they all have American accents? It is set in London or the wild west? Is Jude Law stuck in the role of that android he played in the other really pooh movie? He sure moves like a robot and acts totally emotionless! Didn't Sherlock Holmes smoke a pipe? Well i think Robert Downey junior must have been smoking a crack pipe when decided to make this film. And throughout making it....And do you know what the most offencive part about it is? THEY HAVE ALREADY PENNED A Sequel! How can you have a follow up to a film where nothing happens? Don't you first need a story in order to follow it up with a second story? And who on earth would desire to watch a sequel to a film so terrible it is actually offencive... Its beyond the point were you can amuse yourself with how bad it is. The only way i can describe the feeling of how i felt afterwards is when peter griffin grazes his knee.... THAT IS HOW I FELT, it was a nagging pain that still hasn't gone away! Seriously all copies of this movie should be exiled to Cuba where no-one will ever watch it again because they still use VHS! Painful Don't EVER WATCH IT!!!! for being Madonna's 59th boyfriend.Judging by this cinematic piece of filth, he certainly won't be remembered for anything else.Hey, what a neat idea. Let's take these iconic characters who've been around for a century and totally screw with them. Let's make Holmes a dysfunctional slob, and Watson a gambling jerk, and give them some kind of frustrated bro-mance, with no chemistry.Yeah, we'll use Jude Law and Robert Downey Jr., but it will still stink.Okay, the CGI looked good, and they did some great set direction, but deep down, you don't care. These aren't the Holmes and Watson Sir Arthur Conan Doyle wrote about. They are at best clichés... It's elementary Guy - keep it simple and develop your characters with a plot that people can relate to.I am trying to think where this film went wrong and I have reached the conclusion that it was just about everywhere.What the hell Jude Law was doing in this load of tripe I will never know but you could say that his talent was completely wasted in endless predictable action and fight scenes.If there was ever a one joke or one theme movie this was it. My God, didya ever guess that Sherlock Holmes has an amazing power of deduction? If you didn't, Guy Ritchie demonstrated this to us five hundred and ninety five times.And Guy if you cannot come up with a feasible plot and have to ham it up - it HAS to be funny. And your villains HAVE to make you scared. My 8-yr-old grand-daughter was more frightened of Mrs Tweedy in Chicken Run than she was by Lord Blackwood in over-baked pad of codswallop.I can only say that Basil Rathbone must be turning in his grave. This movie was TERRIBLE! It wouldn't have been half as bad if they just didn't call it 'Sherlock Holmes' the way they portrayed him in this movie is NOTHING like the actual character of Sherlock Holmes. Holmes is not some buff, a-kicking, bad-a.. He is supposed to be a highly intelligent character and I didn't get that feeling from Downey Jr. AT ALL. I never pictured Sherlock Holmes to be a strong, tiny man & I think they just did completely horrible things with the characters. Story line and plot and all that was not bad at all definitely some good entertainment but NOT using Holmes & Watson as characters, that just completely ruined the movie because that is NOT what those characters are supposed to be like at all! Definitely going to avoid the new one coming out this year I was already disappointed enough in this one definitely know better than to waste my money this time. It makes me sick the way Hollywood takes normal proper characters and completely destroys them in films this was complete blasphemy I'll bet if the original creator of Sherlock Holmes was still alive today he would be very upset! This has to rate as one of the most infuriating, frustrating films I think I have ever seen.The good bits: Robert Downey Jr turns in a very credible and intelligent performance as Holmes.The bad bits: It was a great pity that his performance is all at sea in a script that is a complete mess, and his back up is Jude Law -- the second most annoying and irritating Dr Watson I have ever come across.The bad guy -- now there is an infuriatingly over the top villain. The constant fights, the heavy-handed suspend-disbelief stunts. The film never "settles" long enough for me to get into it. It leaps wildly from highlight to highlight without even a corresponding lowlight to slow things down a bit. It's just too much. Yet again Guy Ritchie uses the carcasses of dead animals for effect, this time in a slaughter house. He treats these once living creatures as furniture.From the opening credits I could see that most of the horses in this film (there were many many scenes with horses) were frightened and I will be making a complaint to the RSPCA.The film was full of sensational nonsense, where I was left wondering why particular scenes were written into the script in the first place, in particular the ship yard fandango. Yawn.Robert Downey Jnr and Jude Law are both superb actors, but Rachel McAdams (was that her name?) looked like she had wondered out of the Time Traveller's Wife into another film and forgot to act differently.A film worth missing in general. For starters, the two stars should have switched roles. Jude Law could have pulled off a Sherlock Holmes that one would have wanted to see in this movie and even in some sequels. Plus, Downey could have done Watson as a rumpled genius who gave more support than is generally known. Then, to actually have made the whole thing work, a different director, one who hasn't been marinating in the sexually confused alternate universe of Mr.Madonna, could have made a buddy movie for this age that revealed a mind meld without bedroom influences. Gee, where is Alfred Hitchcock when you need him? He knew when and how gay inferences should be used to season rather than poison a franchise-worthy film. This movie ain't about Sherlock Holmes, but some pathetic Holmes wannabe. More like a Jacques Clouseau movie than a Holmes movie. Also Jude Law is just the wrong person to cast as Dr. Watson, no matter how charming he is, he's just not Watson, period.In Summary:The "Sherlock Holmes" played by Robert Downey Jr tries hard to be characteristic but failswhereas the real Sherlock Holmes from the book IS effortless characteristic.Enough said. I am an great admirer of Robert Downey Jr and he acts very well in this film but Sherlock Holmes he is not.This is not a good film. It is equally as bad as "Where are the Morgans?" that I had the misfortune to see a few nights ago. Where is the film industry going? I watched Wallander with Kenneth Branagh on TV a couple of nights ago. That is great writing, great acting and great cinematic photography. Entrancing. That is the standard we are looking for. As a film Sherlock Holmes is comprehensively not even third rate. It takes a lot of talent to make even a bad film. There is lot of talent and money on display but a bad film this is.The script is amateurish; no sense of onward momentum within scenes and from one scene to the next. Did anyone read an elementary book on screen writing? It is Dan Brown without the story-telling ability, the characterization and the inventiveness. Guy Ritchie, what has happened to you? Amazing special effects but all very noisy and incoherent. Give it a miss. It is two hours long but the middle hour seems like three. I recently finally caught up with Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes; very much at the same time, I saw the BBC's 21st century reboot of Holmes. They span the extremes—dreadful to astonishingly, and unexpectedly, wonderful.Starting with the ridiculous—Guy Ritchie's film is, frankly, dreadful in almost every way. The steampunk vision of Victorian London is visually striking, but far from original, and it gets tiresome and overly gloomy. The plot is a cross between second-tier Conan Doyle and second-tier Hammer horror. The film is full of special effects and set pieces—in particular, a boxing match, a bout in a shipyard with a 19th century Oddjob, and a fight between Holmes and the villain on top of a half-completed Tower Bridge. The first is mere vulgar sensationalism; the second two, obvious borrowings from Bond films.In fact, much of the film is bricolage from better work, be it Bond films, or Hammer films, or earlier Holmes films. There is enough holes in the plot to drive a locomotive through. For instance, Holmes gets to Tower Bridge from a location near the Houses of Parliament in a matter of moments—in reality, Tower Bridge is several miles away from Parliament. The only bright spot is Jude Law as Watson—a performance that is authentic to the character.And, ultimately, authenticity is the biggest problem. For a Holmes film to work, it does not have to be a faithful reproduction of one of the 60 original stories—the route generally followed by the Thames TV series with Jeremy Brett. To name only a few, Wilder's The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes, The Seven Percent Solution, and most of Basil Rathbone's films have little if any connections with the original stories, and yet they are full of the right atmosphere and character. The biggest problem is Robert Downey Jr.—a wonderful actor whose work I generally admire, but who is all wrong in the part of Holmes. Part of the problem is the dreadful script. Part of the problem is that Downey plays Holmes as too neurotic, too scruffy, and too unpleasant. A scene where Holmes insults Mary Morston (Kelly Reilly), Watson's fiancée, is simply out of character.There is another dimension, which is perhaps a bit refined—but nevertheless significant to a core portion of the audience. Holmes is the best known fictional character in English literature—possibly the best known fictional character in all of world literature. The Holmes stories have attracted exegesis worthy of a Biblical text, and even those who are not of fanatical disposition (like me) are sensitive to contradictions. To name only two—Holmes at one point states that he has never met Mary, which (chronologically in the books) is untrue, and much of what passes between Irene Adler and Holmes does not square with the only story in which she appears, A Scandal in Bohemia.These points would be trivial, if the overall quality of script and characterization were right. They are not. Gregory, the movie cat, whose judgment is infallible, just snorted with disgust and left the room early on. I wish that I had. Don't waste your time.As a long-time Holmes enthusiast, I was not prepared to like the BBC Sherlock. The notion of updating Holmes to the 21st century sounded like a ghastly idea. But this new series—three episodes to date, and I hope many more to come—is flat out wonderful.The casting is spot on. The critical characters are of course Holmes and Watson. Benedict Cumberbatch proves a nearly perfect Holmes—cerebrotonic, neurasthenic, unnervingly intelligent—and Martin Freeman, as an Afghan war veteran (a clever reference back to the originals) is a perfect down to earth foil, and, refreshingly, not played as a dolt. The first of the 3 films, A Study in Pink, is both a cheeky reference to the first Holmes story (A Study in Scarlet) and an intriguing psychological variation on the locked room mystery.Frankly, as urgently as I would suggest that the reader avoid Ritchie's Sherlock, I would suggest watching the BBC's Sherlock. It's one of the most refreshing things I have seen in some time. The atmosphere is right, the characterization is right, and the concept is original. This was the worst portrayal of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's characters that I have ever seen. The plot made no sense whatsoever. As with most new versions of older stories/characters, the main characters become nothing more than street brawlers.Anyone who has read the original stories would see this in an instant, and anyone who has seen the faithful adaptations done by PBS starring Jeremy Brett and Edward Hardwicke will see how poor this movie is.It was so bad, that I walked out halfway through the movie. The only similarity to Doyle's original characters is their names. Holmes was not a brawler. He was an extremely intelligent character who only used cocaine when bored. There was no indication in the original stories that Dr. Watson had a gambling problem. Irene Adler was not a streetwise, slutty thief - she was a renowned, honorable opera singer. Just read "A Scandal in Bohemia." I do like Sherlock Holmes movies. I was quite thrilled, because a new movie about Sherlock is always a good thing. However, i must say i was quite disappointed with the result.Why was i disappointed?1. The plot is simple, the action is slow, and there is no intrigue or suspense whatsoever. You always know all the time who the bad guy is, and how things are going to develop. 2. The duo Law-Downey Jr. seems ineffective to me, and it is unable to transmit positive chemistry. 3. The Ninja abilities of Holmes and Watson are for children, or for brain-dead people. If you want to see this kind of action, it is better to watch a Bruce Lee, Jacky Chan or Chow Yoon Fat movie. 4. The Bad guy, Lord Blackwood, is very thin, does not transmit any fear whatsoever, and it is actually like a dummy. It looks like the bad guy of a Harry Potter movie for 7 year old children. It is in fact so bad that it makes no sense at all, and conveys very poor feelings. He is not a memorable villain, but a very weak villain in a ridiculous Harry Potter style. 5. The use of humor is also very childish and easy, for non intelligent people. 6. Secondary characters like Lord Coward are just pitiful clichés. 7. The use of satanism and black magic might be good for the plot. However, in this case looks more like a bunch of Harry Potter apprentices. The use of a book of spells(new age pseudo-witchcraft) is ridiculous. 8. To sum up, this is a very poorly designed movie, with a very bad plot, an uninteresting story, and grotesque characters. It is just a "harry potter" sherlock Holmes for children and not very intelligent people. However, i suppose that you can enjoy the movie if you are between 7-12 years old. 