I've never written a review before, but this movie angered me so much I felt it's my civic duty to protest.The movie is so full of clichés and unrealistic it's unbelievable it was made by adults. Apparently, we're supposed to derive some kind of psychological gratification from the Freudian symbols of innocence, fatherly love, superhuman strength and righteousness. It actually reminds me of the fantasies I had when I was 8.Here's the plot: a rich, spoiled American virgin girl goes to Paris with a friend and gets abducted by Albanians and sold into sex slavery. Luckily, her daddy happens to be a ex-CIA agent and tracks them down effortlessly, kills and tortures them in a blood-curdling fashion and gets to his daughter just before she gets her throat slit by the evil (yet also stupid looking so you can still feel good about yourself), toad-like sheik. On his way, daddy makes a such a spectacle of killing and torturing people that it makes you wonder whether anyone would take so much trouble if no third party was watching. He doesn't even spare people who are innocent and are unlucky enough to get in his way. Like the wife of a French agent involved in the mess, whom Neeson shoots in the arm, because her husband refuses to give him information on St-Claire. (Meanwhile, their kids have been tucked into bed 5 minutes ago yet they don't seem to wake up. Yep, totally.)All the circumstances are miraculously in Neeson's favor. His daughter is talking to him on the phone when she gets abducted. (otherwise, how would he know? Most victims of sex slavery are poor East European girls who don't have cell-phones, which would be too boring). Also, she's standing in the bathroom from where she can see her friend being abducted first, so daddy has enough time to instruct her how to hide and to shout out the details of their complexion while being dragged away (at which she miraculously succeeds, despite her panic and the struggle she puts up).Also, multiple men can apparently easily get into a hotel room and abduct two girls, but Neeson has to use Spiderman skills to get inside. Well, thank God the bas relief of the wall was adjusted to his height exactly; otherwise, the movie would have ended there.Another point that disturbed me very much is Neeson indifference to the scores of other girls who have been drugged and raped by Albanians. Apparently, the PRINCIPLE of sex slavery doesn't concern him, just the fact that it happens to HIS daughter.In the end, Neeson returns with his daughter to America, with only a broken arm after fighting hundreds of heavily-armed men. Also, he has no trouble leaving France after killing each and every one of them. (France must be a Third World country). Everyone is happy and his ex-wife has to admit he's not such a loser after all. Every Freudian fascination has been satisfied trice over.This movie does absolutely no justice to Eastern Europeans (all Albanians are shown as stupid scum and we're supposed to gloat seeing them being electrocuted), and above all, the REAL victims of modern sex slavery. I could write a lot more about this piece of garbage but I think I've made my point now. Thank you for your attention. To save you the time in either watching this film or reading my critique of it, here is a brief summary: This film is the worst film I have ever seen. This film is atrocious. This film is so unbelievably awful that all the writers, directors, producers and cast that worked on it should be sent to the Hague and tried for crimes against humanity.In the first chapter of this film, three facts are established:1. There exists a man. He's pretty tough. 2. He loves his daughter very much. 3. Aforementioned daughter is going to Paris.In order to establish these three facts, which any competent writer or director could do in about ten minutes, the film takes over half an hour, quite possibly the most laborious half an hour in cinematic history.As soon as the daughter reaches Paris, she is of course kidnapped. Literally AS SOON. So there is a sudden escalation in pace that doesn't leave the watcher thinking "WOW, I didn't see that coming" or "Wo, what a skillful escalation in pace" but simply "OH Jesus Christ SAVIOUR OF THE WORLD THANK GOD THAT SOMETHING FINALLY HAPPENED!" This sudden plot "twist" of course makes the liberal mother and fat, short stereotypically wealthy stepfather look villainous and the absurdly-paranoid-to-the-degree-that-he-should-seek-professional-help father, who believes his daughter is safer in Los Angeles than Paris, becomes the all-knowing hero.And of course the CIA can detect from a tiny and poor-quality voice sample the hometown of any speaker. So we learn that the daughter has been kidnapped by an Albanian gang who intend to sell her into sex slavery. This is of course the point where the film ceases to be just bad and becomes outright immoral: people trafficking with the intent of prostitution is a real and tangible problem in Europe and indeed all over the world (if you want to see an actually worthy film that deals with the issue I suggest "Eastern Promises", "Dirty Pretty Things" or "Spare Parts"). Making it the subject of a Hollywood action film in which the American hero overcomes all the odds to rescue his daughter is insulting to those women who have actually been in this situation. Particularly appalling is the scant disregard that our "hero" shows for the wellbeing of any of the other women. It left me questioning "is it supposed to be ironic? morally ambiguous? No, it's just a film that chose a very sensitive and inappropriate subject for a formula-produced action movie.As the film continues we are given more and more ridiculous scenes that insult our intelligence. One particularly stupid oversight comes when the hero walks into a brothel posing as a Parisian police officer and the villains show absolutely no suspicion of his being impostor, despite the fact that he talks exclusively in English.And the most ridiculously appalling scene comes at the very end. The girl is safe as she returns from Paris to Los Angeles. Finally, back in America, where everyone's safe! In spite of murdering and torturing so many people and shooting the wife of a leading Parisian police officer, our hero steps off the plane with absolutely no problems. Despite her best friend's death and a terrible ordeal, the girl is happy and shows no signs of trauma whatsoever. And in spite of the thousands of women who suffer in sex slavery every day of their lives, a plight which this film does absolutely nothing to enlighten the world on, we are made to believe this is a happy ending.This film is an insult to my continent and my intelligence, and a mockery of so many people who suffer in silence.But I'm European, so of course, I'm an evil people-trafficker n'all... I always root for the little guy, whether it is the character or the filmmaker. It's why I love independent film. It's why I applaud Charles Bronson and Bruce Willis and all the films where they stand up to some half-baked criminal scum. It's why I wanted to like TAKEN, this scrappy little picture that took on big money titles and thumped them at the box office.But TAKEN is a troubling case. As much as it pretends to be a "revenge" picture – and it is as predictable as the worst of them – TAKEN is a movie filled with dangerous, racist ideas. It makes troubling statements about America values, the exploitation of our fears, and the way we vilify sex but glorify violence. What does it say about us as a society that TAKEN, easily one of the most violently offensive movies I've viewed in years, became a box office sensation? Or that it remains so highly rated by IMDb users?Liam Neeson stars as an ex-CIA agent whose daughter is kidnapped by sex traders in France, now the most dangerous country in the European Union(?). He immediately vows to kill these scum; you've got to see his ridiculous negotiation scenes to believe it. And then he proceeds to follow through in a manner that would make Charles Bronson blush. He tracks hordes of these foreign devils down and breaks their necks or shoots them or guts them or chases them into oncoming traffic. He shows no mercy. He's so busy smashing skulls open twenty at a time, that he can't be bothered to rescue other teenage victims of the sex trade.Apparently only his daughter, a pony loving virgin (I kid you not), is worth saving. The rest of the kidnapped girls, dozens of them, are left in drug-induced stupors to be continually raped by bearded Albanians. Not only is TAKEN absolute rubbish, it is absolutely insulting to women, the French, and most intelligent life on this planet.I've never done this before, but shame on all you who found entertainment in this vile excuse for an action film. And shame on Liam Neeson for having participated in this misogynistic excuse for entertainment. It really is that bad, an externalization of the fear of the foreigner, written by Frenchman Luc Besson at a time when his country is attempting to outlaw Muslim attire.The fact that this movie received a PG-13 rating, despite scene after scene of violence and teenage rape is incomprehensible. Way to go, America. Middle-aged, frumpy, self-conscious but talented cookie-making woman is dumped by husband for a younger model. She is devastated. Luckily, her cookies are really good.By the end of the movie, she is head of her own international,cookie-making company. She looks fabulous after the make-over montage. Her ex wants her back.However, this can't happen because she has grown as a person plus she's with a rugged carpenter who makes beautiful furniture but he's rich because he owns a chain of stores selling ethically-sourced home furnishings."Taken" is basically the above but for middle-aged men. Bryan Mill's wife has left him for a millionaire. The millionaire can give Bryan's daughter Kim a much better birthday present than Bryan can. Bryan's ex-wife wants him to let Kim go to Paris. Bryan tells her it is too dangerous. Kim is kidnapped in Paris to be sold as a sex slave. Kim is a virgin. Luckily, Bryan is an ex-spy. He kills a lot of people and saves Kim just before she is about to be raped.By the end of the movie, his wife is eternally grateful because he has saved their daughter, something her rich husband couldn't do. Bryan was right about Paris . His ex-wife was wrong. She knows that now. Bryan is happy. Bryan is a hero.His daughter is eternally grateful. His daughter was wrong about Paris. Bryan was right. She knows that now. Plus she is still a virgin. Bryan is happy. Bryan is a hero.Bryan's daughter wants to be a pop singer. Bryan introduces her to a major pop star who will help make her dream come true. His daughter is eternally grateful. Plus she is still a virgin. Bryan is happy and right ( and everybody knows he was right and are very grateful to him )and a hero. I've always liked Liam Neeson in movies. But this one? I can't blame him for the script or direction or stunts. But I beg the question why Liam? He's far too old to be playing an action here but with the wig in place and a bit of plastic surgery on the face he passes for 60.The violence in the movie is unspeakable and we are asked to suspend disbelief over and over again. Even against machine guns and machetes. And Liam, all by his little old self kills 'em all. Every last one. And hangs off buildings to get into hotel rooms that every one else has easy access to.And he tortures readily, being ex-CIA. And drives in and out of impossible situations.Arabs and Albanians are all bad guys. Sex traffickers. Who speak English. As Liam does. To everyone. In Paris.And Liam only cares about his daughter and not the other unfortunate girls who are also trafficked. And she loses her best friend and is not traumatized one bit.And her Daddy leaves a trail of bodies and mayhem all through France and no one bats an eye and lets him return on a plane to LA which is far, far safer than Paris.I could go on but don't waste your time on this drivel.1 out of 10 My wife and I enjoyed predicting exactly what the next scene would hold. Here is what we found most objectionable:A. The Hero can do absolutely everything. He needs no team and could destroy any army single-handedly, because:1. He never misses. 2. The enemy never hits, because they are Standard Issue Henchmen. 3. The enemy always comes at him one at a time, because the director must like 60s kung-fu movies. 4. The enemy security agents have no training.B. The Albanians don't question the fact that an Englishman with a reasonable facsimile of an American accent is shaking them down, with only a possible stolen business card to back his position.C. All the other dead people are just nameless-faceless ciphers to be deposed of by the Hero in pursuit of the only person that matters, the daughter. The movie has a supposedly nice happy ending, but there are several parents of dead abducted prostitutes morning their equally valuable daughters.D. Someone must have told Morel that Albanians don't send a shiver of repulsion down American spines, like they might do in Italy. Better add some dastardly A-rabs.E. Even French workmen won't line up to have sex with drugged out, track-marked prostitutes. There are plenty of those available in every European train station.F. Albanians aren't going to jeopardize a working business model, which has been going on for decades, of getting nice, reasonably educated and attractive Eastern European girls to work in the western Europe sex industry. Getting wealthy American and western European parents,, with possible high level connections, would be bad for business.G. Of course, Liam Neeson's daughter commands 500k, for some inexplicable reason. After finishing this "film" I was like, when you kick a man in the groin. I was making funny faces (not that I wasn't during the film) and felt really bad for myself and for Liam Neeson. I was thinking, where did he go wrong, from Oskar Schindler to this crap... Usually when I see a good film I'm full of questions about the plot, the characters and everything else. Well I'm full of questions right now, but for all the wrong reasons...First of all, WHY? Why is this film rated so highly? Where did humanity go wrong, if you get to the point where you find this kind of garbage even watchable...Please tell me, what did I miss, so I could go check myself out. Then, whats with the "terminator-superman" hero character, who can recognize a man by 3 seconds of voice sample from a few thousand miles away, and can kill the whole mafia and then leave without a notice to celebrate with his rescued daughter who's best friend was raped and killed only a few hours ago And I can continue on and on, but I won't do it, cause it will only make me more angry If it wasn't for my girlfriend, with whom I watched it, I would've stopped this crap after 15-20 minutes and watch something more watchable...like animal torture...-1/10 (shame on you Luc Besson, and all you liars who rate without thinking a little bit) After seeing the high IMDb rating of this film and reading some reviews, last night I watched this film with a friend of mine in the local theater.1- Well, I think this movie deserves a 3 or 4 tops. I cannot understand why some people compare it with Bourne or even James Bond. Here goes my one star to balance the rating!2- If you like a clichéd film, with a story as deep as a spoon of water with many plot holes, this movie is right for you!3- The reason why I gave this film one star instead of zero is that there are actually some good acting in the film. Also zero star is not an option on IMDb, YET!4- In case you are attracted to the movie because of the name of Luc Besson as the writer, I should warn you that he is not the same Luc Besson who wrote the masterpiece "Leon". He is another person after he apparently did a whole brain transplant a while ago! 5- Some say (actually I read it in one of the comments here) that Luc Besson wanted to fool the American audience and get away with the money! 6- What's up with that 17-year-old girl acting and running around like pre-elementary children all the time? 7- Why are the girls kidnapped just 10 minutes after they arrive in France? Why does the father find all bad people only one minute after he decides to chase them? You know, this kind of exaggeration ruins the film for me! 8- I expect that a spy (even a retired one) have some high-tech devices not just a SONY tape recorder and a walkie talkie! 9- In the scene when father is on the phone with her about-to-be-kidnapped daughter, Why doesn't he ask her to lock the door and call the police? yeah, I know. The French police probably doesn't care about the safety of an American girl. In fact they are probably busy helping out the Albanian gang that rule in Paris! 10- Why isn't the girl even a little bit sad about her friend who was raped and died? One friendly suggestion for those people who described the action scenes in this film as "jaw dropping": You may want to see a "jaw" doctor! OK, here ends my comment. Have a good day! Wow! Judging from the reviews on this site you would think "Taken" was this incredible, non-stop thrill ride, when AT BEST, it's a disappointing rental. Every aspect is far fetched beyond belief.The nasty ex-wife, the rich step father that gives the step daughter anything, who begs the lead for help after he realizes he was wrong,the naive daughter who is kidnapped 20 minutes after getting into the country. Then Liam Neeson springing into action and blowing up every and anything.Every step of the way this film never rises above cartoon status. Reading the comments on this site, I'm frightened for the future of man. Then again, "Mall Cop" was number one two weeks in a row, so I was already afraid. Taken. Sometimes you just wish that you had the power to press 'pause' in a movie and just tell the punters "Look...this is one of the worst movies of all time...it's trash and I'm going to show you why". Taken should NEVER have been made. Now for every reviewer that has liked Taken, let me assure you that you are wrong. Is it that every story has been told in cinema, that we must deal with the same old same old...over and over again?? There was NOTHING original in this film. Luc Besson has proved time and again that he can't write. This is his Citizen Kane! Taken is every action/thriller cliché thrown into one violent shambles. Neeson is a retired agent, who is suffering guilt at a wrecked marriage and at being a bad dad. Yawn. Famke Janssen is the ex-wife. She now is married to a dull rich guy. She rants that Liam was never there for her or the daughter. After spending five minutes with them, you know why! They are horrible! Liam can't compete for the love of his hideous daughter. He buys her a karaoke machine, cos she wants to be a singer! We never get to hear Maggie Grace sing...but then again, we never got to see her act either. New dad buys her a horse, which she rides around her party. Liam takes lots of photos on his throwaway product placement camera...to put in the photo album he keeps of daughters' birthdays. Oh Liam, just don't get all deep and tender and touch the photo...no...NO...he touches the photo!!! Then daughter wants to go to Paris. But really, she's doing all of Europe, following U2! Liam is concerned. The worlds a bad place...and U2 are a bad band! Daughter jets to Paris with airhead blonde girlfriend. They meet an ugly guy with cross eyes. The girls play music really loud and jump around and then the blonde is taken by Albanian human traffickers who were contacted by cross-eyed guy.The daughter phones dad. Then she's 'taken'! There is a fantastic clichéd funny scene as Liam jets to Paris. He holds the tape to his ear,listening to the kidnapper saying "Good luck". He pushes stop, rewind and listens again...and again. It is a side-splitting moment. Within 5 minutes of Taken, you just wish SOMEONE would whack the daughter! She is an acting vacuum and just really annoying. Aaannyway, Liam chases cross-eyed guy, who gets killed by a truck. He's lucky...he got out of this horror story early! Liam does some researching, hangs out in with an Albanian translator...then some hookers. The translator tells Liam that his daughter is at 'the construction site', which Liam finds immediately, because there is only one construction site in Paris! He doesn't find his daughter in the site brothel...but does find her hideous denim bedazzled jacket! He takes drugged girl, jacket and a gun and does some killing and car chasing. Then he saves the girl in his hotel room, with a drip full of stuff to get her over her 'Jones'. Methadone?? Liam is, if nothing else, very prepared for every situation! He starts doing lots of killing around this time. Lots! There is one hilarious scene where he challenges his bent French cop pal (who has just come home with a bread stick under his arm, because that's what French men do! Hahahaha) and Liam shoots the guys wife, then yells, "It's just a flesh wound!!!" as a way of chilling the French dude out! This whole movie is a flesh wound! To the brain. It is funny and it wants to be serious. It is stereotypical, racist, sexist and violent beyond need. Every character is a parody. Liam the conflicted father. The nasty bent French cop. The cold ex-wife. The innocent daughter. The nasty tattooed Albanians...all called Marco! HahahahaLiam eventually finds the daughter. She is being auctioned off. Maggie Grace tries on some method acting as if she is drugged. She fails. Maggie goes for half a million dollars! This is insanely overpriced. Now some of you 'reviewers' noted that this film is important for dealing with the topical horror of human trafficking. Umm...can we stop just there? Stop reading into this film! Stop trying to wring some deeper meaning from it. It is not deep or thought provoking. If you truly thought this was a deep, profound storyline, then you are an idiot. Say it with me "Idiot". There. Better? Good. OK...back to the 'plot'. Liam gets the daughter...then gets knocked out! Then we find him tied up over some piping above his head. How many times have you seen this scenario?? And right on cue, the pipe snaps, Liam really snaps...and he is off on some more killing! He searches through some rooms to find his daughter. He finds lots of other girls, chained to beds...but leaves them. He finds blonde girl, but she's dead. He doesn't seem too worried about this. Tough, is our Liam! Liam then steals a car and goes on a long car chase alongside a river, to get to a boat, with his daughter on board. The daughter is found on a boat, in the arms of a fat greasy guy (the head baddies are always fat and greasy) who looks like Jabba the Hutt! Liam kills him. He kills...everyone really. Then he is calmly allowed through international customs to jet on home with his daughter. No questions asked. Oh...and there is still time to pop around to the singer to drop the daughter off for her big break! How peachy! How anyone could find this film interesting, enjoyable or original is quite frankly, probably retarded. You should probably stop watching movies and at the very least, stop writing reviews praising such a clunker! I don't know what movie the other commentors who gave this film a favorable rating were watching, but it wasn't the one I saw. The opening dialogue between Neeson and the shop store owner made me want to puke. The storyline that Neeson's ex-wife married a rich, rich man is so old and worn out it wouldn't clean the puke that came out of my mouth watching this garbage.Next, Neeson's daughter gets a pony from her step-father? Yeah, it's horse not a pony, but all I could think of watching this dribble is that a 17 year-old is excited about getting a pony. At 17, she's into boys and cars, not ponies. Also, the daughter wants to be a singer, so what happens? Neeson's buddies that night talk him into body guarding a rock singer and someone tries to kidnap the singer, which Neeson prevents. How convenient.Everyone is rich in this film, except poor Liam. Neeson's wife's new husband, his daughter's girlfriend and her relatives. If you're going to kidnap someone for sex slavery, don't kidnap the rich, kidnap the poor. The rich have resources to hire people to come after you.Neeson's a good actor, but sometimes he fails to deliver lines with the proper emphasis. "It was a trailer, not a building." Delivered totally flat.Further, he shows up at the hideout impersonating a French detective and speaking in his Americanized accent. Uh, are we supposed to believe the bad guys actually thought he was French? The most interesting character in the film was the translator and he was only on screen for a few minutes.Luc Besson has always been a disappointment to me and once again he shows me why. OK, the actions scenes are pretty good, but not worth the time watching this film if you like good cinema. The really scary thing is the number of people giving this drivel 8,9 and 10 stars.Can't they see the plot holes, the insulting stereotypes, the total predictability of a weak storyline.Turn the story round - you're an American, what do you think about this; a couple of French girls go to Disneyland but get kidnapped by hoodlums. One of their Fathers flies over, finds a guy who met the girls at the crowded LAX airport, beats him up on the spot, guy gets away, father steals a car, chases the guy, causes freeway mayhem - god knows how many innocent Americans injured and the guy gets killed by a truck. What would American Police do?The French father kills a few more people - shoots at least one in the back, causes an innocent American teenager to get shot in the crossfire, deliberately shoots an entirely innocent American policeman's wife with 1st grade kids awake in the bedroom - don't worry, "it's only a flesh wound". Would someone call the police? What would your police do? 'Rescue' a drugged kidnapped teenage girl but don't take her to hospital - take her to a hotel room, put her in bed, perform medical procedures on her and interrogate her when she wakes. What should your police do? Finds is daughter, totally ignores the other kidnapped girls including his daughter's now dead friend, kills everyone associated with the kidnapping and then - calmly exits through American customs and flies home to a hero's welcome in France. Do you feel your country's been violated? Sure you do. Do you think innocent people have been killed by this man's recklessness? Yes you do. Should he be brought to justice? Of course. Would you give THAT film 10 stars? No way, you'd probably firebomb the theatres it's showing in.But because it's an American father in a foreign country and the hoodlums are Albanian selling innocent American girls to Moslems then it's OK and he's a hero.Can't you Americans see the attitude of mind that's got you in so much trouble when you invade places like Somalia, Afghanistan and Iraq? Each time you see a lousy film, you think nothing could possibly be worse until along comes something that blows the previous one out of the water for sheer awfulness. This is true of 'Taken'. Up to pres, it is the worst pile of junk I've had the misfortune to sit through in quite some time. Quite simply I am outraged that this should score so highly on IMDb and that I should have been taken in by it! Liam Neeeson goes through this looking like some badly made -up corpse, gaunt old features emphasized by an appalling hair-dye job, calculated to make him look younger and perversely emphasizing his age. Lousy script, lousy acting -the worst of which being the daughter who behaves like a demented 6 year old rather than a 17 year old asking to tour Europe. Why would anyone allow an obviously backward/retarded girl to do this? This film absolutely STINKS - it is utter RUBBISH!!!!!! Dozens of gangsters firing automatic weapons at one man and all missing the target etc.. the usual clichés, in fact its so bad its like a parody. Only watch this if you are a particularly unsophisticated/immature 15 year old boy because that's the only type of person who could possibly enjoy this garbage. Everyone has to pay their bills and Liam Neeson must have seen this as a way to pay his, because my God- he can't seriously have thought 'I've just GOT to play this role!' when the script landed on his mat! TRASH that hits a new low for the braindead. Garbage! Clichéd, unrealistic, predictable. I just didn't buy it - just simplistic, plodding and dull - looked like a made for TV movie to me. And I LIKE these types of movies as a rule. I guess the guy next to me as we were walking out summed it up as he heard my buddy and I discussing the movie when he said "maybe worst movie I have ever seen".Oh, and when will movie makers get that the hand held camera thing does nothing for people except make them nauseous? Do they think that a shaky camera will make cause people to not notice that the movie sucks? Sorry - I noticed anyway! Save your money, and go see something that won't insult your intelligence. Yecch It's really sad that such a good actor like Liam Neeson is in this mess (for lack of a worse word). This is a typical (awfull) movie that Steven Seagal has been doing for the last 1o years or so. The movie also wasted a very interesting idea: the plot of an ex-agent trying to rescue his daughter from white slaves trafficker's is actually pretty good. If they had put better screen writers this could have been a very crude, strong and believable film - instead, they want us to believe that: 1) Neeson is sort of a Rambo-Terminator, completely indestructible; 2) the baddies are the worst shots ever seen in movie history - they miss even at point blank range; 3) there are no police or law enforcer of any kind in Paris, since no one eve stops Neeson of killing literally everyone that is in his path. One of the worst action movies in many years. Don't waste your time and money with this trash!! "Taken" finds the daughter of ex-CIA agent Liam Neeson kidnapped in Paris by Albanians and held for sale into the white slave trade, and details Neeson's efforts to save his daughter and her friend."Taken" is a terrible movie. Liam Neeson is a terrible fit for the "aggrieved parent / former CIA agent / action movie" genre. When people applauded, I looked at Don and said, loud enough for people to hear, "You have to be kidding me!" Some of those near us laughed nervously — after applauding, mind you.The script was literally laughable at many points. I can imagine the screenwriter sitting at home using some sort of iLife-type program  "iHollywood Script" or some such  to assembly this dreck from stock story elements. It is filled with cliché after cliché, often delivered by Neeson without a hint of urgency or passion. His banter with his former CIA colleagues, and his ex-wife and daughter, is, conversely, delivered with obviously false passion and good humor. He reminded me of a super-excited infomercial audience member at points.There are many "great" (hint: sarcasm employed here) bits of dialogue throughout the film. I stifled my laughter at several points. Here, however, is the best exchange.Neeson, as "Bryan Mills," meets an old friend from French Internal Security. When he announces his plans to retrieve his kidnapped daughter, his French friend warns him not to "tear down Paris" in his pursuit."I WILL TEAR DOWN THE EIFFEL TOWER IF I HAVE TO!" Neeson replies, again almost bloodlessly.Liam Neeson turned in an excellent performance in "Schindler's List," as the morally confused, yet ultimately upright, Oscar Schindler. I thought he was okay in "The Phantom Menace," and I blamed any failures on his part on the directing of George Lucas (who deserves the scorn of the entire world for that series of abortions, plus his destruction of the Indiana Jones series). In "Taken," however, Neeson simply wasn't up to his usual standard. I wonder if this was perhaps a "paycheck" movie?All that being said, I enjoyed myself because this entire movie was so ludicrous and laughable. I later told a friend that it should be shown to film students as an example of how not to write a film. Further, I learned some very valuable things:1. Jeeps cannot be hurt by any man-made weapon. 2. Nor can strung out, incoherent prostitutes lying in the back seat. 3. CIA agents travel with their own medical drips, needles, etc., to help bring addicts down so as to question them. 4. Albanians in France do not notice if, when claiming to be a French agent, you speak to them in slightly-British accented English. 5. You can leave France after committing multiple murders and other felonies with nary a whisper.There are other lessons contained therein, of course, but these are the ones that stood out in my mind. I read some of the reviews of this movie before I watched it, and expected it to be good. Instead it was probably the worst movie I have ever seen. Not even Liam Neeson could rescue it from being complete rubbish. It was riddled throughout with clichés and stereotypes, along with non-stop fights, shootings, chases and virtually everyone being killed by Neeson in his search for his kidnapped daughter. It could have been a good story if some subtlety had been used in tracking down the villains but there was none, and the ease with which he found them was laughable. in addition, the total lack of concern for any of the other girls was appalling. The ending was especially pathetic. Suddenly the daughter, after the nightmare experience she had gone through, was back to being the all-American happy teenager that she was at the start of the film. Totally unrealistic. This movie was not the work of experts, but a group of random amateurs who saw too many Steven Seagal movies and wanted to cash in on prejudices held on "SOME" of these actors' past successes. The IMDb score tricked me into thinking this was worth the time, but let me give feedback appropriately by mentioning the best things first and then go on to the worst parts.The only good (funny) part:When the protagonist contacts a previous CIA contact, that turns out to be a fraud, he shoots the man's innocent wife in the arm, in order to get information. As my bro said, she was depicted as a French housewife, whose life held no value. This was pure dark humor, that got me laughing, because this cutthroat abusive behavior is not the behavior you expect of someone (supposedly) ex-CIA, but expect of a retired pimp.Then the worst parts: The disregard of all life forms that are not American. It is as though this movie hopes to accomplish complete disregard for all human life forms outside the USA, he kills so many people and ignores the suffering of so many girls that have the same age as his daughter that you end up hoping there will be some mention of these factors in the last minute of the movie. Nonetheless, in the end all that matters is the safe return of the spoiled American brat. Nobody cared for the other girls used as prostitutes, because they were not American. A note to the writer: this move plays out in France and THIS IS NOT THE MATRIX OTHER LIFE FORMS DO EXIST!!!!!The plot. As there was none, it was all predictable if you ever saw a Steven Seagal movie, except most of those actually have some form of content... The movie The innocence of M. was a movie with a plot of a similar level.Portrait of France. This country known for its refined culture is portrayed as a poverty stricken third world country, that happens to host the Louvre and some museums. This is confirmed by, the protagonist never considering contacting authorities and instead decides to kill all criminals he meets himself. The Credibility. Ex-CIA? Yeah right, for the sake of the USA I hope the CIA has more Intelligence... like I said, he was more like a retired pimp who's stash got busted and was out for revenge. This movie does not attempt to have you believe 10 seconds of its story line, it's all fantasy of an overexcited Steven Seagal fan. The acting. After the first scene I hoped his daughter would just die, because this spoiled brat can't act! She sucked in Lost and still does. Furthermore, everything resembles a Steven Seagal movie, the only good actors in this movie are possibly the French female addict, he only helps because she is wearing his daughter's jacket (BTW, she gets discarded after the protagonist gets his information). Furthermore, the protagonist was mediocre at acting, he used the script as a bible and unfortunately his face only knows 3 expressions: anger, anxiety and satisfaction. But, 80% of the time he just portrayed an angry tourist.My recommendation is if you have an IQ above 45, this movie will not meet your expectations of a movie made by people with an IQ above 20. All this movie tries to inspire is to randomly kill people while you're in a foreign country on vacation or looking for your spoiled slightly retarded daughter. This piece of trash gives all Americans a bad name and does not teach anybody anything, save yourself, the time, money and breath it takes to deal with this product made by amateur American Hollywood residents without a passport. The exposition was jaw-droppingly clunky. Critical moments were utterly unbelievable. Generally terribly written. Most disturbing is that the two main concepts that this movie delivered was a) that torture is not only justified but yeah bring it on, and b) the secret services or 'intelligence' agencies are noble, just, heroic and generally the good guys, whereas history and the current global situation shows us clearly the opposite. This is a cringingly obvious propaganda piece for the new world order and its torturing, murdering servants. Really there is nothing more of interest in this trashy, badly-written, clichéd rubbish. Watch it only as a student of modern history interested in propaganda. TakenIt being a miserable rainy Monday morning I decided to take a half day off work and go to see Taken. Not having heard anything about this movie I didn't really know what to expect. What a let-down! Do not waste your time time to go see this rubbish. Luc Blesson's writing has reached a new low, which I didn't think was possible after "The Transporter", you would be forgiven if you forgot that the same writer gave us the wonderfully dark "Leon" and equally sublime "Nikita". Now if ill-legal sex trafficking isn't dark enough subject matter, then it shouldn't of been approached in the blasé way that it was. I am very surprised with Liam Neeson for taking such a role. How some eastern European terrorists could actually miss Mr. Neeson, yes all 6ft 4", while shooting machine guns defies belief.With this said some of the fight sequences are well choreographed, but be under no illusions, Bourne Trilogy this ain't! The sequence of events is just implausible, you cant but help laugh. I think it will suit American audiences more than European with all it's gun-ho lets beat the Muslim terrorist rubbish.A highly disappointing outing for what could of been a good twist on the action genre given the subject matter. I decided to comment after seeing this get 8.0 here on IMDb. That's a sad commentary on something in society. This movie can be summed up as "geriatric Jean Claude." I'll also mention that if you want to produce unbelievable nonsense like this, you should try to create characters the audience can actually care about to some degree. The key point here, though, is that everything was as unlikely as possible. The daughter just happens to be kidnapped by sex slave traders. The father just happens to be some sort of "black ops" expert, etc. This really comes across as the fantasy (or nightmare) of a guy having a mid life crisis. I suggest buying a red corvette instead, but if you can't afford it, I guess you can always rent "Taken." If this is even a "fair" movie, Bronson's "Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects" should have cleaned up at the Oscars! I won't waste any more of my time on this. i am serious here if you watch this film your precious time will be taken & you will have nothing but regret.what made Lian Neeson join this project is money only nothing more,if you see the script of this film you will laugh its more ridiculous then a Steven sea-gal movie,i really like Steven but he is making bad movies nowadays hope he brings something new but Liam Neeson is always my favorite ever since i saw him in batman begins 2005,plus what is Famke Jansen(golden-eye 1995) doing her shes is a fantastic actress now this bad film is added into her career.look at the plot here its a good plot ruined by foolish elements thrown in the story,an ex CIA guy goes to Europe to save his beloved daughter she was kidnapped by some Albanian thugsBrayan(Liam) talks to kidnapper's & speed jumps to Paris like superman, OK i get it its a movie but didn't we all see this type of films before,Clint Eastwood made a film like that too i remember i wont compare this to other films because its a insult,the story was about the dude and his daughter so why the hell his wife and other guys are involved and where is the damn police in France,its a straight to DVD film gone theatrical id say.the cast is good,the actions scenes are worse then Wesley Snipes movie,if you like Liam Neeson and Famke Janseen then go ahead watch it otherwise stay away,its a bad film from start to end with a bad climax.My Rating is 1/10 one of the worst film of Liam Neeson so beware this film will cost you money and time,all taken nothing given. I cannot believe that this film achieved an average score of 8 out of 10 on IMDb. I was actually gob smacked and disturbed by this film.It seems to be a twisted modern day fable from Hollywood which teaches rich teenage girls that leaving the shores of the USofA, will result in becoming a drug addicted sex slave! Eventually sold to some Arabs, you must admire Hollywoods ability to shoe horn Arab's into being the bad guys at the end.Some of the action scenes in this film were good, if it wasn't for the vile under current, then it would be be a passable bit of no brain action circa a 4 out of 10 but there is no way in the world that this is an 8 out of 10 film. I checked IMDb before getting me the Blu-ray. It said 7.9, wow. So I was looking forward to watch a thrilling movie at home on a Friday night. But what did I get? Liam Neeson recently made some poor decisions concerning the characters he represented on the screen, I already thought he might be running out of money. Dumb stereotypes like the bitching ex-wife, her new of course old and rich husband, a retarded daughter of 17 who acts all the way like a 7 years old and the Neeson character himself, the ex-CIA torturer / killer, but therefor ridiculously enough all loving and righteous are totally insulting each educated public's intelligence. But even worse are all those cheap prejudices against people from the Balkan states or Arabia. Of course they are all criminals without exception and are invading countries that like to see themselves as the crown of civilization, which is nothing less than sheer fascism. Following this perspective it is only logical and without a shadow of a doubt allowed to kill each and every of these "parasites" in the most violent ways, which are all shown detailed to guarantee a most disgusting pleasure. Of course Liam Neeson being a deadly one man army with no scruples whatsoever kills an entire legion of these subhuman beings throughout the film, which finally presents us the most predictable and sugar-coated happy end. What have we been served? A trigger happy superior white man who blows away all the low life crooks from evil countries where everybody has a darker skin and can never be anything nothing more than woman trafficking cockroaches that need to be squashed as they deserve it. Again: this is only one thing: fascism on screen. Quo Vadis, Liam Neeson? Don't waste your time on this. 7.9 on IMDb is a total joke. The storyline is thinner than your average weekend movie. Liam Neeson is acting is if he were Clint Eastwood that got stuck in a terrible script. Really, this movie is really very, very bad. If you really want to waste some of your precious time on this: be my guest. But don't feel sorry after wards. Actually, giving a movie a flat zero is not possible on IMDb, which is a shame. This movie totally deserves it, from the acting performances to the script. The really funny thing is of course is that this joke of a movie got two sequels no less. Two, yes two. Hollywood, go home, you're drunk. 