John Wick (2014) is the best revenge flick from Keanu Reeves of 2014 from The Matrix (1999) to John Wick (2014) another action fast paced, Entertaining slick action packed film, which kind I have never seen before. It is a very fun, straightforward action movie with an 80's sensibility. It's nice to see Keanu doing these types of roles again. It is one of my personal favorite Keanu Reeves movies. Keanu Reeves is a bad ass what a great action packed blood packed film. Movies should really learn from this on how to make a decent action film, especially with the crap we are getting today like escape plan bullet to the head and such. This film to me is the greatest action film to come out in this century. Keanu was phenomenal the action was so fast paced and exciting my jaw literally dropped as Keanu took out all the bad guys! I personally think this film is better then all Taken films combined. It was simply brilliant, it was made for 20 million dollars and I am glad it made 40 million in the US. I think this film deserved to make 100 million!Old school action with no shaky cam. Definitely the best stunt-man-turned-director-debut I've ever seen. The story is set about John Wick (Keanu Reeves) a retired assassin, who gets dragged back into his field when the Russian Mob put a hit out on him, but instead of killing John, they steal his classic Mustang and kill his newly acquired puppy. This sets John out to exact revenge on the whole mob in a no nonsense kind of way...multiple shots to the chest and one to the head for good measure type of justice. I've never seen a film where the gun play is this to the point and precise as this. I don't know what the body count is, but it's gotta be up there...way up there. Oh...and another thing...they actually reload the guns. Don't see that that often in films. It's got an all star cast of cameo/small roll characters, from Ian McShane, William Dafoe, and John Leguizamo, and I swear one of the bad guy henchman is that "Mayhem" Insurance guy. One of the Best Movie, that Keanu Reeves ever made. From start to finish. Non stop action, all scenes look very realistic. ( The best action movie of the year. ) I Love this movie so much I think the people behind this movie made a great astonish action movie. There are other things in the movie that I love so much. I even think John Wick is so much better than 47 Ronin (2013) that Keanu Reeves made. The most that I love in this movie is Adrianne Palicki as Ms. Perkins I think she did one of the best job portraying and playing the most memorable female assassin I have ever seen. Ms. Perkins made me realized and inspired me that there are a lot of women who choose occupation as a female assassin hired by the mob. There were a lot of female actresses who played an assassin but I have never see any women portrayed like that. Adrianne Palicki is a bad ass! She even played Lady Jaye in the G.I. Joe Team's covert operations a specialist in the movie G.I. Joe: Retaliation (2013) one of my favorite movies. The fight sequence between John Wick and Viggo Tarasov is real and very realistic I did not see any CGI in it. This wouldn't be an action movie without some action. There's plenty of it, and it's perfectly done. The The stunts are completely insane in scale. There is a lot of gun play and powder even the guys reload guns. There are even Daniel Bernhardt from Bloodsport II and The Matrix Reloaded in it. And he was perfect in here and the fight scenes with Keanu Reeves were well done by him. This is the first time In the movie I see Willem Dafoe been the good guy. I haven't seen him in decades playing the good guy since Platoon (1986) my favorite Vietnam war movie! The last thing about the movie I want to say that John Wick was a dog lover and I love dogs. I love how he avenge the puppy's death by mobsters who killed him and than he saved another puppy from the animal shelter when he was wounded. He wasn't a superhero without any bruises on him he was wounded. Keanu Reeves did a wonderful job better than he did in Knock Knock (2015) I only hope they want screwed up the sequel and making much better action movie than the first was.When sadistic young thugs senselessly attack John Wick (Keanu Reeves)-a brilliantly lethal ex-assassin-they have no idea they've messed with the wrong guy. With New York City as his bullet-riddled playground, Wick embarks on a merciless rampage, hunting down his adversaries with the skill and ruthlessness that made him an underworld legend That is the main plot the rating I am giving this movie is a 10/10 because It deserves it.John Wick is something special. It takes as much time setting up elaborate action sequences as it does the world with which it all takes place in. And what a world it is. It reminds me of Millers Crossing and it is cooler than any other recent attempt at noir. We are shown a criminal underworld where, if you are connected, many powerful people know who you are and show you respect. John Wick was connected but he got out. He is the rare killer who has found peace, and he is grateful for that peace. Some young kids steal that from him and he does what he does best, he wages a one man war against the Russian Mafia. It might sound like the film takes quite a leap but it all makes sense. The motives of John and the people who get in the way of his bullets are all very clear, even if it does come across as rather simple. That's the plot at it's most basic. Then there's the action. The film is directed by Reeve's stuntman from The Matrix, so this guy knows action. There are sequences that flow so smoothly it puts other action films and their quick cuts to shame. Keaunu moves so fluidly throughout the film and comes across as such a natural that the only disappointment is that we have not seen him like this before. Along the way are plenty of character actors, fans of The Matrix and The Wire will recognize a few people then there are more obvious ones like Ian McShane and Willem Dafoe. Everyone seems to be having a good time. That is another plus for this movie. It get's dark at times but overall it is quite fun, not very chipper, but fun. I cannot recommend this movie enough. I believe it is a must see for action fans and for anyone looking for something a bit different from the usual fare.What a great movie, This movie is a non-stop fun roller-coaster ride. I love Keanu Reeves. He is perfect in this film. This is the type of movie people will see over and over again. Waited in a long line to see it but it was well worth it. Amazing special effects, great acting, great everything. Best movie I have seen all year. Keanu Reeves is back after a long break and he is better than ever. This is like a combination of Speed and the Matrix combined. Directors Leitch and Stahelski have created a beautiful looking action picture, one that is large enough to deserve the IMAX experience.John Wick is the real deal. It is a amazing action picture, filled with strong performances by a cast, along with superb action set-pieces and a genuinely interesting world to boot. Reeves commands the screen and reminds us why he is still a genuine movie star.This movie is filled with action, highly recommend it to someone who loves action movies.I got to go to a press screening last night! The movie is brilliantly paced, with fantastic (nonshaky cam) action that all feels fresh, new, innovative and unique. Had the theater gasping through each action set piece. the main character despite his unique skill set is very relatable. Keanu was at the top of his game and the director used Keanu's strengths and didn't bring up any weaknesses. Also Don't WATCH any more than the first trailer because I thought it spoiled a major part of the first act MINOR SPOILER ALERT (but was mentioned in the trailer so it shouldn't be a spoiler) the fate of his dog is revealed and would be better not knowing it going into the first act of the film. The supporting cast was great, except whenever i saw the State Farm guy (Mayhem), it took me out of the movie a little bit. But the film brings me right back in! I can't wait to see this again! It doesn't necessarily need to be seen in theaters but any movie is better in the theaters. The most surprising thing about the movie is how funny it is. i found myself grinning and laughing along with the rest of the theater throughout. Yet it doesn't drown out the Intense Drama that is the sturdy shell holding the movie together smoothly. The world that was set up was done perfectly and even though i don't want a sequel i would definitely see one either set in same universe or continuing the story arch from this movie. However the movie does stand on its own two feet as one that has a conclusive ending. The only flaw i found leaving the movie was that the dialogue at the end was a bit muffled. but this was a test screening so i'm sure that will be fixed by the time the movie is released. So for that i give this movie a 9.5/10 and recommend this to pretty much anyone with a like of action movies (yes even if you're female you will still enjoy this movie at least for the first 2 acts)No major spoilers. If you like the action genre done well. Watch John Wick. Vehicles flying around at high speeds, great gun play and kungfoo stuff. This is an action movie! Yes a very violent one and done well.Its been a few years since we have had a well made action movie for a mature audience that could warrant being a new trilogy. Unlike The Expendables. This one is it. But if it dose not happen. Its sure to be a singular cult classic. Especially with its refusal to be a shoot em up style of show, but a shoot em in the face style of show. As well that one of the main plot features, put simply, is that Wick is seeking out vengeance because of the murder of his puppy. Any way no more info. Watch and enjoy.It's pretty much a comic book. The John Wick Universe. Step up from the Matrix. Minimal CG which was cool. It's over the top because that's what it was going for.Finally! An actual action movie with good action in it and an absolute diamond in the fluff. Instead of the usual Hollywood action films as of late, they managed to not sacrifice quality for wokeness-diversity-oppression-de-jour.This needs to be cancelled immediately.I didn't know what to expect out of this movie. When I saw the trailer, I wasn't really impressed. Nothing about it really caught my attention. But then I started hearing things about John Wick, very good things, and ratings for it were high. That's what really caught my attention for it.John Wick is a former hit-man who retired from his profession when he found a woman he loved. When his wife dies suddenly, John wishes to grieve alone until a few days later when he realizes his wife left behind one final gift for him; a puppy. After a minor altercation leads to an even bigger one when thugs decide to break in, steal his car, and kill his dog, John Wick decides that retirement would have to wait until his revenge is fulfilled.What makes John Wick different from other shoot em' up movies is that we're provided with details of John's former life, including old partners and a hotel front which leads the audience eager to wonder the many tales that can be told about John Wick. The movie is fast paced, never really a dull moment, and it always keeps you wondering what he's going to do next and how. Also, his style. John Wick loves using the double tap to his advantage.What else can I say? John Wick is an amazing movie and I can't wait to see what the sequel(s) will provide for us.Bad asss movie I love it, it was totally worth the watch.