Nearly hundreds of actors have played Sherlock Holmes and his sidekick Dr. Watson, and it may seem rash to call Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law the best Holmes-and-Watson-duo so far. But I've been a Sherlock Holmes fan my whole life, and most of the portrayals I've seen of the character only focus on an aspect or two of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's character. In Guy Ritchie's film, as in Doyle's "canon", Sherlock Holmes is an avid boxer, a martial artist, a dabbler in many sciences, and a master of disguise. Most importantly, he's an expert in logic and deduction. He playfully torments his housekeeper Ms. Hudson (Geraldine James) and shares an antagonistic but symbiotic relationship with police Inspector Lestrade (Eddie Marsan).The movie opens with Holmes and Watson apprehending serial killing Satanist Lord Blackwood (played broodingly by Mark Strong). Blackwood is executed, but when he seemingly rises from the dead, the deductive duo must determine whether it's a supernatural occurrence or if there's a logical explanation. It's exactly the type of mystery Doyle would have devised, with plenty of twists and opportunities for Holmes to show off his genius as he races to stop a plot to take over England and (gasp!) America. Everything from the experiments Holmes performs in his Baker Street flat to his climatic revelation of the mystery on the Tower Bridge seems perfectly in line with Doyle's writing.One of the only departures from the canon that bothered me was Sherlock's introduction to Dr. Watson's fiancée, Mary Morstan, played as a delicate English rose by Kelly Reilly. In the stories, Mary was Holmes' client in "The Sign of Four" before Holmes first encountered Irene Adler (Rachel McAdams) in "A Scandal in Bohemia." Then again, the continuity of the stories was rarely important to filmmakers, or even to Sir Arthur, so I'm just nitpicking.As a film on its own merits, "Sherlock Holmes" is almost perfect. The movie's opening shot grabs you, and Guy Ritchie's directing stays gripping all the way through the end titles. His version of Victorian London is moody and atmospheric. Hans Zimmer's quirky score blends well with the film's tone and Downey Jr.'s off-kilter Holmes. Meanwhile, Jude Law transforms Dr. Watson from the bumbling comic relief of most movies into a cool, competent sidekick. Perhaps owing to his own considerable acting chops, he's the rare Watson who manages to be as interesting and watchable as Holmes. When he leaps into action, he relies on a sword-cane and a trusty revolver, while Sherlock favors a riding crop (which die-hard fans will recall was his preferred method of self-defense in the canon). Rachel McAdams manages to tweak Sherlock's classic adversary into a feisty action heroine. All the while, another familiar adversary skulks in the shadows.Even when Sherlock Holmes feels a little bit more like James Bond, he doesn't feel any less like Sherlock Holmes. Ritchie finds a way to depict Sherlock's fighting as a mental exercise as much as it's a physical feat. In the same way, though "Sherlock Holmes" is grander and more commercial than Guy Ritchie's usual films, it doesn't feel any less like Guy Ritchie.What a ride. "Sherlock Holmes" left me giddy. I absolutely loved it. It was thrilling, funny, stylish, fast-paced and brilliantly acted.Downey Jr. is a delight to look at. He eats up the screen. He gives the character all sorts of mannerisms and nuances which really bring Holmes to life like never before. The chemistry and interplay between him and Jude Law is hilarious.I wasn't a big fan of Rachel McAdams's performance, but it didn't detract from the experience. I felt she just didn't bring as much to the table as the others. (Kinda like Katie Holmes in Batman Begins.)Guy Ritchie really outdoes himself here. The way he uses the camera, the motion, the fluidity, the snappy pacing - I loved every minute of it.A really fantastic movie. Well done.I cannot find out why people rate this so low. They must have not read any of the original stories. Holmes was indeed a childish man. Brilliant, but has a childish side. And he knows how to fight, as he does in a few stories. People need to read ALL of the books, and then make their assessment. Otherwise, they're just slandering a fantastic movie they know nothing about.A+If there is one genre I began to detest over the years, it was the 'buddy-action' flicks. You know the movies where two guys who aren't exactly friends are forced to form an uneasy alliance which leads to hilarious escapades. It's only been done a thousand and one times, note the long line of duos: Bruce Willis & Samuel L. Jackson ("Die Hard 3"), Will Smith & ("Wild Wild West"), Chris Tucker & Jackie Chan ("Rush Hour"), and let's not forget Jackie Chan and Owen Wilson ("Shanghai Knights"). Though many (but certainly not all) of the aforementioned films are indeed funny, few have any real lasting qualities and even fewer a challenging storyline. The best they can often do is throw an alluring female co-star between the two leads, but I digress.This film however, stands a monumental achievement. Firstly, the cast is really something else. Robert Downey Jr. as our titular character, and he does a bang up job playing a man who's a mystery in himself. Jude Law is entertaining and I'm glad Eddie Marsan was aboard. Mark Strong makes for a very impressive antagonist, and Rachel McAdams is a seductive femme fatale of sorts. The gloomy setting, 1800s London, couldn't be better realized and it definitely gives the film a darker tone. Most importantly though, the story is truly a one-of-a-kind detective tale. It really is a pitting of rationality vs. superstition, and to my heart-thumping exhilaration for the majority of the film you would think good old logic had been defeated. Moving on before I spoil anything. The plot twists and turns menacingly, and leaves one astounded by the effort put into the writing.Lastly, kudos to composer Hans Zimmer who did a very catchy leitmotif that fit the film perfectly. The gray-blue cinematography is great, and I've got to congratulate Guy Ritchie on his feat.How fitting for an intelligent hero to emerge in theaters on Christmas to dispel silly superstition. Guy Ritchie did a great job portraying this master detective based on the actual Doyle stories and did not rely on the old Holmes movies. In other words, this movie was a good adaptation, not a remake ten times over. He made Holmes more than an armchair detective and focused on the crime fighter that Doyle intended.I especially enjoyed the visuals, including London with its filthy unpaved roads and the flat at 221B as it probably should look with two bachelors living there, especially with one with an intensely curious mind. I liked how the movie focused on Sherlock's ability to fit in with criminals as well as his ability to fight—both of which are hinted at many times in the fifty plus stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.I like too how Ritchie dispensed with the curved pipe and deerstalker hat, neither of which really is mentioned much in the stories. The violin was a big part of Holmes' stories, and I like how he strummed the instrument in the movie while thinking about his cases. Something a thinking person would do.Finally, this was cast in an interesting way. The actor who played Lord Blackwood (Mark Strong), and even Jude Law, have physical features more identifiable with Holmes and they may have thought they were going to play the role when hired for the film. Instead, Ritchie cast an unlikely actor, American Robert Downey, Jr. This worked because Downey comes across as a mind that it always busy. Downey might also relate to Holmes' drug addiction, which was not shown in this movie but is hinted at (sloppy apartment, disheveled appearance, experiment of drugs on dog, bored when not working, etc.)The music in the movie was up-tempo and musical, suggesting a busy mind. The plot was a little bland and a lot like the plot of The DaVinci Code, but the feel was right for Holmes. One of my favorite aspects of the Holmes' stories was that there was always a mystical element thrown in. Doyle was a spiritualist and brought a certain otherworldly darkness to the mysteries, until Sherlock's keen brilliance illuminated all the swindles and schemes, just as he did in this movie.Everything about "Sherlock Holmes" is stunning, from the gritty, realistic Victorian London, to the wonderful performances by the film's fantastic four; Downey Jr, Law, McAdams and Strong. I enjoyed every minute of the film, and found that it matched the mental images that I had created while reading the books far better than any previous adaptation, and I include the celebrated Granada television series starring Jeremy Brett in that list.Robert Downey Jr's Holmes is not a starched, middle aged gentleman with every hair in place who sits in an armchair and looks pensive, but as the man from the stories; a younger, rougher individual who is perfectly happy to play dirty to get what he wants, and whose body is as powerful as his mind. He's brilliant, and so is Director Guy Ritchie, who keeps Holmes' incredible deductive powers at the forefront of the movie by showing him using them to neutralise his opponents. And Watson...Jude Law is perfect. Fat, bumbling old man? I think not. He never was in the books, and he isn't now. Instead, he's young, handsome, intelligent and not afraid to tell Holmes just what he thinks of the great detective's bad behaviour. His friendship with Holmes is everything it should be – not the hero/sidekick dynamic created by Rathbone and Bruce, but rather a friendship between two men who are as close as brothers, and who can't live with each other, but can't live without each other either.As for Irene AdlerRachel McAdams is pretty good. She didn't quite feel like Holmes equal, and she was a little young, but she certainly was a femme fatale, and had plenty of guts and gumption. She was also capable of getting down and dirty, which earned her a gold star in my book. Her relationship with Holmes is believable, and not nearly as romantic as some would claim. She flirts; he resists; she does something nasty to him. Like chaining him to a bed. Naked. Last but not least, Mark Strong does a wonderful job as villainous Lord Blackwood, considering that he has to be a plausible antagonist, but not bad enough to outshine Moriarty, who is set to appear in the sequels. Strong has certainly set the benchmark for future Holmes' villains – whoever is going to play Moriarty is, will have to be really evil now. Overall, the film is gripping and very believable: the sets are beautifully detailed, none of the stunts are overdone, the actors all play their parts to perfection, and Guy Ritchie certainly wasn't the wrong man to direct; his confidence in his abilities is what allowed him to make the film dirty and gritty and fresh. When coupled with an amazing score by Hans Zimmer, this film is certainly the best film of 2009, and will continue to be great through 2010, and well into the future.I have been a Holmes fan since I first started reading Sir Arthur Conan Doyle in 8th grade. I have been disappointed with other filmed versions of the past, and I was skeptical of this "newer" Holmes. My children took me (as a gift) on Christmas Day. I was prepared to be silently critical. Imagine my surprise when I was speechless with joy. And what was most surprising, my sons, who are not Holmes savvy, enjoyed the movie as well. It was a delight to the eye, a heartfelt, wistful return to adventuresome reading and a bit of jolt to the adrenal system. Congratulations to Guy Ritchie for this fabulous recreation of Holmes and gang. And to Downey and Law, special appreciation, it was like falling in love again. I was gleefully entertained and thoroughly satisfied. Bravo !Sherlock Holmes.An amazing movie, action packed, stocked with very funny jokes and a great cast. The chemistry between Jude Law and Robert Downey Jr. is one of the best I've ever seen in a movie, and trust me, I've seen loads.To me, this movie is a Sherlock Holmes Movie finally the way it's supposed to be!! The story is interesting and keeps you amused and engaged, it's definitely impossible to doze of during this movie.I love the way Watson and Holmes are so different, but they are still best friends. They can't live with each other, but they can't live without each other. They feel they have to protect each other.If you haven't seen this movie yet, go to the cinema's NOW! This is a must-see!With films such as this I feel stuck in the middle of targeted audiences; I love it when a series gets restarted but I'm always on my guard and at my most cynical.If you've ever had the hours of your life stolen from you with films like Wild wild west or The League of extraordinary gentlemen, then you know exactly what I mean when I say that it is rare indeed to see a movie set in the 1800's that isn't a load of historically inaccurate, technologically ridiculous, propriety insulting garbage.Sherlock Holmes (much to my great relief) has forgone that pitfall by a giant leap; the technology in the movie fits the time period very well- we are allowed the pleasure of seeing 'the future' of that time, but nothing absurd like a giant mechanical spider or a machine gun crossbow. The settings are wonderful. I'm not a British historian, but I know quality sets when I see them, and for once it's not Tim Burton that's responsible (meaning that they're good Gothic settings, but not unnecessarily bleak.)The fact that Robert Downey Jr. stars as Holmes made me even more on edge; he's just isn't who would come to mind at all. But the humor and intelligence he brings to the role is refreshing and wholly natural. We're not subjected to the unbearable smugness of your average super-protagonist, but rather an almost childishly humorous grown man, weary but curious of the world around him. Downey's English accent flows comfortably, so well in fact that I would risk getting a beat-down from his bodyguards to hug him for not putting me through another Nicholas Cage type accent abomination. I was never really in to Jude Law or Rachel McAdams but both of them also fell into their characters with winning performances, Law being the sidekick that keeps the hero in line without being annoyingly mean, and McAdams the love interest/femme fetale without being over the top, clingy or trashy.The story itself will wind your brain around a bit until the end, but isn't that why people have been in love with Sherlock Holmes for so many years in the first place? It will not bore you for a second, and it wraps up very nicely at the end (although you'll probably want to go over it your head again after you've left, which is a good thing)And last but not least, anyone who's ever read Sherlock Holmes will notice a plethora of accuracy, hints and homages, from Watson's limp thanks to the Jezail bullet that passed through his leg in the Afghan war, to the photo of Irene Adler that Holmes kept as a reminder of the only woman who ever outsmarted him.So take my advice and don't miss out on something this rare in concept; a quality revamp that pushes boundaries instead of ignoring them.People who complain about this film tend to be people who just don't get Sherlock Holmes at all or stuffy Sherlock Holmes fans who believe they have managed to figure out the character in all entirety and that no one can defy them that.Well I found this film extremely exciting. The direction was very good and the fight scenes well placed and humorous. Also I thought Hans Zimmer's' soundtrack could not have been improved because it was absolutely superb. Not only all this but as a big plus it had amazing special effects.As soon as I had seen the film and had been transported back to my childhood by this excitingly fast paced movie, I sat down to reading The Return of Sherlock Holmes. The books I had to say surprised me, for of the little criticism I had read of the film it was doubts on how correct the attitudes were to the books. Now taking that into consideration I expected to begin reading a very dull long story about a righteous, stroppy gentleman, which was the image the criticises had given me. However I found Sherlock Holmes to be very much more like Robert Downey Jr's performance (which was amazing by the way), he was quick witted funny and always having little banters with Watson, teasing him.So Robert Downey Jr I believe really brought out the true Holmes. Also Jude Laws performance defo improved Watson by giving him more backbone, brains and making him all together a lot less worshipping of Holmes, which was obviously a good thing. Rachel McAdams played a very good Irene Adler. :D