The lights dim, the movie begins with a brief prologue, and the zany and incredibly weird opening credits begin, set to a creepy cover of Led Zeppelin's "Immigrant Song." From the beginning, we are in for a wild ride as Stieg Larsson's incredibly popular novel "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is brought to life on screen.Scorned journalist Mikael Blomkvist is called upon by Henrik Vanger, a very wealthy man, while writing a book. Vanger is in search of an answer to the disappearance of his niece, Harriet, which occurred over 40 years ago. He assumes that Harriet is dead, and that she was murdered. He looks to Mikael to investigate her disappearance and who killed her. Then Mikael gets assistance from Lisbeth Salander, a dangerous but intelligent 24 year-old punk who is an accomplished computer hacker and a great contribution to the solving of other crimes. Together, Mikael and Lisbeth go on a dark, eerie journey into a world of crime, Nazism, and corruption that will lead them to Harriet's assassin.I walked into "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" with almost no knowledge of Larsson's novel or the Swedish film made a few years before David Fincher's version. The end result is ultimately an extremely satisfying, brutal, and complex thriller thanks to great direction by Fincher (known greatly for his work on "Seven," "The Game," and "The Social Network"), excellent writing, and an impeccably chosen cast.After only a few years, the character of Lisbeth Salander has become an attention-grabbing heroine that is as iconic as Edward Cullen of the love-it-or-hate-it "Twilight" series. And we can understand why. After all the truly awful and hideous things that have plagued her life, Lisbeth doesn't take any crap from anybody. She may be angry, violent, overtly sexual, demanding, and perhaps a little crazy, but she is a genius at what she does, and has reasons for all of her actions, no matter how gruesome they may be.The mystery surrounding the film is sophisticated and white-knuckling, adding to the intensity and mood of the story and its characters. We're not sure of who is Harriet's killer, or if Harriet is even dead, until the last half hour of the film, and when we do find out the twist, it leaves a stupendous impact.After cementing his reputation in brutal crime thrillers, and surprising us with "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" and "The Social Network," David Fincher was the right man for the director's chair. Every film he makes, even a drama like "The Social Network," sets up a tone of genuine suspense, tension, and fear for the characters. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" isn't any different as Fincher adds his signature touch to the movie.Of all of the people they could have chosen to play these roles, the casting director landed in a pot of gold. Daniel Craig does a wonderful job as Mikael, showing us that he can play characters other than James Bond. With the amount of screen time she has, Robin Wright is also very good as Blomkvist's business partner Erika Berger. Christopher Plummer and Stellan Skarsgård also turn in great performances as Henrik Vanger and Martin Vanger.The person to really watch out for, however, is Rooney Mara as Lisbeth Salander. Getting her big break in the underrated remake of "A Nightmare on Elm Street" and later starring in Fincher's previous film "The Social Network" (giving a dynamite performance in the opening scene), Mara has sealed her future with many more promising and exciting roles because of her portrayal of Lisbeth. This is not an easy role to play, knowing that Mara is the second person to play the character. She must endure two shocking rape scenes and a torture sequence, and there is a hefty amount of nudity involved. Mara embodies Lisbeth, immediately bringing immense intimidation, danger, and fury every time she comes on to the screen. Her eyes are wide and emotionless, almost as if you can see right through her. And with everything that has happened to the character, we understand that Lisbeth has a right to be that way. She may be smart, but she is not interested in attraction or friendships with another human being. Overall, Mara gives a sensational, fearless, dedicated, and electrifying performance that guarantees an Oscar nod.Being released during the cheery time of the holidays, "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is not a feel-good film, by any means. It is a harsh, gritty, and rough cinema trip that answers the question of leaving the kids at home with the babysitter. Also, if you're squeamish, you will not like it. However, those who have read the book, and those who have not read it, should check it out. Even without having read Larsson's novel, I left the theater completely satisfied. It is a movie experience that you don't commonly get. Fincher has done it again. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is a must!Chilling, haunting and relentlessly thrilling, director David Fincher has created the definitive film adaptation of Larssons best seller whilst at the same time improving on the source material. A brilliant performance from Rooney Mara only elevates the film to greater heights The Review:Ill cut to the chase: this is everything fans of the books could have hoped for, its miles better than the already good Swedish film, its more faithful to the novel, in some places it actually improves on the source material.With "The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo" David Fincher has put his trademark darkness to fantastic use. Whether its sweeping shots of freezing, snow covered Sweden or wonderfully eerie interiors Fincher creates an unsettling atmosphere that is unrelenting and technically perfect. With Fincher i've learnt to expect a beautifully shot film and this is no exception, within this film are some of his greatest images. Regarding the disturbing nature of some scenes, Fincher is wise enough to show them in all their horror but doesn't stop to linger or exploit.The performances are perfect all round, Its clear Fincher and the casting production went to great lengths to pick not only great actors but those who embody the very essence of their characters. Of note in the supporting characters are Yorick van Wageningen who plays the sadistic Bjurman with unsettling believability and the always great Christopher plummer who is note-perfect as the desperate, loney grandfather Henrik .- As one part of our central duo Daniel Craig puts in his finest performance, normally cast as the tough hero Craig is more subdued here, he has Blomkvist easy charm down to a T but also captures the weak, submissive aspect of his character. - Lisbeth Salander is a character unlike anything fiction has ever seen.broken,pierced, clade in leather with short black hair and a body so slight the wind could break her, she is horribly victimised but refuses to be one. To sum it up she is one of the most interesting and difficult characters an actress could ever play. I could honestly write a whole review on the brilliance of Rooney Mara's performance, she is the very essence of Lisbethas if the character just walked off the page. Mara commands every scene with a mixture of silent burning rage and a deep rooted venerability. Her eyes are the heart of the film, her reactions are the reason myself and the others around me laughed, gasped and even cried. The character requires an actress who can internalize her emotions yet at the same time convay a wide range of feelings. Mara does this such perfect skill, every glance is charged with deep feeling as if you're looking directly into her soul. A brave performance, Mara bares all in the nude scenes and goes to frankly horribly dark places in the now informous scenes of sexual violence. Watching Rooney Mara is witnessing the birth of a star, this is the best performance of the year and if the Oscars fail to reconzie her i will lose all hope in their judgment. The score by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross is perfect, eerie and unsettling. It is as good as their Oscar winning score last year if not better, its more understated and does what every score should do....improves the scenes not overpower them.This is by and large a perfect adaptation, my main issue lay with one singe sequence. There is a shot that seems to be there solely for the purpose of showing off, it serves no real purpose within the story. The most touching scenes of the film come from the characters themselves, this is a character driven story and none are more powerful than Lisbeth and Mikeal themselves. Fincher makes their relationship the focus and it pays off, they are the heart of the books and Fincher rightfully recognises this. Proving that sometimes "american" adaptations can actually be for the better this is a film nobody should miss...its everything the novel is, plus some. More than anything i was impressed by the humour that is added through-out, this film will make you laugh, it will break your heart and it will make you want to take a shower.Anyone who knows David Finchers work knows he is one of the most creative and talented directors of this generation. He blew everyones mind with his adaption of 'Fight Club' almost 15 years ago, and again with his masterpiece of a film 'Se7en'. Speaking of Se7en, this is probably Finchers best effort since that film. All of his movies are amazing in their own respect, but this one will be one of the films that everyone will remember him for. The opening titles use Trent Reznors(amazing man from the one man band Nine Inch Nails)reinvented version of Led Zeppelins 'Immigrant Song' with Yeah Yeah Yeahs singer on vocals (I think?). This will remind many people of Se7ens creepy beginning. One more comparison to Se7en, is the forensic CSI type detective work done throughout the film. Truly a great homage to himself.Now like many have said, this is not a remake. This is an adaption of a book. I kind of dislike when people get those two mixed up. If I adapted Bram Stokers Dracula into a film, would it be a remake of the hundreds of previous Dracula movie attempts? I digress.David Finchers version sticks closer to the novel than the Swedish version did. I do however love the Swedish version and didn't think I would love an American version more, which I do. There were only two American directors I would have voted for the job, and they were David Fincher or Christopher Nolan.Now for everyone thinking this is a Hollywood adaption and that all of the rawness of the Swedish version is toned down then they couldn't be more wrong. This is at times more raunchy and sadistic than the Swedish version. It is even slightly longer since it incorporates more from the book. There are more sex scenes (for the people who didn't read the book and like that kind of thing in a movie). There is a lot of detailed smart and important dialog. Most of the film relies on the talking and conversations between the characters. Many will find this boring, but dare I compare it to Se7en again? Yeah its like that. The actors and actresses do a nice job and are all believable. Daniel Craig pulled off the role perfectly. If you think about it, he kinda looks like the actor that played in the Swedish version. Rooney Mara made art with her performance as the now infamous Lisbeth Salander. I didn't think anybody could beat the performance from Noomi Rapace from the Swedish version. Both were amazing but Rooney slightly surpassed Noomis performance. I just hope she can work with it again in the next films of the series. Rooney has already gotten Golden Globe recognition and I hope to see her name at the Oscars. I hope this movie gets recognized with the directing at the Academy too. The visual style of this movie is pure eye candy movie art. The Cinematography is also worth mentioning. Even if you haven't read the book or haven't seen the Swedish version, this film is a near masterpiece.The rape scene is there and it is as vulgar and uncomfortable as ever. It will surely have trouble staying in some theaters because of some of the nastier and darker graphic scenes. The way a lot of the grotesque makes you have to use your imagination is also used. This movie will make you think and hate people that abuse women or any type of helpless human being. Many people will walk out on the abusive scene. It is definitely one of the most graphic scenes being released in wide release in the U.S.All in all, this movie is a great adaption that stays true to the novel and doesn't use gimmicks to make money. It is raw and realistic. I ask that if you haven't read the book and have the spare time that you use it to read the book. I'm not saying to let it get in the way of your life, but it truly is an experience worth it.THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO (2011) **** Daniel Craig, Rooney Mara, Christopher Plummer, Stellen Skarsgard, Robin Wright, Joley Richardson, Steven Berkoff, Yorick van Wagenigngen, Goran Visnjic. Filmmaker extraordinaire David Fincher's highly stylized techniques meet their match with the Americanized adaptation of the international best-seller by Stieg Larsson's novel (skillfully orchestrated by vet scribe Steve Zaillian) about disgraced Swedish journalist (Craig nicely underplaying the bookish Mikael Blomkvist) who teams up with troubled yet tenacious researcher savant/cyber-punk hacker incredible Lisbeth Salander (Mara in a truly audacious Oscar worthy performance; one for the ages) after being enlisted as a detective/writer for hire by industrialist magnate Plummer to investigate the mysterious decades-old disappearance of his young relative, a girl who may have met her demise by a nefarious cabal –their family. With a knotty plot involving rape, Nazis, torture and other-things-that-go-bump-in-the-collective night, Fincher keeps a sharply clear-eyed viewpoint : the inhumanity humanity inflicts upon itself in the vicious circle of life's evils unleashed. To wit: one of the most harrowing on screen rapes and the subsequent vengeance thrust upon her attacker, Mara's Lisbeth Salander becomes an iconic character with her ingenious plans and underestimated resilient intelligence. From its relentless Trent Reznor cover of Led Zeppelin's "The Immigrant Song" with its post-BONDian title sequence the film gets its tenderhooks in you..and.never.lets.you.GO! One of the year's best films!I know when the announcement came that they were making an English version, groans began over the disregard for the Swedish originals. I can't say I blame them, how many times have I liked a series only to hear that they're completely rebooting the films. The cycle seems never-ending and it only gets worse when you see the remakes and they're just not as good, plain and simple. Thankfully with this new version, it isn't the case. I've been a fan of David Fincher's since Fight Club but more recently with The Social Network. He just has this way of capturing moments that not only look beautiful, they feel really raw and emotional. This film is the perfect example of that as it follows Lisbeth Salander through her investigation of a multi- decade mystery. Not only is the film perfectly cast, with relative newcomer Rooney Mara, it's a pretty faithful adaptation to the literary version as well, with only a few minor changes and one major alteration fans may not expect. Mara knocks it out of the park for me in this one. I know praise is deserved for original Noomi Rapace but I can't help feeling Mara really embodied Salander. Someone who wasn't a goth but a lost soul who can't connect to others. Daniel Craig plays off this perfectly as the charismatic reporter leading the aforementioned investigation. Unlike the Swedish version which stared Michael Nyqvist, I could really see Craig as the ladies man he often portrays on screen, but it's a hard contest for anyone, so no disrespect toward Nyqvist fans.In short, the movie from start to finish is the perfect combination of great directing, story telling and acting. Is it hard to watch at times? Yes, but Fincher wouldn't be doing the book justice if he didn't include the good, bad and at times, the very ugly that made up the series. The story after all is in some ways more about Lisbeth's journey then the mystery itself. The journey from the powerless to the unknowingly powerful. My advice for any viewer would be to give the movie a chance, even if you're a devoted fan of the originals. This one might just surprise you.Part owner of Millennium magazine, Mikael Blomquist (Daniel Craig) is convicted of libel, but has some time before sentencing and is hired by Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer) to find out what happened to Harriet, his niece, who disappeared 40-years ago and is believed deceased. Mikael hires Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara) to help with his investigation. I believe most movie goers have seen the Swedish version of this movie and are busy comparing notes of what was similar, different and so on. So let's get to it.For my part, I have also seen the Swedish version and it was excellent having watched via sub titles, but I must go on record as saying the US version is just as good but perhaps, more clear regarding the story line. The Swedish version had too many sub plots that had one memorizing them to see what impact they would have on the main story. None is the answer. Differences......there are some. The setting is Sweden, but the currency is not touted in Swedish Kronas, but USD; no accents were heard and they were clever enough not to show us traffic direction signs that were in Swedish. In the Swedish version I do not recall Henrik Vanger purchasing controlling interest in Millennium magazine. Where Harriet is discovered is completely different in this version. Does it matter? No. There were no lingering shots of the landscapes as were in the Swedish version. Pity, I missed them. One big difference is that in this version Mikael tracks down Lisbeth to help in his investigation whereas in the Swedish version it is Lisbeth who hacks into Mikael's computer to give him clues re the disappearance of Harriet as she knows what he was hired for by Henrik. Then Mikael feels she can help him. Does this make any difference to the story? No.Now for the question I just know you have: Who was the better Mikael? Michael Nyqvist or Daniel Craig? They were both excellent and no one outdid the other. But, let's get to the real question: Who was the better Lisbeth Salander? Noomi Rapace or Rooney Mara? Both were excellent, and could have been interchangeable, but..this story made the Rooney Lisbeth softer, more giving. But, we cared more for the Noomi Lisbeth because we wanted her to be softer, more giving and she wasn't. But we still cared more for her. See? Also, the Swedish version had more story face time with Noomi than with Rooney. Both versions had the sex scenes between Mikael and Lisbeth but the US version showed them 2-times whereas the Swedish version only once. In this version, Lisbeth orally servicing her Guardian was shown more graphically and the rape scene seemed to go on longer here than in the Swedish version. More total frontal nudity was shown in this version. Both versions are very good and quite engaging and the differences do not hinder the story, but in the US version things become clearer without the non-important sub plots that were in the Swedish version. If you didn't see the Swedish version, this version will do. But, if you want to compare notes..Now for the question that still remains: Is there another country that will do a remake of this story? England? India? (hey, India makes more movies than the US. Why should they be left out? Huh?) And, yes there are two more stories to this trilogy. Any takers on the horizon? (10/10)Violence: Yes. Sex: Yes, 2-times. Nudity: Yes, frontal too. Lesbian Kisses: Yes. Rape Scene:Yes and quite graphic too. Language: Yes. four F-bombs were counted. Rating: AI stumbled upon the "Millennium series" in 2010, while I was browsing through internet. The cover of the book looked interesting enough for me to place an order for it. By the time book had arrived I had gained some information about the author and his rather unfortunate demise. It seemed quite mystifying to me that author died shortly after handing his manuscripts to the publisher. Any ways, as I started reading it; I knew that I will like it for sure. As it happens with most readers, I too had a mental picture of how Lisbeth would look in real life.For me she was a real character, a real person, whom I dreamt of meeting one day and telling her how awesome she is. As u may have guessed, by the time I finished reading the first book I had ordered the next two instalments already.Then I heard about a movie series based on the trilogy. The problem was where I could find them. Finally I caught 20 minutes of the "The girl who played with fire" Swedish version on HBO.Was the movie good enough?Did Noomi Rapace justify the character of Lisbeth Salander. From what I could make out of 20 minutes of movie,the answer was "yes". Of course I had imagined Lisebth Salander a bit differently but she was close enough. I had also expected Mikael Blomkvist to be a bit more charming. Then came the news of English version of "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" directed by David Fincher, starring Daniel Craig as Mikael Blomkvist and Rooney Mara as Lisbeth Salander about whom I had never heard before. I was Excited and why wouldn't I be. After all Daniel fitted into my image of Mikael Perfectly but I had my doubts about Rooney. Finally the day came when movie released but to my utter disappointment its release in India was delayed. Date of its release was set as 10 Feb 2012.So I was looking forward to that day and reviews about the movie only added to my anxiousness. But fate wasn't on my side. Movie was cancelled in India due to some images in movie which" Indian censor board" found disturbing. What can I say other than, I hated them for it and I even wrote them an e-mail expressing my utter disappointment. Somehow I got my hands on its Blu-Ray version from someplace. Finally came the judgement day. To tell you honestly, how did 2 and a half hours went by, I Don't remember. It was like reading the book again but even better. Lisebth was exactly what I had imagined her to be. Everything was just "PERFECT". The acting, screenplay, direction, music,everything was top notch. I have nothing but only good things to say about the movie. It was an experience worth having. Rooney Mara played Lisbeth Salander perfectly and Daniel Craig left no stone unturned. It felt good to finally see my mental image of Lisbeth take shape flawlessly. I have rated the movie a 10/10 in IMDb, because it accomplished its purpose and much more. I felt so deeply moved after watching the movie, that I sat down and Wrote this review. I am really looking forward to next instalment in the series. Finally I would like to end my review with these lines from the movie... Dragan : "She is different"Dirch:"In what way?" Dragan:"In every way!"OK it may be sacrilege but what ever, sue me! I have never read the book(s) or watched the Swedish version of this movie. My review is from the point of view of, "I wonder what movies are playing, ooh that one looked decent in previews, lets check it out." OK now that that's out of the way.The opening of the movie is in my opinion, just plain awesome! Good music and an interesting visual sequence of dark fluid forming/reforming into/over human form. I enjoyed it and it really got me interested into the movie before it had started.The movie opens up basically telling us that the main character just lost a case as a journalist for writing bad things about some big time hot shot and it cost him his entire life savings. That's it in a nutshell, so he's pretty much down and out. He eventually gets a job opportunity from a rich old guy that wants to find his niece whom went missing like 40yrs ago.We then get introduced to Lisbeth who is straight up rough cut and looks like the type of chick you stay away from. I'm a motorcycle guy so she scored huge points with the motorcycle and her helmet was awesome!(though I don't see how she could have a perfect mo-hawk after taking off a helmet..). We find out at this point that she's a VERY good investigator type that watches people and gets information.Lisbeth to me is amazing. She shows this rough outer edge and you can tell she's always "scheming" in her head, always in control, always 2 steps ahead. Even during the most cruel scene in the movie, she still had the guy, even though it didn't seem that way at the time. you'll read other reviews where people say she was too soft, I don't know where they get that from. Lisbeth DESTROYS a guy that tries to take her purse, Lisbeth is the one that dominates our main character through the entire movie, she calls the shots, directs him and even saves him. The man who violates her, nearly urinates himself every time he saw her after that, not a strong woman?? My Butt!! I really enjoyed this movie, it was nice for once to have a different plot and a entirely different flow to a movie. I have to say the ending surprised me but the more I thought of it, the more it made sense, it's reality and that's all. I felt bad, but it definitely made me want to see a sequel.Go see this, it's an awesome movie! Unless you're like a die hard original person and you only like the Swedish version.Despite any reservations a viewer might have about a prompt English version re-make of a very successful Swedish film still popular in this country - the first novel in author Stieg Larsson's Millennium Trilogy, namely GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO - this version of Larsson's story is immensely successful. Much of that is due to the tightly woven screenplay by Steven Zaillian and the extraordinary direction by one of our most gifted directors, David Fincher (Fight Club, The Social Network, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, Seven, etc). But also the gifts of the musical composers Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross (with a bit of help from a very well placed Morten Lauridson's 'Lux Aeterna') and the bitingly vivid cinematography of Jeff Cronenweth. Add to that one of the finest collection of actors ever to collaborate on a project and the result is a film that is so engrossing that its very long length doesn't seem long enough!Everyone knows the story by now: disgraced journalist, Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig), escapes to an island in Sweden at the request of Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer) to investigate the 40 year absence of his niece Harriet. The Vanger family is as dysfunctional and bitterly cruel an ensemble as could be imagined and everyone on the island wants Mikael to leave. The case fascinates Mikael and he gains access to the services of an associate, the very bizarre and brilliant pierced, tattooed, punk computer hacker named Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara). As they work together in the investigation, Blomkvist and Salander uncover immense corruption beyond anything they have ever imagined. There are indelible characters along the way: the disgustingly sadistic Nils Bjurman (a brilliant role for Yorick van Wageningen) who mistakenly sexually abuses Lisbeth who in turn has her own manner of revenge), the wily Martin Vanger (Stellan Skarsgård), a brief but impressive Dragan Armansky (Goran Visnjic), Anita Vanger (Joely Richardson), Inspector Morelli (Donald Sumpter) etc etc etc. Every role is cast so carefully that there is never a missed beat in this huge ensemble.For those who love the Swedish version of GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO this English version will surely satisfy. They are different but for this viewer the English version is far more memorable. There is considerable frank sexual activity, torture, animal abuse, and there are some gruesome scenes: they add and must be there. Kudos to all concerned. And yes, Rooney Mara really is that fine! Grady HarpI love this haunting, beautiful movie, it is one of my all time favourites and I can't wait until it is available on DVD. Having watched the Swedish version first, I was very impressed and surprised by how good this American adaptation actually is.Daniel Craig is excellent as the journalist Mikael Blomkvist and plays the understated leading man role to perfection. Rooney Mara is compelling as the dangerous and damaged computer hacker and, strangely for an American movie, plays the role with even more perversion than her Swedish counterpart, something I didn't think was possible. The opening credit scene and score is amazing and will stay with me for a long time.