I had very high expectations going into Isle of Dogs, being a great admirer of Wes Anderson's work, and especially off the fumes of his previous film, The Grand Budapest Hotel (2014). If you look at Wes' filmography, you will notice that each of his films progressively become more focused, detailed, and "Wes Anderson-ey". It feels as if his films have been building to a culmination of sorts, which can be represented with Isle of Dogs.The story revolves around a young boy, Atari, who is seeking his lost dog with help from a pack of dogs on Trash Island, right outside of Megasaki City (word-play on Nagasaki), a fictional future city of Japan that is exiling dogs due to a "canine flu" outbreak.From a filmmaking viewpoint, Isle of Dogs has it all in spades, and more. The characters are well rounded and relatable, even though the majority of them are dogs. The presentation of the story is very fresh and unique, and the humor is always smoothly intertwined with the narrative and visuals. With a runtime of an hour and 40 minutes, it flies by, always keeping your attention and further engaging you. The stop-motion animation is very well done, and the way it is contrasted with beautiful Japanese imagery is stunning. The soundtrack is also excellent, and aids in telling the story. There are many nods towards Japanese cinema, chiefly Akira Kurosawa's films, which you can tell that Wes has a passion for. The voice cast is star-studded and wonderful as always. There are plenty of twists and surprises, and the film leaves the viewers with some important messages/themes to ponder over. It is best to go into the movie knowing as little about the story as possible, and let it take you on its journey.This film will greatly reward repeat viewings. The attention to detail in every frame is incredible, and there is always so much on the screen to absorb and process, in the best way possible. I believe that Wes Anderson has the most distinct and easily discernible style of any filmmaker to ever live, and this quality alone is something to be praised very highly.If you love dogs, Japanese cinema/culture, stop-motion, and animation in general, then you will love this film all the more so. Isle of Dogs, shows Wes at his full unfiltered creative power, stretching his capabilities, and giving us something truly remarkable.Ineffable Films: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls052767730/I knew I would be in a for a treat (no pun intended) when Wes Anderson would make another Stop-Motion animated film the first being Fantastic Mr. Fox which I really liked and is one of my favourite Stop-Motion films of all time, that's the only film I have seen from him but now I should more of his films since Fantastic Mr Fox really impressed me.I was really pumped for this movie since it's by Wes Anderson, it has a huge cast and it's about Japan and Samauri Dogs fighting, now that sounds amazing, I hope Wes knows what he is doing with this and thanks to my local cinema getting a early screening on Sunday the 25th, I was delighted to see film early before coming out on the 30th, so I did see it and......... I LOVED IT!, this is even better then Fantastic Mr. Fox, this could arguably be one of the best films of this year, so what's it about?.In the city of Megasaki, Mayor Kobayashi banishes all flu infected dogs to a island called "Trash Island" where all dogs live in a grey, unpleasant, rotten and dangerous island where junk food is thrown away and other props that have now turn into junk, however a 12-Year-Old boy named Atari Kobayashi travels to the island to look for his loyal bodyguard dog named Spots (voiced by Liev Schreiber) with the help of five other dogs, Chief (Bryon Cranston), Rex (Edward Norton), Boss (Bill Murray), Duke (Jeff Goldblum) and King (Bob Balaban).So from what I just said, you'll know what will happen, in just the most basic way possible and it will be just as generic as any other animated film, but not this one, Wes Anderson put in so much elements in to one and for some strange reason it.... actually works, comedy, drama, suspense, adventure, fantasy and sci-if, all of these elements in this movie work off each other with every unique turn, it all stays on point with It elements and doesn't feel out of place, it creates atmosphere and different moods, the film also have genuine emotion that anyone who has dogs can relate to and can pull off really funny moments at the same time can be quite mature, the film also have moments that I didn't see coming and quite graphic and a bit sweary for a PG which shows Wes is taking risks, seeing the film as more of a adult film then a harmless family movie, I never thought I would say this but this is not only a original idea with it's fantastic direction, writing and a powerful moral about Dogs should be treated equally and old things shouldn't be replaced with new things to change the future, in all honesty this much effort feels so.... groundbreaking.The animation is fantastic, I know it's expected for a stop-motion film like this but you can't help but be impressed by it, comparing it to Fantastic Mr. Fox, this animation has ideas, for example the different styles used when a character is seen on CCTV cameras or when characters are seen in a far distance is used in different art styles and it works unbelievably well, the characters have a down to earth and real look to it, the dogs are all each identified by their types, you can tell who's who from Chief to Nutmeg to Jupiter, their fur moves normally like wind is blowing through it, which is such a unique small detail that is just creates realism and believability, the humans look fantastic, looking almost realistic with very expressive faces, they all have a unique look that stands out as well, the backgrounds are so well-crafted like the city is a place full of colour and makes you feel welcomed while Trash Island has a grey, dirty, nasty, unpleasant and sad look to it that again creates a mood of misery and fear, the animation truly knows how to make stop-motion animation look impressive, extraordinary and beautiful fall at the same time.The characters are all unforgettable and so likeable that people will have at least one favourite, They all play a part in the plot that gets it going and they all have a moment to shine to show who they are and what their goals are, my favourite characters are Chief, Spots, Atari, Rex, Tracy, Nutmeg and Jupiter, they all have personality and some memorable about them, same with the villains, they create fear and conflict with our heroes and they can be quite intimidating, the voice acting is top-notch, with big names like Bryan Cranston, Edward Norton, Scarlet Johansson, Bill Murray and Jeff Goldblum and the rest of cast as well, everyone put in great voice performances, Bryan Cranston, Scarlet Johansson, Liev Schreiber and Greta Gerwig all stand out for me and just put so much emotion and effort into their performances, I'm happy that the major character have development and all the rest have a purpose with wonderful voice acting.And on a side note, the score by Alexandre Desplat is one of the best movie scores I have ever heard, seriously, check it out, it's so fascinating, but after the movie of course.So yeah as you can tell I love this movie so much, need I say more?, an originally plot, groundbreaking and brilliant animation, characters that have development while others all have screen time with a moment to shine with wonderful voice-acting and an amazing score, people if you love Fantastic Mr. Fox and/or Wes Anderson, you'll love this, take the kids to see this one if they can handle blood and swears, it's a mature and adult film that everyone must watch, please see it while it's still in cinemas because we need more stop-motion films to prove that they can still make money and bring us something timeless, but Wes Anderson, you did me proud, cannot wait to see the next stop-motion you make next.I'm at delighted to give Isle of Dogs a solid 10/10.A timely political story. A very bad guy is in charge. He needs a scapegoat. Dogs are it. The dogs are all sent away to a kind of concentration camp. The dogs are just regular people-like dogs. They do need outside assistance. A good guy helps the dogs organize and overcome their oppressors and their human-like failings. 
 It is beautifully told with characters and landscapes drawn from Japanese historical art style. The cast and the vivid landscapes are fabulous to see. And it is all believable.A Family Friendly Tale of Friendship.For Wes Anderson's ninth film, the auteur director took what he learned while making "The Fantastic Mr. Fox" and and expanded upon it to make his magnum opus. Mixing the mediums of Stop Motion, Puppetry, Miniatures, Still Image, Traditional Animation, and Tableau for this stunning homage to the Japanese 'Iki' Aesthetic. Taking place "Twenty Years in the Future" from whenever you're watching, in the fictional Megasaki City on the Japanese coast, "Isle of Dogs" on its face is the story of a boy, Atari Kobayashi (Koyu Rankin) looking for his dog / bodyguard, Spots (voiced by Liev Schreiber) after Mayor Kobayashi (Kunichi Nomura), Atari's uncle and guardian, passes a law that banishes all canines to the offshore "Trash Island" after an epidemic of "Snout Fever" has infected nearly all the dogs in the city, though the Mayor may have a more nefarious plot... While not the simplistic "Cats Evil, Dogs Good" of some other family friendly film fare, the pooches portrayed feel betrayed by their mislead masters. After six months, Atari steals a small plane and crashes on Trash Island to seek out his four legged companion, and is recused from the wreck by our hero pack, Rex; the leader of the pack (Edward Norton), Boss; the former mascot of a Little League team (Bill Murray), King; the face of a popular dog food (Bob Balaban), Duke; a gossip (Jeff Goldblum), and Chief; a stray (Bryan Cranston). Atari and the Pack also must fight off henchmen who work for the Mayor, in their search for Spots. Meanwhile on the Mainland, we learn of the evil plot set out by the Mayor, to replace all the dogs with robots, made by his company, and he is also responsible for spreading the puppy plague, and it is up to a small group of science minded students to defend the honor of man's best friend. While there is an All Star voice cast, including Ladybird scribe and director, Greta Gerwig as American Foreign Exchange Student, Tracy Walker, and Oscar Winner, Frances McDormand as an international wire service interpreter, the rest of the cast are Japanese, speaking in Japanese with no subtitles, their characters intentions and body language are enough to convey what they are saying despite a language barrier. The only subtitles are on Japanese text, and the film cleverly states at the beginning, all Barking is translated to English, as a way to respond to cultural appropriation critiques. "Isle of Dogs" is not a pastiche of an American Filmmaker wanting to make a movie set in Japan with American actors. This is as close to perfect as hybrid storytelling can get. A very Japanese film, told in Wes Anderson's personal way of whimsy. The Dogs love their masters and don't understand why they've been sent here, but when a "master" comes to Trash Island, they do what Good Dogs do, and protect their human. The way the corruption gets handled is also very Japanese as well, it is firstly in the name of business, and what is best for their bottom dollar, and the bad guys go about their plans legally, until the legality becomes their downfall, and rather than fight and lie, the bad guys accept their fate, as they acted dishonorably. Composer, Alexandre Desplat, brought his A-Game to Isle of Dogs as much as he did for Shape of Water and Anderson's last live action feature, The Grand Budapest Hotel (both films which Desplat won Oscars for), his haunting melodies will have you whistling Atari's little 3 note ditty on your way to your car after. Cinematographer Tristan Oliver, of Wallace and Grommet pedigree and Anderson's lenser for Fantastic Mr Fox outdoes himself, with how visually interesting with every frame of Isle of Dogs, partially due to Production Designers Paul Harrod and Adam Stockhausen, who won an Oscar for Grand Budapest Hotel as well. Harrod, an expert on the Japanese Aesthetic and Stockhausen, an expert at Wes Anderson's Aesthetic flawlessly fused the two styles. 10/10The Japanese had company. Hayao Miyazaki was not the only iconoclast of cel. Martin Rosen, a relatively unsung British filmmaker, just like the Ghibli founder, rehabilitated the perception of animated films as being solely a child's preoccupation, following up "Watership Down", adapted from the Richard Adams young adult novel with "The Plague Dogs", whose lab animal storyline provided Wes Anderson with a template for "Isle of Dogs". Actually, Anderson utilizes both films: From "Watership Down", the one about rabbits, he replicates its storytelling device, the prologue, in which a narrator tells the story of The Great Frith, a JC figure who is at the center of the hare's religion. El-ahrirah is Adam. It's their creation myth. The animation style(best described as moving children book illustrations) differs from the impressionistic watercolor look that follows. The rabbit creation myth gives the burrowing mammals an interior life. In "Isle of Dogs", the prologue is named as such, titled "The Boy and the Headless Ancestor", it recounts a history of cats and dogs, a history that has more in common with folklore than scripture, told through Japanese woodblock paintings. The ancient art form, indigenous to Japan, gives way to stop motion animation, indigenous to 19th century America. Although there is no transfigured creation myth in "Isle of Dogs", the filmmaker reinvents the human form of the carpenter into a warrior who challenged the hegemony that cats held over dogs by slaying Mayor Kenji's forefather, founder of the cat worship-based religion. The renegade Kobayashi defector was immortalized as The Boy Samurai of Legend. Cats and dogs don't need to look toward the stars. They have masters. It's people who need a higher love. And in this alternate universe, instead of a text, a consecrated book that connects mankind to the spiritual world, the dog is the text, or cat, depending on what the pet advocate believes. Such are the properties of the canonical in this domesticated animal-centric world that Anderson lays out. Petting a dog brings you closer to God. Petting a cat brings you closer to God, too.The lay of the land, home of the brave, Anderson replicates then displaces, our current political climate, moving the partisan fighting to an island nation. Two factions exists, pro-dog and anti-dog, and both sides, not just the latter, take on the personification of a social activist group, more so than a religion. The two sides, brainwashed by state propaganda, don't seem to understand that their mutual enemy is Mayor Kenji, the current dictator of the cat-loving Kobayashi dynasty. Before the wood blocks, there is a diorama, and the objects within this diorama convey more than a passing resemblance to eastern faith. The formally dressed man, a high priest of sorts, moves ritual-like precision inside the tableau adorned with cats; he hits a gong, lights candles, bows, and claps his hands together twice in reverence of the sacred feline. The cat worship is government-sanctioned, the dominant religion whose leaders of an apocryphal Japan devised a campaign against dogs by expropriating the chemical industry to cleanse the country of man's best friend. At a town hall meeting, Professor Watanabe, the Science Party candidate, introduces a cure in the works for snout fever, a dog serum that would stave off the planned deportation of dogs from Megasaki City to an adjunct island. But the people reject science; the people turn into an angry mob; the anti-dog demonstrators, once former dog lovers are now cat lovers, a conversion to the fictionalized native eastern religion propagated by propaganda. They throw things at Watanabe, setting his female assistant into action. Yoko Ono stares down the anti-Science crowd as she moves the professor away from the lectern. Yes, that Yoko Ono.In his lifetime, John Lennon wanted Ono to get credit for co-writing "Imagine", a song that takes gentle aim at belief systems as the intervening hitch whenever peace talks are attempted and inevitably fail. In 2017, Lennon, posthumously, finally got his wish when the National Music Publishers Association(NMPA) added Ono's name alongside her late husband as the co-author of "Imagine". The temptation is there to posit Watanabe as a stand-in for Lennon, since in "God", a track off the ex-Beatles first solo album "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band", he renounces his past association with the Maharishi. The professor dies, but there is ambiguity in the cause of his death. Under house arrest, Watanabe eats a boxed lunch comprised of sushi, then stops to inspect the final piece, suspecting poison. He tastes the laced wasabi, but the filmmaker cuts away before we learn if that tentative lick was enough to kill him. Did the professor ingest the whole of the wasabi? Does he want his assistant to get full credit for the dog serum? The cure for snout fever is finished after his passing. At the sake bar, Tracy Walker, a student activist, confronts Ono about the dog serum. The bartender slides down a bottle of blue liquid. Look at how close Ono moves her face up to the glass. Like in real life, she remained silent about the truth.It's hers.I believe Isle of Dogs was somewhat overlooked - it's initial aesthetic may appear somewhat off putting for an animated movie, especially if you intend it for children but it's fantastic. I've never watched a Wes Anderson movie but the premise alone of this movie was intriguing enough.Firstly, as a Western produced film - I believe it's very respectful and faithful to Japanese culture and film making - majority of the human characters talk in their native language and this is something overlooked when setting a film in Japan. The score feels dynamic, traditional and exciting - really adding to the emotions and pacing of the film.The story presented here is fantastic - simple enough for children to understand on a surface level but deep enough for adults, especially with the politics involved. It's emotional, relatable and lots of fun, even with its dark humour outlook of dispair and desperation.The attention to detail in this movie is astonishing - every shot is composed with purpose, every model is unique and the fluidity of scenes join together with a brisk pace that ties everything together nicely! The film changes animation style consistently in such a manner that it adds another layer to the film making.The voice acting was completely nailed by every actor/actress and it really added to the charm of the movie.Even as a certified Cat Daddy, I personally loved this movie, give it a watch.Beautiful, thoughtful, magical Film, full of character.What could I say it's a amazing underrated animated film from the amazing legendary director Wes Anderson It's just wonderful and beautiful stop motion animation and it's a underrated stop motion gem from the legendary was AndersonIf you've ever watched a Wes Anderson film before, you'll sort of know what to expect with each new film he delivers; a quirky story, a bunch of oddball characters, an impressively talented ensemble cast and an immaculately shot feature presentation. Isle of Dogs is his latest offering and it sees the director return to the world of stop-motion animation.When a dog flu virus spreads through the canine population of Megasaki City in Japan, the mayor signs a decree banishing all dogs to Trash Island. When 12 year old Atari Kobayashi (Koyu Rankin) crash-lands on the island searching for his dog Spots (Live Schreiber), the first dog to be sent to Trash Island, he comes across a band of dogs; Rex (Edward Norton), King (Bob Balaban), Duke (Jeff Goldblum), Boss (Bill Murray) and Chief (Bryan Cranston), and they set about a journey to find the boy's dog.Isle of Dogs is one hell of a breathtaking film to watch, with the fine detail in the stop-motion animation and the meticulous framing of every single shot making it feel as if you're staring at a piece of fine art hanging on the wall rather than a film. When a film like this comes along, you can't help but sit back and just admire it.The story is such a heartwarming one, Atari's determination and loyalty towards finding Spots together with the story behind Chief's coldness towards humans making for a film very hard not to take a liking to, the richness to both the narrative and characters will make you just fall in love with some of the dogs on show. The film is topped off with some of Anderson's signature dry humour that had the audience in raptures at times.Coming to the performances, Isle of Dogs features a fountain of talent lending their voices to proceedings. Vocal performances can often be forgotten in the midst of all of the year's performances however, some of the work here deserves to be remembered for a long, long time. Bryan Cranston's work on the voice of Chief is so spot on that he'll be close to bringing the audience to tears and Edward Norton is wonderfully funny as Rex, the dog in the group questioning Chief's leadership. Isle of Dogs shows a case of not being able to teach an old dog new tricks for Wes Anderson however, when he can repeat those tricks as well as he does, it becomes a film that entirely deserves all the praise it gets for being such a sheer bundle of joy to behold.I loved the premise of the movie, the stop motion animation looks fantastic in the trailer, and i believe that this movie is going to be A+, if this animation wont win the best animation feature in the academy awards, i'll wont follow the oscars event anymore