This is the only movie review I have ever written on IMDb. I watched Casablanca witch high hopes. I KNEW I was going to love this movie after hearing for years how it's "the best" and what an amazing, moving, love story it portrays. I was very excited and ready to be swept off my rear end by this classic everyone adores. Casablanca is one of the movies I disliked the most. Actually I think it's my number one most disliked movie. It's not that I don't like old movies or I have a short attention span. I've seen Gone with the wind multiple times and love it. One of my favorite movies is a *1951 Indian, BLACK AND WHITE, ROMANCE* (!!!) movie, I've also seen that numerous times. Casablanca is as boring and plain as a movie can get. It's 102 minutes of nothing interesting happening AT ALL. Gone with the wind is a slow movie that needs patience to watch but lots of interesting things happen, there is a traceable story line and the characters are not plain and one-dimensional like in Casablanca. What happens in this movie? Is there anything interesting happening at all that anybody can point out to? I don't think so.It's just 102 minutes of random boring people talking about random boring stuff. When I read good reviews of Casablanca I have never seen or heard anyone point out to anything interesting actually happening in this movie. Just how pretty Ingrid was, how cool Bogart was, how well done the movie is, how impeccable the acting is, silly meaningless quotes like "here's looking at you kid" and just that it's a "timeless classic". I just think this whole Casablanca thing is a gimmick and a case of "the emperor's clothes". There is nothing to be well acted or well done because there is nothing happening during the whole movie. I think it would be way more interesting to just film random conversations between random people in bars.And the love story between the two main protagonists has to be the least believable I've ever seen. I enjoy and get emotionally moved very much by a love story, it doesn't even need to be very good. I cry when I read Hans Christian Andersen's "The Steadfast Tin Soldier" for eff's sake. There is absolutely zero chemistry between the two main actors. Their "love story" is completely artificial, superficial and there is zero emotion portrayed. They seem to be acquaintances at best, not even friends, not to mention lovers. I've seen better simulated "attraction" or "love" in porn dialogues than in Casablanca. No, forget that, I can detect more love and attraction when two butterflies dance together or I see rabbits mating. I'm not even kidding or exaggerating.This movie made me feel nothing at all, absolutely nothing except boredom. It's unique in this particularity. There is no other movie I can remember that made me feel NOTHING AT ALL. Bad movies at least amuse me. Casablanca is completely devoid of any emotion. Casablanca is the cinematic equivalent of a mouthful of sand. There was no character I could empathize with in the slightest way as there were no real, humane characters to empathize with. Just artificiality. I'm completely mesmerized about how can people adore this movie so much. It's boring, plain, bone-dry, story-less and features the least believable love stories I have ever seen. Excuse me, I'm not a connoisseur like you Casablanca lovers, but I have common sense. And common sense tells me a movie doesn't have to be necessarily very "entertaining" but it needs to be ENJOYABLE, reasonably ENGAGING and just in the least to have some INTERESTING things happening. Casablanca has none of this things in the slightest. Please leave aside your love for this movie, imagine for one minute you don't know who Ingrid and Bogart were and this movie was completely unknown. You've never heard a thing about this movie your entire life and you just watch it not knowing anything about it or the actors. Would you enjoy it? I guarantee you would be bored out of your mind. That is why it is not a "TIMELESS" classic. Here's two movies I would consider timeless classics: Papillon and The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. Not this bore fest. I would give Casablanca a negative rating if I could.Why is this film considered so brilliant? How can it be a classic? It is just another shallow, formulaic, cliche-laden Hollywood love-story, typical of pre-war Hollywood. For me this film is almost undistinguishable from that other 'great' romance of the time, the nauseating 'Gone With the Wind'. At least Casablanca doesn't go on for several hours. The usual plot of old lovers reunited after many years, once again in some Hollywood interpretation of a gratuitous exotic location. Bogart looks depressed, Bergman looks pretty. And that's about all there is to it. No depth of thought or character. Flat, commercial acting from the leads, even flatter and more commercial direction and script. If you like old movies from the 40s, why not watch Citizen Kane? There's considerably more thought and originality there.And I've never understood why people think the lines "Here's looking at you kid" or "Play it again, Sam" are *so* quotably witty.So I finally got around to watching Casablanca, one of the greatest movies ever made, or so I've always heard. Does it live up to its hype? In a word, no. It was maudlin and melodramatic; Ingrid Bergman was homely, no matter how many softening effects were used in the close-ups of her face (did a rodent gnaw off the sides of her nose? To say nothing of that masculine jawbone and those underdeveloped lips...); Humphrey Bogart was about as slick and charismatic as the Hunchback of Notre-Dame; and the story was undisguised war propaganda. One would have to have the mental age of 5 to think this movie was in any way great. Watchable, yes, but not great, and certainly not deserving of being on the IMDb top 250.The movie was fast-paced, which was both good and bad: good because it would've been unbearable to watch otherwise, and bad because it didn't give the viewer time to get attached to any of the characters (which is just as well, since as I've said, it was war propaganda and so the less effective, the better).Apart from a few good one-liners and patches of clever dialog, the only other positive thing I can say about it is that it was technically well made, in particular the lighting and the dynamic camera work (though I'm not personally a fan of this style of camera work, as I find it detracts from story and atmosphere). It was, however, irritating how the lighting would change whenever there was a close-up on somebody's face. What was the purpose of this? To try to mesmerize the viewer? Talk about corny.If you've never seen Casablanca before, don't feel you have to, because you ain't missing much, "kid." It's about as overrated as it gets.1 out of 10 stars, to offset the deranged "I'm giving it 10 stars but I wish I could give it more" reviews this cinematic mediocrity has been getting.Style?  What style?  This had no style, and the script was one cheesy line after the other.  It is the perfect soap opera, it fooled people to believe it is more than what it is.  And aside from Bogart and Bergman, the cast was overacting to an extreme. It all feels Disneyesque, with a touch of musical wannabe.  Also, I can't help but laugh at the special effects involved in this film, and the bad editing at times.  Talk about hurrying a film's production...Don't get me wrong.  I've enjoyed "The Godfather", the "Star Wars" trilogy, "Lawrence of Arabia", "Citizen Kane", "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", "A Bridge on the River Kwai", anything by Stanley Kubrick, and many others that are on the alleged "classics" list.  But this one I detest.  Burn it now, I say...This movie is one big yawn after another. It concerns an illicit love affair and a lot of sitting around doing nothing for two hours. Humphrey Bogart wears a mac and smokes while various characters mooch around trying to look war torn. I fell asleep several times during watching this cheese fest and was told I never missed a thing ( except for a few characters smoking cigarettes). Also, the ending is very contrived as Bogart is dragged to the electric chair screaming and begging. The only interesting moment is the airport departure where Bogart is hanging on to the wing of the plane as it takes off shouting:" Here's looking at you, kid!" through the window in a vain attempt to stop her leaving. The only truly enjoyable scene in the movie.Very, very overrated, Sam.I'm always baffled by the way that this film is held in such high esteem. Is this because it's old? Maybe it's because it's in black and white? Whatever the reason, it's certainly not because it's a great film. In fact this is one of the funniest films I've ever seen. Wooden acting by wooden actors on wooden sets, (what about that ridiculous cardboard aeroplane? LOL). Forget what people say about this movie. Ignore the romantic gushing. Why? Because it's just plain rubbish. It's not even good enough to be labelled a 'B' movie. Quite possibly it's a 'C' movie, if there is such a thing. Nope, they certainly don't make 'em like this anymore.This movie was not "a masterpiece", it is actually a piece of something else.  It had a weak plot, atrocious acting and a pathetic ending.  Also, it was very annoying.  Only people swayed by the almighty popular opinion would claim they like this film.Anyone with an open mind/opinion will agree that this is a horribly overrated film. Period. I am 62 and have seen this film countless times and, frankly, I just don't get all the praise-especially as a "romantic film". There is little chemistry between the two leads and "story" merely gets in the way of the rest of the film. Sorry, folks, but anyone can pick more romantic movies-"Sleepless in Seattle", "Random Harvest", "To Have and Have Not", "The Best Years of Our Lives", "Marty", etc. Heck, there is more chemistry between Hepburn and Bogart in "The African Queen" than here. Of course, I suspect that people who think "Casablanca@ is a great romantic film probably think Katherine Hepburn was a "great actress". She was great at playing variations on the same character. I like Hepburn, but "great"? Nope.OK.. I don't understand why people praise this as the best movie of all time? I just don't find anything special in this movie. The film starts real sloooooooow and I almost fell asleep waiting for Bogart's character to appear and I waited half an hour for Ingrid's character to appear. A real disappoinment!The acting is cheesy (Bogart is his usual plastic self), but acceptable considering the time it was made.  The dialogue is only good if you pretend that it's done tongue in cheek (which it isn't -- and if you are of the opinion that lines like "Is that cannon fire or the beating of my heart?" and "I can't think anymore, so you think for both of us!" are not laughable, then you are wallowing in self-denial.  I'll bet you saw Titanic more than twice in the theaters, too...)This is often called a war movie, but don't be fooled -- it's even less about war than Gone With the Wind, which is to say that there *is* a war happening, but it's largely irrelevant as a plot contrivance (which, incidentally, is entirely inaccurate from a historical prospective.  There was no such thing as a letter of transit).In essence, a glorified chick-flick which will hopefully fall away into nostalgic obscurity as my generation continually thrusts spectacular films by Kubrick (may he rest in peace), Fincher (well, Fight Club and Seven, anyway)and Ridley into the forefront.