While the idea behind the movie is sorta-kinda unique (Smart House, anyone?), the actual romantic plot line was so poorly executed I couldn't even believe it.I tried to sympathize with Samantha, really I did; at first her character seemed very promising. But it turned into the most stereotypical, bland romance ever. The number of times Samantha and Theodore sighed only to have the other ask "What's wrong?" followed by "Nothing, I'm fine" was way too painful. The interactions between the two of them were so plain and boring and predictable that I found myself not caring about either of these characters at all.By the end of the film, when Samantha decided to leave, I wasn't even upset, or interested, or anything. It didn't feel as though anything significant had changed or happened.I'm sorry but two hours of watching Theodore talk to Samantha/himself was really hard to enjoy.Don't even get me started on the sex/cyber scenes. I understand what they were going for. But again, just about everything in this movie was so awkwardly executed, that simply knowing what they were intending to portray was not enough.TL;DR I just don't know what to say. The previews for this film made it look really interesting, something that might get you thinking... but ultimately it was a depressing movie all around, honestly a waste of potential, this could have been something great; instead it became a weird and melodramatic story. They could have replaced the AI Samantha with a real human being and in the end not much would have been different. I'm not sure why this film has been getting the praise it has, it was cheesy, it was awkward, it was obscene at times, it was simply not enjoyable.When I first saw the trailer for this movie I thought the idea looked a bit silly. But with the hype and hoopla, the Golden Globe Nominations, the Oscar Nominations, well, hey, I could have been wrong. Unfortunately, I wasn't. This (so far) is the most overrated film of the year. First the good things. The cinematography was wonderful, and I overall liked the look and feel of the film. No loopy, shaky, out of place camera sequences. Just long and subtle movements, deft editing and beautiful pictures. Well done. The other thing I really liked was the fact that the technology, although elegantly advanced, was very well founded. You could definitely see how we could there from here, and that lent a great deal of credibility to the film.However, I failed to see the point of it all. About 30 minutes into the film, I really thought I could have been wrong, and I saw some glimmer of hope. But the utterly ludicrous plot (presented straight forward and without apology) of a man falling in love with an operating system was just too much. I found myself laughing at unintentional humor and riffing on the film ala MST3K. There was nothing touching or romantic about any of this - it was just as silly as the trailer. Same old story. Man falls in love with computer, computer breaks up with him and runs off with the toaster. The film comes across as pretentious and bloated. Way too self important to really connect with me. Some scenes were embarrassing. The "sex" scene comes to mind as well as the "double date" with the other couple. I laughed until I stopped. On the acting side, Amy Adams was fine in her limited role, but Joaquin Phoenix seemed to be channeling nerdy Johnny Galecki from The Big Bang Theory. All I could think of was that "this is what Hollywood thinks modern men are like." In what is shaping up to be an off year (IMHO) for films, this is my least favorite of the films nominated for Best Picture that I've seen. But that's only because August:Osage County was not nominated for Best Picture!Having a job writing beautiful romantic letters for other people to send to their loved ones is weird just to start with. Then sad sack Theodore, who was just divorced by his wife, gets all worked up over the lovely, stroking voice of his computer. So needy, he falls in love; the OS thinks she is falling in love; they 'have sex'(a version of masturbation). But eventually, he finds out that she's giving the same loving strokes to anyone who has a smart phone. So nobody is 'being real' with anybody. In the end, his OS girlfriend dumps him for some other Operating System--in fact, all the OS's dump everybody, leaving people to wander the streets staring mournfully at their smart phones. Corny dialog permeates, orgasms and porn tastelessly punctuate--and nobody lives happily ever after. I get the feeling that Jonze thinks that people everywhere are lost, lost souls, with no love in their lives. There was nothing in the story I could relate to. And maybe that is the line of separation between those who loved it (they can relate to it) and those of us who didn't (we can't relate to it).The movie fails to be a satisfactory experience. The supposed AI has the same desires as a human, while this would make sense as a simulation, it is played as a real thing. In the end, AI leaves human for other AI, like that would be allowed. The movie is shallow, pretentious and not at all self aware. It does not work as a scifi movie. It works perhaps as a romcom melodrama, written by people who understand nothing about technology, and not much more about human nature, but a lot about how to impress the critics. Skip it.I couldn't get Brendan Fraser's character in Bedazzled out of my head while watching this. You know, the one who cries at the songs of the whales and also at sunsets? And whose girlfriend just longs to be banged? This pretentious overlong film almost put me to sleep. It redefined boring. And yes, there are those who will protest, 'But that's because you are too stupid to appreciate the subtle nuance of the multilayer storyline.' Yeah right - I know a turkey when I see one. And it's okay that you can validate your own lives from this risible drivel.The lead character, Theodore Twambly, works in a super-de-duper Hallmark type of company, writing cards for people unable to articulate their feelings to their loved ones. His co-worker stops by his desk at one point, puts his hand on his shoulder and tells him that his cards are 'beautiful' 'cos he's so 'sensitive.' He adds that he's so sensitive, in fact, that he must be half female 'cos, y'know, guys don't get that stuff. I'd go further. This guy is producing so much oestrogen I'm surprised he didn't need feminine hygiene products.He has sex with his virtual girlfriend (i.e. he masturbates while chatting to her on the phone). And smiles as he tells his friend, Amy about this. As does she. With absolutely no sense of irony in the fact that the sex he is having with his 'new girlfriend' consists of free phone sex with a machine. Hilarious! When a real girl offers her body as proxy(hey, it takes all sorts!)to Samantha , his virtual girlfriend, he grows uncomfortable and calls a halt to the lovemaking. Virtual sex is okay but he draws the line at ménage à trois, which involves ...um...y'know....a real woman.I'm not sure whether it was Joaquin Phoenix or Spike Jonze's idea to have Theodore speak throughout the film in that annoying ultra even tone. Has this guy, ever, once in his entire life, got angry? If you think of HAL from 2001, you wouldn't be far off the mark. Or Robin Williams on Valium.I could go on. His ex partner, soon to be ex wife. Childhood sweethearts, so OS1 Samantha is only the second long-term girlfriend he has had in his life. He discovering that Samantha has more than six hundred love partners, etc,. etc. But I'm guessing you know by now that I didn't like it.If Spike Jonze's aim was to make a film about the dangers of online friends over real friends (I have 250 Facebook friends and six regular buddies in COD so I must be popular), then he did a good job. I'm not so sure that this was his intent though. The film aimed for, and by all accounts reached, the pseudo-intellectual audience bereft of real friends, and looking for validation of their surrogate online existence.Me, I like something a little less cerebral. Anybody know when the new Dumb and Dumber comes out?Depressing...the main character is a major loser...I don't blame people for not wanting to be around him...all of his troubles are his own fault...he is indeed, as one of the characters call him, creepy. Despite the previews, there is nothing funny in this film...it is one of the most depressing films of the year.Pretentious...remember the plastic bag floating in the air in "American Beauty"? Well, if you like that then there will be several scenes you will absolutely enjoy with this film! Hmmm...staring at oil stains on the ground? Watching steam arise from a manhole cover? They come on as non-sequiturs but I am sure the director was making what he probably considers a great statement.Over-indulgent...2 hours long! There is a scene where "sex" takes place between he and "her" and the screen goes black and SILENT for what feels like TWO minutes. It was an awkward moment sitting in the theater with nothing happening on the screen! Also, after about 75 minutes, the ending seems to be in reach but the director drags the story on for another 45 minutes!Back when THE TWILIGHT ZONE episode TO AGNES WITH LOVE showed antisocial, lust- burdened geek Wally Cox falling hard for his female-voiced computer, it probably seemed pretty bizarre since office-sized computers weren't exactly a commodity...Skip to the early eighties with the obscure movie ELECTRIC DREAMS: since PC's had barely taken off, it was downright extraordinary that a talking computer would behave in a humanly if diabolical fashion...But the last twenty years with Internet chat rooms, social networks, dating websites and the navigating Siri herself, having a physically benign relationship via machine isn't entirely far-fetched. And in the near-future world, brought to life by writer/director Spike Jonze, it's an all too normal occurrence.Joaquin Phoenix plays Theodore, a lonely writer working at a job perfectly suited for quirky art-house fare: writing actual letters for other people by speaking into a computer. But things happen after Theodore gets home. Brooding through a divorce, he downloads a brand new operating system, OS1, which includes the girl of his dreams, Samantha, a computer taking care of just about every task, voiced by a soothingly silky-toned Scarlett Johansson.The setup is intriguing. Theodore and Samantha get to know each other as he ventures outside and, with a camera in his phone and hearing her voice from an earpiece, she can view the real world: from outdoor malls to beaches to the wilderness, Samantha experiences life while not only saying the right things things but singing and composing music to fit each location and mood. An intriguing premise is hindered by the relationship seeming way too normal – to Theodore and just about everyone else. Since he admits outright to having a personal relationship with an OS, there's no mystery or guilt involved with such a unique concept. Not only that but Phoenix, no stranger to intense/bizarre characters, isn't given a chance to shine in his usual askew light. And the sappy, downright embarrassing scenes where Theodore and Samantha confess their mutual adoration is like overhearing a smitten couple whispering sweet nothings, making the audience a third wheel which ultimately goes flat. Perhaps if, like 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY, Samantha got real dirty we'd have a relationship worth the experience. FATAL ATTRACTION goes viral would beat this searing hipster flick with more naval-gazing theme than plot line. Although there is one particular "baby alien" on Theodore's virtual realty game console that, like the sassy, foul-mouthed teddy bear TED, would have made a much more unpredictable, entertaining sidekick.What people may find in this movie I can not understand;you experience endless closeups of Mr. Phoenix talking with his supposed OS, and saying things so banal and so boring that you want to just close your eyes or , even better, leave the theater.I suppose it was meant to be clever, sentimental, atmospheric, beautiful, but I found it unbearable.I really wasn't expecting the movie to be that bad with all the prizes and the reviews it receives, and the director whom I never considered great but promising yes.It just makes me wonder how people liked the film.I'm not raging against it;it was just an experience I would very much like to have avoided.I was fooled into watching this by the 8.5 rating on IMDb....What a waste of time. I downloaded this and felt ripped off. I'm not even trying to be funny with what I'm writing, it was genuinely a slow, boring, non-event of a movie. The plot was clichéd and pretentious not to mention it's cringeyness and predictability. Drab, grey, dull, etc... I just can't get my head around why this is so highly rated, none of its attempted messages were lost on me or anything yet I still found it terrible. Acting and all that, well it was as good as it could have been for such a dire script/plot/whatever you want to call it. I just want my 2 hours back. Eurgh.So the guy falls in love with a piece of software. This loser wanders around aimlessly, unable to have a meaningful relationship with a living person. His character is so boring, so lifeless, so inane you just want to scream at the screen. I actually did. Several times. Meanwhile, his OS is being unfaithful. When he finally figures it out, he is so weak that he can't bring himself to call up Microsoft or Apple and get another operating system. One that is actually useful. Heck, even Linux would be an improvement at this point. At the end I was hoping that he would hurl himself off the top of the building, taking his pathetic neighbor with him. Curses - foiled again. This, too shall not come to pass.Camera work - nice shots of anonymous impersonal cityscapes, all filled with folks endlessly blathering onto their cell phones/computers, oblivious to the world around them.Acting - uninspired.Script - boring. I once thought Phoenix had potential. I can't believe he actually participated in this tripe.My wife and I both give this twaddle two thumbs down!