After sitting through this film, I have decided that it is one of the WORST movies I have ever seen. I knew it the moment I was subjected to three teenage girls screaming and overacting when they (OMG!) meet again, and then watching the same thing, only done by women old enough to be my mom. And that was only the first few minutes. Yeesh. So here are my comments...1. Middle aged women + ridiculous dance moves complete with hip thrusts and over the top costumes = not a good idea.2. Pierce Brosnan could not sing his way out of a paper bag. Nor could practically anyone else in this pile of excrement, for that matter.3. The songs were so random. It was obvious to me that they were thrown, willy nilly, into the incredibly contrived and STUPID plot.4. My three year old nephew could have written a better script.I was either cringing or laughing derisively during the movie. And I normally really like movie musicals. Of course they are bound to be a bit corny...but this was ridiculous. What a waste of talent. I mean, you have great actors and actresses in this movie...I am embarrassed for them that this is now a part of their career. I regret wasting my money and time on this piece of crap.I don't know where most of you were at, but where I watched the film we didn't have people singing as some have told they experienced, we had people laughing, mostly at the campy plot line, the horrible dance sequences and the singing of the likes of Brosnan. The only people in the audience who seemed to be enthralled with the film were the seventies generation folks who were some how reliving the past with the songs. I was a DJ in the seventies and even went to the ABBA concert at Northlands Coliseum in Edmonton in Sept of 79, so I did appreciate them then and I still do now. But this film should have gone the same way as their marriages and ended in divorce. The sequences were so poorly staged, the dubbing and editing absolutely horrible and this has to be Meryl's worst production. I cannot believe an academy award winner would stoop so low as to do this piece of garbage. So save your money, wait for it to come out on DVD and then maybe spend your money on something better, like cat litter.I love musicals, all of them, from joyous Oklahoma, to Poignant Porgy and Bess, to the touching romantic "Damn Yankees." And I know most of the songs, sometimes singing them spontaneously, with a crowd or humming them alone.In a "real" musical, as differentiated from this vaudeville show, every song is painstakingly crafted to fit the exact moment. It is an expression of sadness, regret, love, joy or exaltation--a natural extension where mere words fail. So, in Guys and Dolls, "My Time of Day" describes the adventurous life of Sky Masterson as it is about to be compromised by the most unlikely woman. Every song in this brilliant exemplar of the genre sets a mood, or develops a character, creating a phantasmagoria of place, turned absolutely believable by the self disclosing evocations of song.For this lover of the Broadway Musical, and their adaptations to the screen during the last half of the 20th century, Mama Mia is somewhere between satire and a cruel fun house distortion of the genre. There, the songs of these musicals advanced the often elaborate, often delightful, plot lines. While here, the songs, simply picked up from a collection, only interfered with the shaky premise of the film.Perhaps most of those viewers who are making this film into a monumental success simply have no exposure to the art form of 20th century Musicals. They have no idea of the magic performed by writer and lyricist that can turn a dance hall floozy into someone whom we know and love, as achieved in "Sweet Charity."Let me offer an apology for the arrogance of this review. Perhaps, another day, another mood, I could have gotten into it, and not have been so critical in this review.But I can't help but imagining what Richard Roger, Oscar Hammerstein, Cole Porter, Irving Berlin and so many others could have done even with with this silly premise. I think about it, while the memories of seeing this film is fresh, and I can not help but to mourn the great loss.When Dante, Faust, Nietzsche and Kafka wrote about the solitude and despair of human existence, this is what they were actually writing about. Sitting there watching this movie made me feel alone in the world with no hope of rescue but for the inevitable end of this shrill musical.Do you remember when you saw a scary movie for the first time at a very early age and kept telling yourself that it was going to be over soon? Or when you looked into the closet at night and had to turn away because your mind couldn't take it? This is how I felt waiting for this movie to be over. It was simply the bottom of the barrel.I am not crazy about musicals to begin with and went to see it with two of my family members whom I knew would enjoy it on some level. I don't regret going because sometimes it's OK to see a movie with and for a friend. If you like musicals Im sure it wont traumatize you as it did me and anyway I suppose there's also nothing wrong with people singing and wanting to enjoy themselves...I just don't want to ever be a part of it if it's going to look and sound like this.This is my second review of Mamma Mia as I now have had the chance to watch it as a movie rather than a screen version of the successful stage show.I think that being eager to have the distribution rights Universal gave Judy Craymer (the producer) a free reign to make the film as she wished. Ms Craymer, with no experience of films or filming, believed that she had an epic musical on her hands. She roped in her stage director, Phyllida Lloyd, who has never made a film before and had no idea how to transform the show from the confines of the theatre onto the big screen. She also roped in her stage choreographer and many other stage crew who also have no idea of the transformation from stage to big screen and the result is an amateurish production that relies totally on the ABBA feel-good factor and a participating audience.Ms Craymer's idea was to cast big-name stars who, despite the film being a musical, had no singing or dancing abilities. If that was not bad enough, she also hired a cinematographer who had problems getting the light correct and camera angles right. Everything about the film is terrible and an embarrassment to watch at times. The screaming girls at the beginning. Brosnan looking more like James Bond in drag. Julie Walters hopelessly over-acting. Meryl Streep and Christine Baranski behaving like girl guides on their first date, despite supposedly being mature women in their 40s or 50s. The ensemble who were more like young children in a school play than professional dancers. Even in their brief cameos, Benny and Bjorn grinned at the camera as though it was the first time they had ever been filmed. Catherine Johnson's lacklustre script that sounded more like a working class play "We danced on the beach and kissed on the beach and dot dot dot!" to quote a ludicrous example. Brosnan occasionally talking as if he was on the football terraces, particularly when he cheered Meryl on during 'Souper Trouper'. Did anyone check the continuity on the film, as there seemed to be so many disjointed examples particularly whilst Meryl Streep was singing 'Mamma Mia'. At the end when the main stars were dressed in spandex suits they could not contain their laughter. When Meryl sang the moving "The Winner Takes It All", she and Brosnan stood motionless whilst the camera whizzed around in the air. The "Voulez Vous" scene when you could not even work out what was happening on screen, as the camera angles were so erratic.Even though I have seen the stage show many times, I have no wish to buy the DVD when it is released, as the film was, to put in generously, nothing other than a disastrous amateurish production and probably the worst ever transformation of stage musical to screen. Doubtless, the crew, cast, distributors, financers and ABBA are not bothered. They still got their "Money, Money, Money" and are laughing all the way to the bank.This is the worst movie I have seen in the last five years. If you think ugly Americans stinking it up in a foreign country is bad, you should see these Brits ruining a picturesque little slice of Greece. Everybody acts like they're drunk and having a grand old time-- it's excruciating to watch. Nobody can sing. Meryl Streep has done somber, depressed roles in the past that are really good, but she is just terrible in this movie. I hope this doesn't mean she has lost her ability to pick good roles for herself. This movie felt like the actors got on board because they thought it would be great fun to have a party in Greece, but they forgot they had to make a movie.I like Abba but couldn't stand the singing, Why the hell didn't they voice over the original version ?This must be a rhetorical question : "Just to prevent Agnetha and Anni-Frid from getting any cent." How generous !Next the plot : It is about a bunch of silly British people that colonize (is there any other word for people that invade other countries to bring their despicable habits and ignore the locals) a beautiful Greek island Without even trying to speak a word of Greek, they manage an hotel for British tourists. (hope the credit crunch ruined them).Go to Benidorm (Spain) and meet those morons and see how they behave there.For me it was simply painful, I had to leave the theater, my wife stayed and told me that the audience was clapping during the credits. (Expectations are quite low these times.)I think the only thing that made the success of this movie is Abba music. A computer generated musical with chimpanzees singing Abba would have succeeded as well. If you like Abba, watch Priscilla... the movie is much better.MY wife ( who never goes to movies) said lets go see Mamma Mia on our 15th wedding celebration and I unwittingly said yes. Now understand I love chick flicks like Sleepless, you've got mail etc. , but I was not prepared for this movie. I looked it up and saw comedy, Pierce Bronson etc and thought "OH OK'. I will never trust PIERCE again and will read every review before saying OK again. I was in so much pain that a person behind us asked me to stop talking during the show and I was MOANING. Meryl Streep was SINGING. Pierce was screeching. The sound volume was so loud it hurt my ears ( I am hard of hearing) . The only cast member who belonged in this movie was Christine Baranski who kept it from 0.Having avoided seeing the movie in the cinema, but buying the DVD for my wife for Xmas, I had to watch it. I did not expect much, which usually means I get more than I bargained for. But 'Mamma Mia' - utter, utter cr**. I like ABBA, I like the songs, I have the old LPs. But this film is just terrible. The stage show looks like a bit of a musical, but this races along with songs hurriedly following one another, no characterisation, the dance numbers (which were heavily choreographed according to the extras on the DVD) are just thrown away with only half the bodies ever on screen, the dance chorus of north Europeans appear on a small Greek island at will, while the set and set up of numbers would have disgraced Cliff Richard's musicals in the sixties!Meryl (see me I'm acting)Streep can't even make her usual mugging effective in an over-the-top musical! Her grand piece - 'The Winner Takes It All' - is Meryl at the Met! Note to director - it should have been shot in stillness with the camera gradually showing distance growing between Streep and Brosnan! Some of the singing is awful karaoke on amateur night. The camera cannot stop moving like bad MTV. One can never settle down and just enjoy the music, enthusiasm and characters. But what is even worse is how this botched piece of excre**** has become the highest grossing film in the UK and the best selling DVD to boot? Blair, Campbell and New Labour really have reduced the UK to zombies - critical faculties anyone???It's been a while since I've watched this awful piece of Hollywood trash, but I felt the need to contribute my point of view on why I believe Mamma Mia! is an overrated soap opera.I'll start by saying that I love ABBA. I've been a fan since my youth. Then, one day, I saw an ad on TV about this film, combining ABBA songs with a cast of actors I adore. Even though I'm not a fan of musicals (saying I generally dislike them would be an understatement), I thought, what the hell? So I watched it.I can only say that I was appalled. The first thing that hit me was the awful technicolor. It was too bright, almost like tripping on something. Then there was the singing dancing and... Acting (not that you can call it that). Meryl Streep (bless her soul) portrayed an unstable woman. And it wasn't even funny (!!!). How could she sink down like that? I was speechless. What were the directors thinking? To degrade her like that. I love her, I really do, but Meryl Streep can't sing. Or dance. And they made her do both.The other actors... Like Pierce Brosnan. Whose idea was it to give this man a singing role? He can't carry a tune. At all. It was a pain to watch.Then the plot... Predictable and boring. But one can live with that, right? I guess. But then they sang everything in the most horrible ways possible. It was fake, it was boring - a complete and utter flunk. A waste of time and sanity.Do yourself a favor and don't watch Mamma Mia! Go buy an ABBA CD and enjoy their music in its pure, delightful form.In the end, all this film has done was to (almost) ruin ABBA for me. I'll get over it one day, but it's a scar I have to bare now.