This review may contain spoilers. You've been warned. Twilight was a terrible film adaption of a, let's face it, mediocre novel. I went into the theater with an open mind, not expecting brilliance, but expecting to be entertained. Well, I guess I was technically entertained since I laughed throughout most of the movie. Sadly, I wasn't laughing at purposely funny moments. I was laughing at the awkward "acting" of the actors and the terrible dialogue.Now this is where it gets tricky: Do we blame the screenwriter or the author? The movie made me realize just how corny the book's dialogue was. I found myself rolling my eyes, when I wasn't laughing, at every word out of the actor's mouth. Especially the dialogue between Edward and Bella. Now, the dialogue could have been over looked if the actors were able to deliver them. Alas, whoever decided to do casting for this film decided to cast every "actor" with the acting ability of a toaster. Now, a toaster is a inanimate object and therefore cannot act. Get the hint? What made me laugh the hardest was at the end of the movie when Bella's mother decides to inform Phil VIA TEXT MESSAGE that Bella is alright. I was so shocked that she was really texting him that I turned to my friend and whispered "Bella's okay, L-O-L". Really, though. Text messages? I would think that informing your potential spouse of your child's well being would warrant a phone call at least.Now, I have to point out the scene where Edward decides to flash Bella the goods. He want's to educate her in the ways of the vampire. He cannot go out into sunlight NOT because he'll burn or turn to dust, but because he turns into a failed children's art project. Reading the scene in the book I already knew whoever turned the book into a film was going to have issues with the scene. However, I really thought they'd aim for something above spraying Robert Pattinson with water then dumping craft store glitter on him. I didn't even notice the "sparkles" at first. My friend turned to me and commented "The sun hits him and he gets gross and sweaty?" because, let's face it, that's what he looked like. Damp and dirty. Oh baby, I can hardly contain myself! I could go on and nit pick at everything, but I'm just going to wrap it up and say this movie was awful and I'm disappointed in the screenwriter as well as the director. I feel like Hardwicke was too focused on making the mise-en-scene beautiful and aesthetically pleasing, which is all well and good, but in doing so she over looked her cast of actors who would probably get over looked at a high school play audition with the way they displayed their acting abilities in this movie. Though, maybe I take back the part of being disappointed in the screenwriter since you can only do so much with the source material you're handed.BRING ON THE TWILIGHT FANS! I CAN TAKE THEM! *Shields at maximum power!*I would give this movie no stars.. This movie is pathetic. I mean so pathetic. The acting was awful! The movie starts well, but once they introduce the Cullens its pretty much downhill. Ashley Greene looks good as Alice, Jackson Rathbone looks constipated as Jasper, a wooden plank would have been a more convincing Edward. Robert Pattinson deserves the Razzie, second thought, his acting is so horrible that a razzie is like honoring him. Vampires are supposed to be scary, when Edward scales trees he acts like a monkey, move over Kong! The baseball match looks like Super Mario Sluggers on steroids! Horrible..The scene where Edward glitters is pathetic. It looks someone dumped some glitter on him.. On the other hand Charlie Swan and Jacob were spot on.Over all the director tried too hard and lost it all. I strongly believe someone with more experience should direct a high profile film like this. This movie doesn't appeal as a Vampire movie or as a Romantic movie. Its pathetic.. JuryLet's face it, the movie was a total let down. I had low expectations. Extremely low but the movie disappointed me even then. The amazing love story we all read in the books was transformed into a whiny preteen nightmare. There was chemistry between Robert and Kristen, there is no denying that, but I didn't feel the need that is in the books. They are supposed to be I-can't-live-without-you, take-me-forever, I'm-devoted-to-you-always in love (Unless you want to count that one incident in Eclipse, but let's face it, most of us don't) but all I saw was a bored vampire and an indifferent girl.The one thing that made me most angry was the complete disregard for the meadow scene. It is a VERY important part in the book where they pretty much declare themselves to each other. This meadow scene lasted all of 10 seconds and consisted of them staring at each other. They changed around the timing of the movie so much that it almost made no sense. Lets face it, the book was a good story but the writing wasn't up to par. It was pretty much written to be turned into a movie and the screenwriter obviously didn't realize that.Sure, Robert was smoking hot (don't lie, you saw the ray bands) but his performance of Edward was terrible. The first time Bella walked into the Biology class, I laughed at his expression as did most people in the theater (some of them were too busy squealing). His badly-covered up English accent was also laughable.Jasper was perfect, the person that made me laugh during the movie because if you looked, not at where the camera was focused, in most scenes you could see him lurking in the background and I think it fit his character well. Carlisle was cast to a T as were Esme, Jessica, Rosalie, Emmett and Alice. They all fit their parts well even if I imagined Alice a little bouncier, Emmett a little bigger and Rosalie a bit more bitchy.Oh, the camera work. I'm not denying it, I liked the flickers between scenes at times but after a while, it can give you a headache. The insane closeups did NOT do what they were supposed to (show the intensity) instead they made me where they were half the time and realize how much makeup the actors where wearing. Every time there was a close up on Robert, it was totally obvious he was wearing contacts. Seriously, look for the line.The one thing that was actually done really well was the climax with the ballet studio and James. The fight scene was pretty cool and I totally believed that James wanted to kill Bella right there. But, with every up there is a down. After James is killed and They are taking care of Bella, why couldn't Edward have been more upset? It's written right in the book that he all but cries when he sees her.The movie was hyped up to an extreme so it was obvious it would be a let down, I just didn't know how bad it actually was. I don't get why they couldn't do little things that would have made it a bit better; The biology class incident? Bella wearing blue? Why the hell did James have to bite her arm instead of her hand? Would that have been SO hard to change? All in all, go see it if you are a Twilight fan but be weary. If you aren't, stay away because you will not understand a thing that is going on. As I said in my title, somewhere, Edwards is rolling over in his hypothetical coffin (yes I know they don't sleep in coffins, or sleep period for that matter, but that's why it's hypothetical)The only reason I never read Twilight when it first came out, long before it was popular, was because I read a book review stating that it was a clichéd and traditional—two things that I hate more than anything. The only reason I watched the movie was so I could actually understand what the vast majority of America was talking about when they raved about it. I came with low expectations and an open mind. I reassured myself, after all, I do enjoy love stories when they're original and memorable, so this couldn't be too bad, right? Three hours later, I left the theater feeling as if I was just released from a torture device and struggled desperately to my car on weak legs that just walked through hell on earth. Is my last sentence melodramatic? Maybe, but compared to the cheesy melodrama that IS the plot of Twilight, me sitting through that atrocious movie looks downright life-or-death.From the first scene to the last, at least 1/3 of every scene in the movie is filled with nothing but characters staring at each other or at various things. I've never thought I would have to sit here and actually type up a complete paragraph complaining about the amount of staring in a movie, but, folks, the day has come. Bella meets Edward: they don't talk, they literally just stare. The vampire plot point is reveled: they stare. Bella is in a life-or-death situation: she stares at whatever is about to kill her. At one point, a car is ready to crush her, and what does she oh-so-realistically do? Stare at it.The acting is that hilariously bad. During the majority of the movie Bella has a look on her face that is a mix between being high and having an orgasm—while staring. Edward, despite what the horny pre-teen girls (and middle-aged women) want to believe, is a walking self-parody. Cheesy lines (that he repeats over and over again), unintentionally cheesy lines ("I'm so hot, and that makes me a perfect killer!"), and did I mention he's supposedly hundreds of years old yet he still acts like an angsty-creepy-weird-virgin-guy? So, how was the story? It's based on a novel, so it has to have a plot, right? Wrong. Put simply, vampire romance is the most unoriginal idea ever to hit literature. Not to mention movies like Near Dark and Let the Right One In already beat the overused plot bloody on the big screen. Essentially, Twilight in one line is: boy and girl fall in love, boy must sacrifice everything for girl as she sits there like a pretty Barbie doll (and Kristen Stewart isn't even much to look at here), then they both commit. And while you're watching it, it seems even less interesting than that. There is zero entertainment value unless you're a hopelessly horny female who humps her pillow with images of Edward in her head, or you're a hopelessly pathetic male who just wants to impress his girlfriend because he can relate to a "emotional love story". I can't comment on the former, but, seriously, I'm a guy who likes love stories and this is NOT a love story. It's a traditionalist middle school English essay with flat characters and no plot other than: put two horny kids together, but appeal to the "dark" crowd by making it a vampire story . . . without even showing fangs.Other dishonorable mentions: 1) Twilight = Napoleon Dynamite - the humor + stupid subplots 2) The "Restrain yourself, Edward, don't suck her blood!" scene brings unintentional cheese to a new level 3) The movie never ends; two hours seems like eternity (in hell) 4) Baseball doesn't make edge-of-your-seat action 5) There is no action 6) There are no real vampires unless you count pretty-boys 7) Stephanie Myers completely screws up the vampire myths I almost feel sorry for Catherine Hardwicke. She's an amazing director, and she singlehandedly turned this stupid crap-fest into a well-done movie on a technical level, and everything else was out of her hands. But who would honestly turn down the money this movie would bring in? I don't blame her, I blame Stephanie Myers.I also feel sorry for the countless people who watch this and think it's a quality love story, thus never being exposed to the true love stories out there. What is Twilight? A horny, unoriginal, childish fantasies put into a movie. That, like always, wins mass reader, and now viewer, acclaim. I just wish one day popular fiction wasn't a synonym for retard fiction.0/10This movie was extremely disappointing. I've read all of the Twiligh books at least twice and loved them so the problem for me was not in the original plot or the characters, but I believe the producer, director, and the some actors left a lot to be desired. I realize that no matter who they picked to act out the roles they would never look exactly as they did in my mind but that is no excuse for the horrible acting that went into this movie. Some of the characters were great and true to form Alice, Jacob, Charlie, Renee, Bill, Carlisle, Emmet, and Esme, and the kids casted as Bella's classmates (jessica, mike etc..) all did a great job. But here lies the problem, all of those characters were only in supporting roles during this movie. The actors casted as Bella and Edward in my opinion looked like they didn't know what they were doing, for most of the movie they just looked confused or awkward, in a packed movie theater it was sad to see how many people were laughing during parts that were supposed to be sad or touching just at the mere absurdity of it all, to top that off I didn't feel a great amount of chemistry between Bella and Edward, even when she professed her love to him it seemed childish and kind of random. The special effects were also pretty bad, during the parts where they're supposed to be running really fast they only added a slight blur behind the actors and some cheesy sound effects that wouldn't have sounded out of place in a roadrunner cartoon, even the TV show Heroes does a better job at showing speed, I expected something a lot better from a movie. And all of this is aside from the fact that the movie wasn't really true to the book on many aspects, but I came into the movie expecting that. On a personal note I think the character that was worst casted was Rosalie, Rosalie is supposed to be practically the essence of female beauty, this girl had a butt-chin and in my (and my friends') opinion she was on the heavier side, not to say that she wasn't pretty because that would be a lie, but i just don't think she quite reached the level that the real Rosalie was at, and I can think of many other actresses that would have been better suited for the role.All right, so I have read all the books, and i LOVE them. I love Edward Cullen and everything, okay? I just thought the movie was HORRIBLE. I may have compared the movie to the book, but even as a movie, I did not like it. Robert Pattinson is not an Edward. I'm sorry, but he is not: well in my eyes he isn't, so no flaming. There were many crucial scenes that should have been in there like the blood-typing and the meadow which were replaced by other not as important ones. I also think that the sparkle effect was not very good at all; I mean, seriously, a two year old could do that. The dialogue was also delivered all wrong, and a romance was turned into a complete comedy. Like my friends and I were literally cracking up the whole time. I'm not saying that Summit is a bad company, or that Catherine Hardwicke is a bad director, or the actors are bad, but this movie SUCKED.Don't get me wrong; loved the books(well, except for Breaking Dawn), hate the movie.Whatever you do, stay away from this movie. I watched this with low expectations, but they weren't low enough, apparently. I expected the writing of a cheesy fanfiction. I expected the acting of a kindergarten play. I even expected a bunch of tweens squealing with joy every time the "hero" came on screen. I still wasn't prepared. Don't get me wrong, all of those features were present in large amounts. I occasionally saw people in my age group watching this. There was a simple dividing line in the audience. Women loved it. This is likely because of the transformation of vampires from legitimate movie monster to weak, subhuman toys. I want to say something nice about this movie, but I can't. To say one positive word about this movie would be equivalent to treason. I can't describe how terrible this movie is without inventing new words for it. The acting was asdfgds. The writing was absolutely slacktopular.I'll define those words when the English language catches up with this pile of excrement that somebody passed off as a movie.I absolutely hated this movie. I went in prepared and fully aware that it wasn't going to be like the book and that they were going to change it so it was more adaptable to the film. I didn't really have any high expectations, I just wanted to see some parts of to life or at least attempt to come to life. I was utterly "mouth dropping" disappointed. I don't know how Stephenie Meyer could have let this even happen to her precious story. There was no character construction, you didn't connect with the characters and this has nothing to do with casting for the actors. I don't even blame it on the director. THERE WAS NOOOOOOOOOOOO SUBSTANCE AT ALL!!! You didn't feel any connection with the love story. Events meshed in and clashed due to wrong timing and placement of scenes. Crucial scenes were left out for useless scenes ( field trip?!?!?!?!) Even though the scenery was breathtaking they could have cut out at least 40 minutes of it to develop the storyline better. They killed the story. It was horrible just plain horrible. This was worse than adaptation of Harry Potter. I was disappointed when i first saw Harry Potter, even though i accepted that it would not be the same and still enjoyed the movie. This is on a whole new story. At least Harry Potter made you feel like it was the essence of the story still there just cut short. Twilight was just like seeing two strangers that have no real established connection no relationship (They don't even have a friendship) and then suddenly they are together and now they are trying to save this girl who doesn't even seem like is in that much danger to the very end. I laughed in some parts but then there were parts where it was not meant to be funny and they tried too hard to turn the situation into a comical moment. Also the fact that inconsiderate fangirls were cheering for every useless pathetic scene in that movie didn't help to get into it. How can you call yourself a fan of the series if the essence of it was never even portrayed. Even if it wasn't close to the movie at least show some bonding of characters. I don't know how anyone who claims to be a fan of the book can enjoy this movie without cringing at the fact that they ruined the most basic story. Again, I am not talking about the actors' performance nor the directing. I'm talking about the beautiful aching and pain of the story. The soul of the story was never there. Will not go to another premier of any further movies. Will consider going to other movies but only to go see some the "story parts" being visualized. If you disagree, that is completely fine! To each their own! All i know is i love the book and will always love it but this movie killed me tonight!Some movies are so good that they are talked about, often quoted and thought of almost with reverence decades after their first release. Twilight is not one of those movies. Twilight is fluff, utterly forgettable, and gives cause to wonder why anyone would want to make this movie in the first place. This movie is so nondescript and so devoid of anything that is even remotely interesting that calling it a bad movie would give it too much credit. In times past this movie would have been assigned to the B portion of a double feature and be given little if any notice. The story contains certain interesting features but at no time does it make any dramatic impact worth noting. The movie may work as escapist fare if you feel like going to the movies to take a nap, but given the high price of tickets today, that is not an advisable option. So if you feel like taking a nap, go watch this movie when it comes out on a DVD or better yet when it is shown on network television at which time you can start watching it and then go to sleep in the comfort of your own home.WTF?! It was so cheesy and corny and awkward. I felt like the actors/actresses didn't mesh well and the movie was just one big cluster F of one scene after another. When there were little jokes it was just awkward silence in the crowd and the entire relationship of Bella and Edward was very awkward. I didn't believe they were in love and the acting was really bad all around. The CGI was pretty bad as well. To make them look like they were going fast all they did was make them blurry. I felt like this movie was made with 90's technology. This movie had so much potential to be great but this movie ruined it. The only way they can save it now is a reboot with new actors/actresses and possibly new director.