The movie portrays First Officer William Murdoch in a way that is totally contrary to the truth but instead suits a particular propagandist position. This is both immoral and grossly hurtful to Murdoch's descendants. No wonder the Chinese government recommended the movie to their people. It amazes me how modern American filmakers seem to delight in tearing down the society and values they have grown up in. The film is an insult to all those passengers and crew who showed such tremendous courage in the face of a horrific death. In reality it was NOT two 90's style teenagers who were the heroes of the Titanic.Hmm, I wonder what happened at the end? I must have watched 6/8 of this film before washing the dishes seemed a more appealing chore. Many actors can perform convincingly in period films, but this cast did not convince me at all that they were anything but 1990s actors with 1990s dialog trying to look like people from the 1910s. The script was inane, leaving the viewer with only special effects for interest. In the very-near future, when high-tech special effects no longer dazzle audiences, this moneymaking venture will be re-evaluated. I'll give it a 2/10 in order to be fair to the special effects staff, who clearly labored the hardest on this film and deserve some credit.Titanic:Number one box office takings of all time, by a mile. Special effects better than any other movie, ever.And nowhere to be seen on the IMDB voters' top 250.Why the disparity? Because Special Effects do not a Movie Make, and cannot cover the cracks in the pedestrian plot and the cardboard characterisation.The ultimate reputation of this film has been sunk not by an iceberg but a similarly immovable object; the judgment of movie-lovers.Despite the millions it may have raked in, I'm sorry, this is one of the absolute worst movies I have ever seen.  Not that I don't think all the praise in the world for the technical side shouldn't be heaped upon it, the visual effects were undisputably stunning, but this is Hollywood at its worst : pure candyfloss.  Completely contrived, sugarcoated and poorly-written, Titanic is a waste of any thinking viewers' time.I believe that Titanic is the most over-rated movie of all time. Its plot is un-original (boy meets girl, falls in love, than heartbreak), its script is un-original and its acting is mediocre. The only reason its #1 in money is: The titanics fame, and teeny bopper girls that watch it over 30 times in the theatre during its release. If everyone only watched it once, it would probably be in 15th or 20th place. Atleast there can't be a sequal!The producers and writers of Titanic obviously believed they'd bore and alienate the targeted teen and twenty-something audience to the point of losing them if the characters had the attitudes, mannerisms and style of speech that was appropriate for the time, so they had Jack (Leonardo Dicaprio) and Rose (Kate Winslett) speaking contemporary dialogue in a contemporary style, or at least contemporary for '97. A young man in 1912 would not say, "You seem more like an indoor girl." Aside from a certain hostile type of mental patient or the most outrageous and anti-social bohemian agitator, young adults in 1912 did not repeatedly tell their elders to shut up. The creators of the film are counting on what they perceive to be the teen and young adult's lack of knowledge or interest in the values and social customs of the very early 20th century. Since they want the audience to get swept away by the drama and romance of Jack and Rose they want them to relate to everything about them. I remember that this was billed as somewhat of a a fantasy re-imagining of a real event, but this type of historical revisionism, I think, in which human behavior is simply made more familiar, is an insult to any viewer with a 3-digit I.Q. One continuity problem that really gets me is how, when the ship is sinking and Jack and Rose are still inside, the water level is lower and the water becomes calmer around them every time they have a conversation. Again, the makers of the film don't want the reality of the disaster to encroach on, or distract us from, the passionate young romance they're trying to draw us into. Clearly the creators of the film think that the romance is a bigger draw for a major segment of the audience than the story of an enormous disaster that killed over 1,500 people and I'm sure they're right, but often when true and fictional stories exist in the same movie, one weakens the impact of the other, and it's certainly true in this case. I haven't seen the new 3D version but I assume the only change is the 3D effect. This is a bland, pandering, intelligence-insulting and epically overrated epic.Can we say predictable?  Can we say simplistic?  Can we say a badly told love story with NOTHING new that exists only to fill time before a roller coast sfx show happens?  Can we say 3 hours of annoying drivel written by hacks hammed up by "beautiful" media darling actors?We don't have to say any of this.  Cameron did it for us and spent WAY too much money doing it.Perfect 1.  Nuff said.Ok, I borrowed that phrase from a person called Red Elvis but it was too good to ignore for this formulaic recipe.Mix together a bunch of cliches. Boy meets girl. Boat meets iceberg. Add social and ethnic stereotypes by the shovel. Stir in a heap of stodgy dialogue and a lot of very good and expensive special effects.Add a million gallons of salty water and what do you get? A mess that will make you nauseous.When I went to see this film, I was expecting something truly great.  I was sadly very disappointed.  The characters were generally poorly developed, leaving me with a sickly sweet after taste, rather than a feeling of sorrow or compassion. Whilst the talent gathered (Winslet, Zane) hinted at true acting ability (they have provided far better performances in other films), the script is lacking in anything other than schoolgirl Mills and Boon. The technical effects have obviously been done to high standards, as the boat looks impressive, but that is where it ends, as the man-child DiCaprio slaughters the basest of emotional lines, as makes the romance seem cliched and below par. If you absolutely must see this film, see it on the silver screen, as the lack of grandeur which is displayed on the small screen leaves only the "acting" to behold.I will never understand the common man, and therefore will never understand the mass hysteria over this movie.  I did not care about any of the passengers James Cameron took the time to introduce us to.  In fact, we know none of the true heart-breaking tales of the R.M.S. Titanic - only the fanciful romantic tale of a spoiled brat and the only American in steerage. It is frightening to me that America embraced this movie without ever learning one bit of true history about the disaster of the Titanic.  5 will get you 10 that most of America believes there was such a jewel as the Heart of the Ocean.  We already know many fools clamored around the graves of anyone known as Jack Dawson.  Most offensive, however, are Mr. Cameron's comments at the Oscars without any regard for the 1523 lives actually lost on the R.M.S. Titanic.  Life is not a movie, and love does not conquer all.