I am written this review In Memorie of my all time favorite the best horror director Wes Craven that sadly is no longer with us anymore. On August 30th 2015, Craven died of brain cancer at home in Los Angeles. I am doing this for him. A Nightmare on Elm Street is a 1984 American supernatural Classic slasher horror film written and directed by Wes Craven, and the first film of the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise. The best horror flick I have ever seen.I love this film to death, I love it!!! It is one of my personal favorite horror movies. It is my number 1 favorite film in the franchise it stays in my heart forever. I am a big fan of this film I even have a poster hang on door in my room, my girlfriend give it to me as gift. I love some other films of Wes Craven that he directed like are New Nightmare, Scream, Shocker,The People Under the Stairs, Scream 2 and Scream 3. A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984) for me will be always in the genre the best slasher classic horror film written and directed by Wes Craven. He gave us Freddy Krueger which was followed six sequels one crossover and one remake after success of the first film that gross $26.505.000 in USA. The sequel after the first film A Nightmare on Elm Street Part 2: Freddy's Revenge was refused from Wes Craven to work on the film because he never wanted or intended A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984) to become an ongoing franchise (and even wanted the first film to have a happy ending), and also because he didn't like the idea of Freddy manipulating the protagonist into committing the murders. The sequel for me wasn't a good movie after the original was released. My top 5 films of We Craven would be A Nightmare On Elm Street, Scream , New Nightmare, Shocker and The People Under the Stairs. The first film is so original, realistic, and overall terrifying horror classic slasher flick that is actually happening in dreams, a sociopath child killer with sharp clawed glove who has knives in stead for a fingers, can enter into your dreams. If he kills you in your dreams, you're dead for real. The main protagonist is Nancy Thompson a teenager where her friends start dying and are killed one by one from Freddy Krueger, she try's to warn people from Freddy coming in to their dreams, but no one listens to her not her father the Sheriff not her mom or her friends. Her parents hold a dark secret from her long ago. She is alone in this and she has to fight him by her self by going back in to her dreams and get Freddy out of her dream in to the real world. Nancy the character was so clever, smart and intense carefully. She was awesome unique legendary heroine did you see how she put booby-traps for Freddy? Awesome!Tina Grey played by Amanda Wyss, is really good in her role for the short time she is in this film. Heather Langenkamp is excellent in her role as the main protagonist in this film. She's legendary unique teen heroine a very attractive,and gives 100% as Tina's friend Nancy Thompson who starts to have the same nightmares. Robert Englund as Freddy Krueger the actor's contribution to the character is 100% superb. I think that Freddy Kruegar IS Robert Englund and vice versa, even though a lot of his moments in this film are about injecting a scary visual presence, he also creates a mystic before the film's revelation: Who is he? Where does he come from? Why is he doing these things? After the third film of the series, Englund would become a Hollywood star and a horror icon. For me Robert Englund will be the only Freddy Krueger I love him in all Nightmare films. John Saxon as Lt. Donald Thompson, Nancy's dad was fantastic in his role and his performance. Johnny Depp in his first role as Glen Lantz was awesome, I seriously loved him in 21 Jump Street TV Series and today I still love him in Pirates of the Caribbean film franchise. I love the main theme Nightmare Freddy Krueger score from Charles Bernstein and I love the song at the of the credits Nightmare by 213.A Nightmare On Elm Street (1984) is the best classic slasher film,one of the best horror movies ever made. It is one of my personal favorite horror movies. My number one favorite horror film in the franchise and it will always be the best one in the series. I have always enjoyed seeing this film, it is fast paced, entertaining, not boring or over long film, but short and very intense from the beginning till the end. I love this movie death. 10/10 Grade: Bad Ass Seal Of Approval The "Nightmare" has been recently on in our TV and I must admit that even after those fourteen years it made a deep impression on me. I saw the film for the first time in 1989 and at that time I was scared because I was just a teenager then. But now, I can see that the film has got something unique, which makes the film different from other horror movies. I think it`s down to the basic idea of this film - dreams and everything that can happen in our dreams sometimes become true. The authors of this film did not have to be bound with the need to stay realistic and that opens a free way to their wildest imaginations. Charles Bernstein`s music in this movie has become clasic and we can hear the basic melodic motive in some of the sequels. Original music composed by different authors in the sequels to this first Nightmare stays far far behind Bernstein`s masterpiece. A Nightmare on Elm Street, one of the scariest movies of all time, and one of the scariest in the 80's. It also introduced one of the scariest villains of all time, Freddy Krueger, one of the ultimate boogeymen that you know who he is just by his name. Wes Craven brought us one of the most terrifying ideas, what would happen if your nightmares were real? That if you died in your dream, you died in real life? He brought us A Nightmare on Elm Street, a low budget horror film that has made it huge in the horror genre's world. The whole concept of the film is just what makes it so brilliant. Not to mention how cool is it that this is Johnny Depp's first film role? Who knew that that kid was going to be so huge one day, right? But the entire cast made this into one of the scariest movies that will always bring you a few nightmares on it's own.Tina is a girl who has been having tons of nightmares about a scary figure, a man who is severely burned and has knives for fingers. She's so scared of this man that she asks her friends, Nancy, Nancy's boyfriend, Glenn, and her boyfriend, Rod to stay over. But Tina is brutally killed in the middle of the night, the only witness is her boyfriend, leaving him as the suspect of murder. But when he is murdered in jail, Nancy knows there's something wrong and soon she's having the same nightmares as Tina. Soon she knows that she might be next, no one believes her, until her mom reveals a deep dark secret about the mysterious figure, Freddy Krueger. He was a sick child molester/killer who the neighbors burned alive to keep him away, but now he's after their kids and he's not going to take it easy on Nancy.A classic horror film that's perfect for a sleep over with your friends to watch in the dark. It's such a great film that sparked quite a few sequels and a new icon for slasher films. Freddy Krueger is so cool and extremely scary just for the fact that he's so confident in knowing that he will kill you. He's ruthless, scary, and clever and he's coming to kill the kids in their dreams. A Nightmare on Elm Street is such a great film and I highly recommend it, Wes Craven is an original genius who spawned a new type of terror.10/10 I love A Nightmare On Elm Street. Every time i watch this i think it has a terrific energy and strength running through it. I like the way the film starts with Freddy Kruegar making his Finger Knife Glove in his basement cellar, then the music kicks in (what a creepy score) as the first teenager is frantically running around his maze-like Boiler Room in her dream state. Freddy is only hinted at in the shadows or ripping through cloth with his glove and i love the way you can hear animals and creepy noises emitting from all around Tina, as she becomes cornered before Freddy comes out of the shadows. A great opening.Tina Grey is played by Amanda Wyss, who is really good in her role for the short time she is in this film. I always remember her character in this film the way i remember the Chrissie Watkins character at the start of Jaws, i think you know what i'm coming too. Tina's encounter with Freddy in her backyard is my favourite moment in this film, and it is one of the most horrifying deaths I've ever seen. Its frightening to see and if you are faint hearted at splashing blood then look away because it is a screamer.Heather Langenkamp is excellent in this film. Shes very attractive,and gives 100% as Tina's friend Nancy Thompson who starts to have the same nightmares. My favourite moments with Nancy are mostly her scary encounters with Freddy scored to an energetic music beat by Charles Bernstein. I would say part of the movie's success is down to his creepy score. I also love the bathroom scene when Nancy falls asleep, absolutely gross and hilarious at the same time. The thing is, these 'funny' moments are actual imagines of how Freddy wants to prey on his victims before killing them, this is done in this first film with a measured discipline, then you watch The Dream Master and Freddy is basically killing kids while being 100% comic about it as well.One of my favourite other scenes in this film is when Nancy is following Tina's corpse down her School halls (having falling asleep)and runs into a prefect women who states 'Wheres your pass?' Nancy doesn't respond in kind, and as she goes running down the hall, the girl reveals herself to be Freddy 'No running in the hallway' an eerie moment that is funny too.Finally, special mention must go to Robert Englund as Freddy Kruegar. This actor's contribution to the character is 100% superb. I think that Freddy Kruegar IS Robert Englund and vice versa, even though a lot of his moments in this film are about injecting a scary visual presence, he also creates a mystic before the film's revelation: Who is he? Where does he come from? Why is he doing these things? After the third film of the series, Englund would become a Hollywood star and a horror icon. Rightfully so.A Nightmare On Elm Street is a classic horror thriller and, along with Halloween, is one of the best horror movies ever made. This movie might very well be one of the best horror movies of all time, together with movies like "Poltergeist", "Dawn of the Dead (1978)" "The Exorcist" and "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre (1974)".I didn't expected it to be but this movie was just brilliant. Certainly the best slasher movie ever made. There are several things that make this movie a good horror classic. Of course the classic 'killer' Freddy Kruger is one of them. Another thing is the concept. Yes, the story of course is just simply ridiculous at times but it's the perfect concept to fill a movie with, with some scary scene's and brutal killings with tons of blood.The movie has the same scary gritty atmosphere like a horror movie from the 70's, when the horror genre was at an all-time high. The actors are giving their best but some of the dialog is just plain cheesy. Still I think that the actors should deserve more credit then they are getting right now, especially Johnny Depp made a impressive movie debut. The talent was already showing, back then. His role in this movie was way bigger than I expected it to be by the way.Really entertaining horror classic. Some things might look cheesy, especially the ending (I really laughed my butt off!) and the story in general but the atmosphere, gore and Kruger make up everything! Guess you have to be a fan of the genre to fully appreciate it though.10/10http://bobafett1138.blogspot.com/ The 80's biggest horror landmark was this smash-hit that brought director Craven into mainstream film and gave birth to an unstoppable horror icon!Young lady discovers that she and her friends are having the same terrifying dreams about a scar-faced maniac, who's about to transcend into murderous life!Wes Craven's biggest claim to fame, A Nightmare on Elm Street was a far more imaginative slasher film than the numerous others that flooded the 80's cinema scene. Craven's clever premise and inventively shocking story added a kind of dark fantasy element that made this film so much more engrossing (and frightening) than the average slasher flick. It also turned villain Freddy Kruger into the biggest horror icon since the monsters of 50's horror cinema. Craven's direction is truly great, giving this film plenty of feverish atmosphere, tight suspense, and a share of good scares! Adding even more to the movie is the occasional touch of dark humor, who could ever forget that 'tounge phone' bit. The movie also has lots of gruesome special FX as well. The Elm Street theme by Charles Bernstein is a nicely chilling touch too.The cast is quite good. Heather Langenkamp makes for a terrific and likable heroine. John Saxon and Ronee Blakley are both great as Langenkamp's disbelieving parents. Amanda Wyss, Nick Corri, and Johnny Depp (in his debut role) are also great as some troubled Elm Street youths. Robert Englund is a power-house villain as Freddy Kruger.A modern horror classic all the way, A Nightmare on Elm Street is still making folks afraid to sleep all these years later!Followed by numerous sequels.**** out of **** This is a terrific, truly original horror movie.I consider myself a fan of all the "Nightmare on Elm Street" films, but this movie is, along with part 3, the finest the series has to offer.There is much to recommend about this movie.First of all, this movie treated the killer (Freddy Krueger) with respect. As the series wore on, each successive film played him more and more for laughs.  But, in this movie, he's a force to be reckoned with.Besides that, the concept is truly unique - a sociopathic child killer who can enter into your dreams.  If he kills you in your dreams, you're dead for real.The movie is shot in a very eerie, dark style which adds to the suspense. The performances are all enjoyable.Overall, I highly recommend this movie if you like horror films at all.I rate this a 10 out of 10. Do you need a big budget to make a good Horror Movie? No, Wes Craven and many other Directors of that Genre proved that more than once. From today's point of view some special effects might look a bit poor but some others are still impressive and they still stick in my mind. What I impressed more than the blood and gore scenes are the creation of a new kind of Horror figure: Freddy Krueger. In a kind he is a modern Vampire. He isn't like Bela Lugosi's or Christopher Lee's Dracula a fashionable and handsome man who tries to seduce his victims. No he is more like Max Schreck's Count Orlok of the classic Nosferatu. An ugly person you fear when you see him. Freddy Krueger doesn't suck out the blood but the sucks out the fear of his victims. He needs their fear to live and like a Cat with a Mouse he plays with his victims before he kills them. Most of them are teenager and like a Vampire he is coming into the night when all the children sleep. If one of the youngsters let him in their dream it's pretty difficult to survive for them.It's not so easy to create a horror figure. Director Wes Craven had the luck to find with Robert Englund the perfect cast for this role. Also some of the young actresses and actors are showing good performances. As Max Schreck was Count Orlok Robert Englund is Freddy Krueger. No wonder that so many sequels would follow. Next to the creation of a perfect new horror monster the whole movie follows somehow the concept of old classics. If you hear a children song in a horror movie it's always scary. The concept of the plot is like an old urban legend, myth or old classic ghost story. A young teenage girl is telling his parents that she dreamed of a monster that tried to kill her. Nobody believes her and keep on telling her it's just a nightmare. Freddy Krueger cannot come into the dreams of adults they don't have the imagination of fantasy anymore.Next to the plot I was always impressed of the style of directing and photography of A Nightmare on Elm Street. It's 80's style with contemporary music. The movie it self has a Gothic nightmarish atmosphere but Wes Craven used the colors and the look of the 1980's for it. The first A Nightmare on Elm Street Movie isn't a typical Horror Mainstream product. Wes Craven not only broke with some of the common rules of the genre he also reinvented some old classic rules of the genre into a new light. I highly recommend this piece of 80's culture to every movie fan not only the horror fans. If you don't like horror series don't watch the sequels but watch Wes Craven's Version of a Nightmare. This movie is much different from other horror movies because it's more about the story and mystery and less on pointless killings.in some pointless horror movies I think to my self when pricks get slashed d by an obvious killer I say "yeah sure there getting killed but gives a cares". But in Nightmare on elm street is clever psychological suspense. By 1984, the slasher genre was wearing thin. Halloween bombed out with number 3, and Friday the 13th was falling into the dreadful mix of completely cliché horror. Without A Nightmare on Elm Street, that could have been it for the slasher film. With it, however, the genre was brought off the respirator for another 10 years when Craven did it again with Scream, but I digress. Wes Craven delivers a very original, creative, and well played out horror film that has the perfect level of plot, fright, gore, and imagination. The balance of these elements is key, as it gives you the best of all of them, without becoming too cliché, too bloody, or too silly. And I'm not talking about no stinking Santa Claus! I'm talking about Freddy Krugger, the king of 80's horror! The original "Nightmare On Elm Street" is still considered a modern masterpiece of horror where for once, I didn't get no sleep at night. I remember watching the original film back in Halloween of 2000 where I thought that Freddy Krugger had gotten me until my dad woke me up to see if I was okay. Luckily, there weren't any bruises or cuts on me before leaving to school the next day.Starting on my review.Wes Craven's "A Nightmare on Elm Street" is about a group of kids led by Nancy (Heather Lagenkamp) where her friends have one thing in common: They see the same guy in their dreams. Freddy Krugger looks like a burned piece of meat after coming out of the fire where he wears a red and green stripe sweater and has long knives as fingernails and chases his victims when they're asleep giving them a souvenir. One night, Nancy invites her friends for a sleepover where one of them is brutally attacked by the monster himself where nobody believes Nancy or her pals about the incident.To this day, A Nightmare on Elm Street scares the living crap out of me where every night before I go to bed, I try to tell myself that it's only a movie.Sweet dreams, everybody! After such gruesome drive-in flicks as "The Last House on the Left" and "The Hills Have Eyes," master of horror Wes Craven wanted to make a movie that would bring the slasher genre back to life, since the genre was clouded by untalented, unoriginal films that shouldn't have been made. So, along came "A Nightmare on Elm Street." To this day, Craven's masterpiece of modern horror is the movie that elevated the horror genre. Avoid the awful sequels that followed it. The first "Nightmare on Elm Street" movie is still the scariest and most effective movie in the series.The story revolves around four teens in the town of Springwood: Nancy Thompson, Tina Gray, Rod Lane and Glen Lantz. All four have had horrifying dreams involving a terribly burnt boogeyman in a red and green sweater and a brown fedora on his head with extremely sharp blades for fingers. Sure, they're just dreams. But not until Tina is graphically murdered in her sleep. No weapon was found, but there were four long cuts in Tina's chest. The rest of the group soon finds out that it is the Springwood maniac Freddy Krueger that is haunting their dreams. None of them are safe. If they fall asleep, they will meet their gruesome demise. Now it's up to Nancy to stop Freddy once and for all. But how can she stop somebody that isn't supposed to be real?"A Nightmare on Elm Street" created a terrifying villain, a plot that is very original, and a group of characters that you care about. Everybody knows who Freddy is, just like everyone knows who Michael Myers is, or Jason Voorhees, or Leatherface. He is now one of the most iconic slashers in horror cinema.One of the things that I admire the most is the cast. Heather Langenkamp is an awesome heroine. Nancy is one of the girls in the genre that fought the villain and didn't run. Langenkamp creates a suburban teenage girl that is filled with pizazz and wit, which she has the most of out of all the characters. In a very brief performance, Tina is played by Amanda Wyss of the hit comedy "Fast Times At Ridgemont High." Her character's death is uncomfortable and disturbing to watch. Craven shows no mercy during Tina's death, not having an ounce of the scene edited. He makes you watch all of it, and that creeps the viewer out even more. Nick Corri is a very good rebel. And you'll also notice Johnny Depp in his first big movie as Glen. His death is second best.Nancy's parents, Donald and Marge Thompson, are played by John Saxon of "Black Christmas" and Ronee Blakely of "Nashville." They are the last of the parents on Elm Street to hold a very dark secret about Freddy, something that they aren't telling Nancy or the others. Not such a good idea, since Freddy never seems to leave them alone.I can't imagine anybody else playing Freddy other than Robert Englund. Englund is flawless in the role that made him a star. This is where Englund is scariest as Freddy. In the sequels, Freddy becomes a comedian with rather stale wisecracks. What makes Freddy so scary in the first "Nightmare on Elm Street" movie is how his dark, macabre sense of humor comes off as frightening. And he's always there, wherever you are. "Since he's a dream figure, he can basically do anything," says critic Aviva Briefel. "He can transform into anything. That's what makes him so scary. How can you resist sleep? He's everywhere." If horror movies got nominations, Englund would be first in line to win the award.Craven's direction is perfect. He films "A Nightmare on Elm Street" with a great amount of flair and he provides plenty of gore that will satisfy gore-hounds and enough scares to make you jump.The verdict: "A Nightmare on Elm Street" still holds up as one of the scariest horror movies ever made. And people are always going to remember it. When kids are off to summer camp or they want their parents to tell them a scary story before bed, they most likely will hear about Freddy Krueger and his razor-blade glove. Nightmares are guaranteed. "One, two, Freddy's coming for you...Three, four, better lock your door...Five, six grab your crucifix...Seven, eight, gonna stay up late...Nine, ten, never sleep again!" By the late 70s and early 80s, the slasher film genre was at its peak. With then-new special effects, they were always sure to have the audience on the edge of their seats. In this genre in particular, you had the Father (Michael Myers of Halloween), the Son (Jason of Friday the 13th), and last and most importantly, the Holy Spirit; none other than Freddy Krueger of A Nightmare on Elm Street.A Nightmare on Elm Street is on a slightly different level than the other gory slasher films of the 80s. It delves into a different part of the viewer's psyche that a lot of other films have ignored. Freddy, our villain, is as gruesome as our other horror movie monsters, (although he's acquit with slightly more witty banter) but he can only attack you one way--- in your dreams.Having the dreamworld as Freddy's playground is one of the smartest, and scariest ideas film maker Wes Craven could have come up with. Sleep is a thing that all humans have to do, no matter how hard we try to stay awake. Caffeine and cold showers can only take you so many days before you eventually drift off into slumber, where a real-life nightmare awaits you.As far as the acting goes in this film, you can't get any better for a number of reasons. Freddy's (Robert Englund) sly and sometimes perverted remarks bring a sense of comic relief into the script, a thing many other horror films don't have. Also, this was Johnny Depp's first role in a feature-length film. And let me tell you, the 17 year old Johnny made being torn in two look pretty realistic. Our heroine of the film, (Heather Langenkamp) played a very believable, strong role. She made the audience root for her the whole way through, and made viewers feel her frustration when no one would believe her about her night stalker.Along with a great musical score that made The Nightmare on Elm Street theme famous, a great cast, and a very talented director, Nightmare is safety one of the slasher genre's greatest films. With six sequels to follow, a television show, and various merchandise, it is obvious that this was one of horror's biggest franchises. With its cult following, this movie will be loved for generations to come. Nancy kick ass! Finally a character who fights back! I am so tired of horror film where everyone dies at the end and all that really happens is that they get massacred. The main character in this movie: Nancy Thompson deserves the title heroine in my opinion. There are few good horror movies where people fight back and this is one of them.Being a big fan of John Carpenter I felt Wes Cravens film where worth checking out, and so far I'm not disappointed. i think most of you 70's and 80's horror fans noticed the same thing like me; this kinda reminds me of John Carpenters "Halloween". The lead role is a few years younger and Michael Meyers is replaced with Freddy Krueger an equally creepy bogeyman-ish character.Of course like all horror movies is write reviews about I note that these are not for the faint of heart. It scared the hell out of me, that's for sure. And it may freak you out even more, I just wan't to make clear it's R rated for a reason, so don't show to anyone under 13 or 14 (it's not that bad, just don't show it to a child).PS.MINOR SPOILERS: You may be a little confused at the end, but remember, it's just a dream. (And Nancy is in the 3 movie so she's fine) SPOILER ENDS.So for a great horror film, with a heroine that kicks ass, I give this movie a 10/10. The original and the best "Nightmare" centers around the introduction of Nancy Thompson and Freddy Krueger. This four kids experience the same nightmare. Their nightmare is about a guy stalking them in a boiler room. He wears red green strips sweater, brown hat and he wears this glow he created with razor sharp knives for fingers. He stalks Nancy and her friends Tina, Rod and Glen he kills teens in their dreams and if they die in a dream they die for real in the real world. Nancy is a soul survivor alone no one believes her and her parents are hiding a deep secret from her. Now she has to fight back and bring Freddy Krueger in to real world. So she puts this booby traps then she dreams, she fights with Freddy she holds him and pulls him out of her dream in to real world."1, 2 Freddy is coming for you, 3, 4 better lock your door." A Nightmare on Elm Street is very invented. Wes Craven made a great film. It is the best horror classic film I have ever seen. My number 1 favorite horror film I love, love this film to death. You can see my title "NightmareOnElmStreetFan." I am supporting this franchise I am a huge Wes Craven fan I miss the director and his legacy R.I.P. This is my favorite film of them all horror icons, of all horror movies out there. It is very smart filmmaking, great story, scary villain, I was scared of Freddy as a kid. In the sequels Freddy got less scary, but in here he is really scary. When Tina pulls off Freddy's face you see a skeleton around his face. He is really creepy scary.Robert Englund was fantastic he did really great job as Freddy Krueger. No one can replace him he is the only Freddy Krueger child murderer stalking teens in their dreams on Elm Street. I read that Robert stated that he would love to do another Elm Street movie, if the script would be good. The dream sequence in this movie are very good. Nancy seen Tina in her dream with a white bloody body bag around her that is really creepy and scary. You see Freddy's face coming to the wall, different dreams sequences are really good. Heather Langenkamp as Nancy Thompson is my favorite actress my favorite horror heroine of all time. She is unique, clever, she put booby traps on Freddy and she fought with Freddy I love this girl to death.Great story by Wes Craven, very smart film, if you haven't seen this film check it out I know a lot of people seen this film. I love the soundtrack playing on the end of credits Nightmare by 213. A Nightmare on Elm Street is my all time personal favorite slasher horror movie of all time. I love this film to death it is dear to my heart, it always will be. I love this film is my number 1 favorite Wes Craven film it is my top 5 Craven films. My second favorite film is Shocker, my third favorite Craven film is New Nightmare, my fourth Wes Craven favorite film is Scream and fifth favorite Wes Craven film is The People Under the Stairs. It is the best in Elm Street series I love love this film.Johnny Depp is in his first acting role, he is awesome believable as Nancy's boyfriend love his performance to death. I love Johnny Depp to death he was in 21 Jump Street in the lead role I love him. John Saxon from Enter the Dragon is awesome as Nancy's dad Lt. Donald Thompson great acting performance from the actor. Amanda Wyss as Tina Gray is excellent as Nancy's friend I love the actress I love everything about this movie. Nick Corri as Rod Lane, Tina's boyfriend was great.Heather Langenkamp, Johnny Depp, Nick Corri and Amanda Wyss are respectfully awesome as 4 friends. Those actors who played there characters are beloved till this days.What can I say about the film that was said already? it is a classic, dark, scary, atmospheric slasher film. I have a poster hang on a door in my room about this movie. I am getting A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors T-shirt soon I order it such a fan of the franchise I am. It is easily my favorite horror film of all time, it stays in my heart forever. I am a big fan of the movie I love all other horror movies, I love some of the sequels not all they are good but 3 movies I don't like. A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984) will be the best one for me in the horror genre I grew up with this movie it is my childhood film. A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET Starring: Heather Langenkamp, Johnny Depp, Amanda Wyss, Jsu Garcia, Robert Englund, ...Plot: The killer Fred Krueger (Robert Englund) appears in the dreams and he kills the people who see him in their dreams. A teenager girl, Nancy (Heather Lngenkamp), wants to stop him, but that is so difficult...My opinion: That film is one horror low-budget movie from 80s and I think that is the best one, after "Friday the 13th". I had scared when I saw it. It has some very scary scenes. The best part of the film is the only one Freddy (Robert Englund) who is the best!!!! Freddy Krueger is the best killer I have ever seen and here is really good. So I put on "A nightmare on Elm Street" 10 out of 10. See that film. Trust me is really good. And I suggest and the sequels. There really are, when you come to think of it, not that many films that are truly frightening. The kind of film that gets under your skin and eats away at you. The kind of film that stays with you days ( and nights ) after you see it. There certainly aren't any that come to mind from the 90's. But along with films like Aliens the first Halloween, The Exorcist, Angel Heart, Last House On The Left and the first Texas Chainsaw Massacre, the first Nightmare is terrifying. And that is owed all to Wes Craven. The sequels of this film are really trash and that is because Robert Shaye may be a good business man but he certainly does not know how to see to it that The Nightmare series stayed it's course and kept viewers on the edge of their seat. The sequels became more comedic than scary and even though Freddy had a personality in the first one, he was still more diabolical and evil than he was funny. More Lon Chaney than Jerry Lewis. But the first one has every element in it to keep you scared beyond belief.This film is iconic in many ways. There are those that say it is dated. I beg to differ on that point. This is a film that transcends generations and expertly amalgamates gore and tension. When you think of all of the so called horror films that have come out in the last year or so, many of them try to enthrall us with buckets of blood and special effects, but they forget that with a horror film, you must have an element of fear with it. Nightmare on Elm Street captures that better than most, and is on a level with the all time greats.Fred Krueger, as we all know, was a child molester who was hunted down by the local Elm Street parents after he beat a court systems on a technicality. They trapped him in his basement and lit his house on fire and then watched him burn. Somehow he comes back and haunts their children's dreams and murders them while they sleep. This sets up the premise of the film and it is stated on the SE DVD that Craven got the idea for this film while reading a story in an Asian newspaper about kids dying in their sleep and telling their parents that they knew something bad was going to happen to them in their dreams. It is an interesting concept and because it is done to perfection here, it has now become one of the cornerstones of American horror.Wes Craven has been revitalized as a master of modern horror with his very commerically successful Scream series, and as much as I love Scream, it is horror lite when comparing it to his efforts like NOES, LHOTL and The Hills Have Eyes. Those films, and Nightmare in particular, revolutionized ther horror genre. Nightmare on Elm Street is his best film and if you forget how truly scary the film is after viewing all of the inferior comedic sequels (with the exception of the last) view this one. Freddy is a horror icon and he has achieved that status because he is the true definition of fear.10/10 One of the 10 best horror films ever! Come to Freddy!! A nightmare on elm street has always been and will always be my favorite horror movie of all time. But not just because it is an amazing movie, but also because it is the movie that really got me interested in movies, especially in horror movies. If i'd have to criticize anything, it'd be some of the acting. The acting in the movie is actually good except for Heather, who plays Nancy. She was decent, but i think the could have been better. But of course Robert Englund plays Freddy in this movie, who is my personal favorite horror movie villain of all time. Just the idea of some haunting you and trying to kill you in your dreams is terrifying. And of course he looks awesome. I think the characters in general are extremely likable and you really don't want them to die. But when someone dies it is really has an impact on you because first of all we don't want them to die and second of all the death scenes are really well made. This movie has one of the most iconic deaths in horror history and some of the most iconic moments in horror history. For example Freddy's hand coming out of the bathtub. Also i love the ending to this movie. Of course i don't want to spoil anything, so i'll just say that i love the ending. I know Wes Craven actually wanted to have a different ending, and yes i would've preferred the ending that he was planning on putting into the movie, but i still love the ending that we got. So, this movie is not only one of my favorite horror moves of all time, it is one of my favorite movies of all time. I can watch this movie over and over again and it just never gets boring. The cast is overly good in my opinion and Craven introduced us to not only one of the best and most iconic villains of all time, but also to Jonny Depp. This is an absolute masterpiece and of course i'll give a 10 out of 10. The friends Tina (Amanda Wyss) and Nancy (Heather Langenkamp) have a similar nightmare about a mysterious man who has "finger Knives". When Tina is mysteriously murdered, her boyfriend Rod (Nick Corri) is accused but there aren't concrete proves and Nancy begins to relate all to that man of her nightmares. Soon she will discover the truth about that man and will be in danger during her nightmares.Here's a terrific horror classic that introduces one of the greatest and most famous villains, not only in the horror genre but also in the entire Cinema history. Fred Krueger is his name and he is back to end with those who were saved. The plot is really good with suspense every minute and a terrific atmosphere. I love how this film use the sensation of a nightmare that we feel like it was real, a sensation that all of us have experience sometime, to create a great horror atmosphere. In this case is really terrifying for Nancy to awake with proves that her nightmares are real. But she is a very brave girl; I love how she, after realizing that nobody is going to help her, becomes an expert to can elaborate a really brilliant plan. In the end we have the beginning of an endless story that, until now, has about seven films and counting.Cast: all the young actors did a good job. Is funny to see Johnny Depp in his first film as Nancy's boyfriend. Robert Englund is the memorable Fred Krueger, definitely a terrific villain even with funny scenes. Remember the "I'm your boyfriend now, Nancy". Conclusion: It's a fact, right now we make fun of it, that my cousin doesn't want to sleep after watching this film when he was about 7 years old. Nowadays this film is not so impressive for young audiences because it doesn't have any gore but this is a perfect horror film that creates a terrific atmosphere full of suspense because of a magnificent villain that becomes more interesting and at the same time more terrifying when his past is reveal. Definitely "A Nightmare on Elm Street" is a film that you should watch at midnight to see if you can sleep after. I could so I think you will too.PS: I also recommend the parody/tribute of the Simpsons with Willie as Krueger; appears in the "Treehouse of Horror VI". A Nightmare on Elm Street has to be my favorite horror franchise of all time! Definitely would recommend! It's got a amazing story line, directed by Wes Craven who sadly passed away on August 30th 2015, alongside the amazing acting behind Freddy Kruger, Robert Englund. a nightmare on elm street 1984 is a horror classic. one of the most original horror films ever made. released at a time where slasher films were growing tiresome a nightmare on elm street revitalized the sub genre. Friday the 13th was up to it's third sequel and Halloween had already released it's second sequel. many other slasher films had been released and they all followed the template set in stone by Friday the 13th and Halloween. the sub genre was on life support and desperately needed a shot of adrenaline. so along came a little low budget film called A nightmare on elm street directed by Wes Craven. while a nightmare on elm street does stay true to the tropes that make a slasher film, it does so in a refreshing way (at the time of release) in terms of it's premise and the plot structure. the concept of a killer that haunts your dreams relentlessly and doesn't stop until he's killed you is a terrifying experience. if you die in your dreams you die in the real world. this allows Craven to utilize near unlimited creativity. the most frightening part though is that sleep is a must. there truly is no escape from this menacing evil so the level of impending doom is huge. just the way the director toys with your mind and plays around with whether the characters in the film have fallen asleep or not is brilliant. the amount of creativity that is put into the dream sequences and special FX is astounding. it truly delivers some of the most memorable and intense scares ever. the atmosphere is very dark and.. well.. dream-like. its a very unique and spooky atmosphere to say the least. along with a very sinister and mysterious dream demon named Freddy Krueger this movie is a real treat. although done on a small budget the film's FX are top notch and are very creative. as for the acting, most of it is not that bad. the final girl and Robert Englund are of coarse the head of the show and they carry the film with some memorable and standout performances. the script is also very good for the budget they had and it has many classic scenes of terror that will never leave my mind. but considering Wes craven is the director id assume we all knew the plot and script would be great. the only other thing I can say is definitely check out this one. whether you like slasher films, psychological horror, cool FX and some bloody mayhem, or just horror in general.. this is one that you must see at all costs! the only downside for me was the very end. I guess by that point in time most of the budget was gone and they had to fix up an ending with whatever they had left but it was still alright. i excuse the very tiny issues and consider this film a perfect horror film. the verdict: 10/10 A Nightmare on Elm Street is a great film with a wonderful agenda: it's a horror film that takes place in the realm of nightmares, which gives your imagination a lot to work with once you go to sleep after watching it.Robert Englund is terrifying as the cruel sadist Freddy Krueger. His costume design and make-up is unmatched by any of the other slasher icons, and he is matched perhaps only by Nosferatu's Count Orlock in terms of character design.This film really gets under your skin and gives you some serious nightmares. To this day, I have the occasional Freddy Krueger dream and they vary in levels of scariness. But this is a real testament to the film's ability to get under your skin and really bother you. I consider this a must for anyone looking for a good scare. The Movie: I can still remember the first time I saw this one! And from that day became my favorite movie for life! The movie refreshes the genre, witch was exploring at the time the slasher sub-genre. It launched a new kind of slasher, who talks, teases and could kill his victims in their sleep! We always wonder what would happen if we die in our dreams, well, a nightmare on elm street answer that question in the most macabre way. The cast is fabulous, starting with the villain Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund from Eaten Alive and V), the heroin Nancy Thompson (Heather Langenkamp)and the beginning of a amazing actor witch plays Glen (Johnny Depp), the heroin's boyfriend. Wes Craven's work is one in a lifetime, the effects are amazing, making this movie looked like it was big budget production. The short amount of money, makes a Nightmare on Elm Street the ultimate Classic of the modern age, and Makes Freddy Krueger the most loved villain since Darth Vader. All the energy spent with the will of wanting to make this movie is felt during the hole time.The sequels: Well, as usually, if the formula works it will comeback for more! In this case, the numbers of sequels is a little bit too much for the character Freddy Krueger, because sequel after sequel the character became too much of a joker, instead the sarcastic killer from the first movie. One of the biggest mistakes of New Line Cinema was as the Budget grew, we started to see more detailed Krueger's face, witch made the character more exposed and less scary. Freddy's Revenge is probably where the ambient is similar to the original, Krueger is still in the dark, half hidden by the shadows of darkness and although after the sequel it's not my favorite part, is one of my favorites. As the character started to loose the audience, new line cinema started to loose control over Freddy's character, until the creator Wes Craven came with Wes Craven's New Nightmare, refreshing the franchise. In my opinion, Freddy is dead and he should stay that way in sign of respect for what he has given to New Line Cinema! The remake news that Robert Englund is not going to play Freddy Krueger only makes us (fans) wonder that New Line Cinema couldn't care less for the importance that the character had for the studio, and if it wasn't for Freddy, Lord of The Rings would probably be made by another studio. Freddy Made New Line big and New Line is making Freddy shrink!Long Live Freddy! A Nightmare on Elm StreetWritten and Directed by Wes Craven Review:Although Freddy Kruger is now well known as being a Comical Slasher Icon who kills Teenagers in their Dreams while giving out one-liners back in 1984 Freddy Kruger was different. He was a Scary and Creepy Character that went around killing Teenagers in their Dreams without saying any one-liners.The Character was darker in A Nightmare on Elm Street for example when you see Freddy Kruger (Or Fred Kruger as he's called in this film) you get a sense of fear and dread as he moves in for the kill because you know he's not going to do anything silly, you know he's not going to say some one-liner like "How's this for a wet Dream?" Freddy Kruger's just going to kill the Teenager but before that he's going to tease them, torment them and even gross them out by doing things like cutting his Fingers off or slicing his Chest open.Robert Englund gives a great creepy performance as Freddy Kruger, John Saxon does a great job as the caring Dad, Heather Langenkamp gives a great job as the Heroine Nancy who must become tough in order to survive her Dreams. The acting for the rest of cast is good and features a young Johnny Depp playing as Nancy's boyfriend.The music for this movie is creepy and atmospheric.The make-up effects are great and gore is satisfying.Plot: When a young Teenager named Tina keeps having recurring Dreams of a mysterious man in a Sweater and Hat wielding a Glove with Blades on she tells her friends about it. That night Tina has a sleepover, there she discovers that Nancy had the a similar Dream which involved the Mysterious Man.Later that night Tina falls asleep and encounters the Mysterious Man again, unable to awaken from her Nightmare Tina is sliced up by the Mysterious Man. The Police believe it was Tina's boyfriend, when captured by the Cops, Nancy asks him what happened. When he tells her that he had a Dream about the same man Nancy starts to suspect something is not quite right in Elm Street, after several more encounters with the Dream Stalker Nancy manages to Pull his Hat out the Dream. There she learns that the Killer's name is Fred Kruger and after a talk with her Mother she discovers his origins and understands why he's killing the Teenagers of Elm Street to get back at the Parents who burnt him to death. Nancy decides that the only way to stop Fred Kruger is to pull him out the Dream world and then kill him, but can she succeed or will Fred Kruger get the upper-hand.Overview: A Nightmare on Elm Street is a great 80's Slasher movie that should be seen, check it out and be surprised to see a more Darker and Serious Freddy Kruger. 10/10 A classic that will have a long line of descendants. All the necessary elements are there to make a blockbusting horror film, a phenomenal scary movie. It concerns teenagers that are definitely in between desire and sex, both creating and nourishing in them fear and insecurity. The main characters are girls who are even more insecure and more fragile in their sexual fantasms and fears. Then the film systematically blurs the limits between reality and dream, reality and nightmare. It is one fundamental human fear that has been with humanity since the first homo sapiens ever appeared on this earth : the fear that what you imagine or just plain see in your mind may be just as real, even if virtual, as reality. Virtual reality is the other side of the living coin and it is so simple to toss it over. Then you get into smaller elements like underground airless and lightless corridors. Nerverending furnaces that leak and steam around. Snakes, bugs and other creepy crawly monsters. Then the film can center its focusing eye onto the essential element that is going to shine bright on the background of fearful and frightening people and objects. It is the four long razor sharp metallic claws or nails that this Fred Krueger wears on his right hand. This handful of claws, this handful of expanded and deadly nails is the ultimate fear in itself : the hand that can crush you, choke you, strangle you, seize you, grab you, etc. The claws that can tear, cut, scratch, perforate, and do so many other actions. Then you just have to add some blood, some metallic shine, some rust, and some sharp sound and the trap is ready and your soul can fall in the hole and it does at the bottom of a bathtub or in the middle of a bed. Then the film is a neverending story I watched "A nightmare on Elm Street" last night and...Oh my God,how good it is! I thought "Where were I earlier?!". It is good in spite of its age. As we all know, old films - good films. Believe me, I have seen a lot of horror films and I think that "A nightmare on Elm Street" is worth attention. You know,I can confess that there were some times which made my heart to beat intensively than theretofore. I was surprised how professionally actors were acting in spite of the fact that it was the first time for Johnny Depp! The plot was intense and I love it. There is one feature of good horror film - restlessness about characters. And You know, when I was watching this film, You don't know how much I was worrying about them, especially about Nancy. "What's now? No,Freddy, don't!" and so on... Second feature of good film is unexpected ending. I really didn't expect an ending like this. Actually sound effects and soundtracks were better than I expected! Wes Craven made a masterwork. I watched "A nightmare on Elm Street" (2010) few years ago and I didn't like it at all because it's plagiarism, cheap copy of old, but fantastic film! Anyway let's talk about "A nightmare on Elm Street" (1984). I didn't waste my time, I'll tell about this film for all my friends. So, let's hurray for this masterwork, for all actors and for director, because this film is a classic! 