I may not have grown up with the legend of La Llorona, but I grew up with a healthy respect for superstitions and things that cannot be explained. In a number of Latinx communities, some of us give our children a piece of jewelry or amulet to ward off the evil eye. Mine is a bracelet of black and red beads that my mother bought. Even if you're not a true believer of such curses, it's preferable to be safe than sorry. The Haters and bad Reviewers always have issues with understanding any film. Do not believe what they say they are lying through their teeth with their stupid reviews.This film was unspeakably terrifying, I dont get scared easily but this one will terrify you from start to finish. It is haunting, dark.Masterpiece in the making a great cast, phenomenal directing and absolutely magnificent performances by all cast.A truly edge of your seat Horror that will leave you breathless. She is so terrifying and she is coming for you. An outstanding 10/10 Very good this horror movie. i recommed this to you.. This movie was soooooo good! Totally scary and I would of been bummed out if I didn't see it in Theaters. If you like scary movies GO! Just as good as Conjuring! Based on the legendary "La Llorona". This movie is by far the best horror film. No other horror films have given me goose bumps, made me jump or the need for taking deep breaths throughout the entire movie like this one! We are a family lover big on horror films and everyone loved it. This is BEST by far, beating the Conjuring, Annabelle, Insidious, the Nun etc...Most horror films feature their scary parts during the night time but La Llorona is day and night settings. This is a MUST SEE!! It was a very good movie. Suspenseful from beginning to end. A lot of scenes that made me jump. Great cast. Enjoyed it very much! After a long time James Wan has done a great job on this movie,it's a must watch for horror movie fans. Great story and very creepy. Love James Wan movies! 'Haunting'
A really good horror movie after the conjuring universe Love this one....kinda spookie, kinda thriller......watch in Atmos dolby soundsystem...really scary....make you feel the touch of the ghost....scary....when she grab your wrinkle .....Ooucchh scary......don't watch it alone...... Good Scare , good acting and good photography for a horror movie ! I would say 1 of the best horror movie. Simply awesome When I watched this movie , I felt that I was watching the nun movie , Annabelle etc.
Horror and good movie 8/10 Just watched the movie..let me tell you after so many long time i watched a perfect horror movie..so much spooky scenes..a bunch of jump scares scenes..just loved it.. thoroughly enjoyed..ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ The movie is excellent it will keep you at edge of the seat in every minute no lag,no boring dialogues......overall a quality film... Really awesome experience must watch it... thriller movie fans ah neenga please go and watch........... I love horror movies and very critical of the bad ones
but this one had it all
the music
the story
the surprise element
the directing was extraordinary
we were on the edge of our seats
I mean, i have no idea what others talking about
but this should be considered on of the greatest horror movies ever madr. I don't get it why people gave it bad reviews, as a Mex and not being scared by this folktale (my fam never passed on that "cursi" folktale since it isn't true) I have to say I MIGHT NOT SLEEP TONIGHT. ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ my question on this whole process on watching this movie is WHY I'm the world are parents taking their 5 year olds and babies to the theater to watch it...omg wtf is wrong with them. I left my little one with Dad but took my teenager and HE was even scarred. It's rated R, omg. I feel they used the same house as that movie Hereditary from the inside...little spoiler alert.......>>>>> attic scene. Any who I think this deserves higher ratings. I liked it and I really love it. So scary, terrifying, shocking, and haunting. Very great horror movie! LOVE THIS MOVIE! Ahhhhhh. I can not believe it only got 6 out of 10. It is so scary. It is one of the scariest movie I have seen. It is scarier then The Exorcist. If it does not scary you no movie will. I have really enjoyed the conjuring series of films, but this film kept me on the edge of my seat. Some great scary and tense moments even my partner Lisa spent most of the film looking through her fingers and she loves a great horror story.Would highly recommend if you want to raise your heartbeat lol Great story, plenty of scares and tension. It's so rare to get good scary films today that do not resort to violence or murder. As part of the Conjuring Series, I was very happy with this movie. I would have seen this in the theater. I love the reference to Annabelle and how they used the same actor for the priest. The little boy was smart which was a nice change from your typical "stupid characters" from other horror films. Very enjoyable. I love this film, I'm not sure why it has such bad reviews, the storyline is great, the acting is great through and through a great film So, you might be wondering how exactly this movie fits into The Conjuring Universe timeline.The Curse of La Llorona is set in 1973 taking place in between Annabelle Comes Home (1971-72) and The Conjuring 2 (1976-77).The only physical connection between the movies is the appearance of Father Perez who was one of the main character's in Annabelle.The atmosphere of the movie is set right away, and I was not ready for the opening scene Marisol Ramirez (La Llorona) really got into her character and it showed. Her quick movements are absolutely unnerving. The scene in the beginning where she cracks her head to the side feels inhuman and yes I jumped and I have no shame. Some moments are deserving of actual jumps and that one certainly was.The only moment I really didn't enjoy as much was when Anna (Linda Cardellini) first sees La Llorona standing in the hallway and screams. Her scream just didn't resonate with me it didn't sound like a true terrified scream. 