Not only does this movie create an extremely tense atmosphere the moment it starts, it has plenty of gore and violence to bombard your eyes, not to mention that it has one of the best twists seen in any horror movie.I watched this film alone at night with the lights off, expecting to be freaked out by it since I thought it was just another typical horror movie; but instead I was completely intrigued by the story line, and utterly drawn into the film for the whole 100 minutes. At the end I did not feel scared, rather, I felt something very few horror movies have to offer: satisfaction! This movie left me in a slightly disturbed but very thoughtful state. It did not give me nightmares, rather, it plagued my day-dreams; for two days my thoughts could not stray far from this film, that's how powerful it is.If you want a cringingly gory and violent horror movie, watch "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" or "Hostel"; if you want a nightmarishly scary horror movie, watch "The Grudge" or "The Ring"; if you want a clever and disturbing horror movie with an excellent story and a great twist, watch "Saw". Wow. The critics weren't wrong. Not since seven has horror been portrayed so majestically. From the first minute to last this film twists and turns you till you feel rather poorly. Just like 'Se7en', the all-round Grittiness that director James Wan creates disgusts and enthralls. Just like 'Se7en', there is a H U G E twist that makes your blood curdle. A lack of star names helps the movie flow as the pace builds to a finale that won't be forgotten by this viewer in a hurry! I still can't sleep. It is well scripted, well acted, and, for everyone who guesses the killer after the first few minutes, keeps you guessing right up to the final reel. It is better than Seven for shock value. It is not over the top gory but there is a final scene which makes you sweat. Very highly recommended! Movies like Saw are the ones that makes us believe in the horror genre. It is because of such movies we like to see horror/thriller movies. Let me tell you that after watching Saw I wanted to buy the ticket and watch it again because after a long time I got to see a real gripping and tightly directed horror movie. The movie is very exciting and has a lot of goosebumps. However, if you are a faint of heart please do not see this movie as it has a lot of gore/violence in it which will make you jump out of your seat. I just can't wait for the DVD to come out as I really want to buy it. My recommendation to all of you is to watch Saw and have a good time like I did. Also, the movie has a great twist. 10/10 There is no way one can condescend to this movie. This is the best horror suspense movie that was ever made !!! Its simply unmatched !! THe acting might not be the best around, but that is not the only that that one looks for in a movie of this calibre. Looking at the story is what needs to be complimented upon. The storyline, the concept used herein, the chain of events, the vision portrayed and the end result...its all fits in perfectly to keep the viewer at his seat all the way. And that is how a movie show be - keeping the watched interested and let me tell you that as far as I know, everyone i know who have watched this movie have not nothing but impressed !! I have been reading the other comments that have come through and cannot believe some of the criticisms that I have seen. UNBELIEVABLE!!!! These guys had 18 days and a budget of 1.2 mil. If anyone else who has posted their ill views about this film has the ability to produce a true thriller with a sensational plot, storyline and final scene in that amount of time and budget I'd like to see it!! Coming from Melbourne myself, I am impressed and thrilled to have fellow residents of this great state in Australia to get out there, do what they love doing and make a very nice profit for themselves thankyou very much! The amount of CRAP that has come out of Hollywood with big name stars and RIDICULOUS!!! budgets, with movies that have completely flopped is outstanding!! For James and Leigh's first feature film, they did incredibly well, so instead of condemning and "nit-picking", we should be supporting these young film-makers.In conclusion.... For all of you people who hated the movie and thought it was a complete waste of your money and laughed at this film... SAW made over $54mil from its first week in the US and it is still climbing... Who's laughing now!! this movie mixes several attributes which made me giving a 10-rating: the beginning is fascinating with a cube-like atmosphere. it never loses suspense thru the whole movie....and the sick mind of the killer reminds to john doe's from "se7en" of brilliant David Finch. the turnings of the storyline are almost unpredictable which is rare and never any Hollywood-like cliché or happy-end. a lot of surprises, shock and some gore scenes which altogether makes it a perfect horror-psycho-thriller.in my opinion, it beats even cult horror-movies like Texas chainsaw massacre 2003, event horizon, dawn of the dead 2004, cube, wrong turn or evil dead. thru out the time, these kind of movies goes far to the limits of the violence and dark fears we all got into us....so be warned, "saw" will give you a sightseeing tour thru hell....enjoy it ! Adam (Leigh Whannell) and Larry (Cary Elwes) awaken to find themselves locked in a filthy, dilapidated public bathroom. As they regain awareness, things go from bad to worse. They see a dead body on the floor between them, and then they realize that they're chained to large pipes on opposite sides of the room. When they discover a hidden message for each, they learn that a madman is playing a sick game with them. Can they win the game and escape with their lives? Every once in a while, I'm given an opportune moment to engage in a mini-rant, so here we go. Anyone wondering why I usually pay no attention to the Academy Awards need look no further than Saw. In my view, Saw should be nominated for eight 2005 Oscars: Best Motion Picture of the Year, Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role (Elwes), Best Achievement in Directing, Best Writing--Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen, Best Achievement in Cinematography, Best Achievement in Art Direction, Best Achievement in Makeup, and Best Achievement in Music Written for Motion Pictures--Original Song (Fear Factory's "Bite the Hand That Bleeds"). Not that I feel it should necessarily win all eight, but it should have a fair shake at them. There are others that I would nominate for some of those categories--including Hellboy, The Village, AVP: Alien vs. Predator, Dawn of the Dead, Kill Bill Vol. 2, Shaun of the Dead, and Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle. But you'll note that out of those, only The Village got a nod (a single nomination). It's difficult for me to take something seriously that is so far off the mark when it comes to recognizing quality films. But it's not as if a general anti-genre bias in the Academy Awards--as well as with professional critics and the self-appointed film literati--has not been noted before.James Wan and Whannell (who takes on double duty as an actor) have authored a tightly interwoven story, with a puzzle theme that draws you in like the best material of the Cube (1997) series combined with a gritty, Se7en (1995)-like serial killer police procedural. The pieces of the plot fit together precisely and unfold like a predetermined chess game. Wan and Whannell build tension gradually, despite the fact that the film comes out of the gate extremely suspenseful.Wan, who also served as director, creates a fabulously disturbing, dingy atmosphere throughout the film, bolstered by Julie Berghoff's production design, which is as inventive as the script. Part of the delightful novelty of the film is the elaborate, potentially fatal puzzles devised by the villain. Berghoff's designs for these scenarios and devices easily matches the lockstep intricacy of the plot and the ominous foreboding of the overall atmosphere. Viewers will likely cringe at vicariously envisioning themselves in the contraptions, and that's much of the point. The cinematography throughout the film is just as imaginative, easily telling a story that often depends on subtle visual cues, and reaching just the right balance of extended techniques, such as the varied film speeds during a car chase.Because so much of the film is focused on just two characters in a single, relatively sparse room, Elwes and Whannell must turn in powerhouse performances, running a gamut of emotions including vulnerable helplessness, studied hopefulness, vengeful anger and frenzied desperation. Both are excellent, with Elwes particularly remarkable. Danny Glover, as Detective David Trapp, is impressive in his transformation from a somewhat typical macho cop to an obsessive loon, perhaps on a par with the villain in his single-minded irrational commitment.The modus operandi and motivation (which serves as the theme) of the villain are intriguingly gray. The victims are often morally questionable, and can potentially benefit from their victimization. They're putatively given an out from their predicaments if they can muster the necessary wit and skill. At least on one level, the villain wants to give his victims a hard lesson and improve their lives.It should have been clear by the comparison to Cube and Se7en that Saw is not for the faint of heart (although it's not quite as gory as it could have been) or for those who want only clear messages of good and evil and happy endings. As one of 2004's best films, however, you owe it to yourself to give it a watch. Saw has achieved a rare feat in Thriller/Horror film-making in that it holds the suspense and intrigue throughout the entier film. From the opening moments (possibly the most captivating first 20 minutes of a film I've ever seen), until the end credits role, the audience is on edge, continually wondering what is going to happen next. The film centres around two men, chained to pipes, at either end of an industrial bathroom. Between them, lying face down on the floor is a body surrounded by a pool of blood. The questions of how and why these men are here are answered is a series of flashbacks throughout the film and this is where my only two real problems with the movie exist. Firstly, the first time out of the bathroom takes too long. Although the back story is interesting and necessary, I wanted to get back to the bathroom faster. The second problem I had was with the use of sped up film and rapidly changing camera angles in some of the flashback scenes. Although this technique did have an impact, after a few moments, it felt a bit 'gimicky'. The scenes in the bathroom however are masterful and the way the writers develop the plot in a setting that can seemingly go nowhere is a real credit to them. Saw is intriguing, it is imaginative, it is scary, suspenseful and wonderfully entertaining. Saw is a movie you must see at the cinema. I wish I could watch it for the first time again. So creepy and surprising. For years now i've been a fan of the horror/thriller genre but have been extremly dissapointed with any and all of the releases this genre has offered in the last half decade.  I had the great fortune of catching a screening of "SAW" recently at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival and must say it has fully restored my confidance that the ability to create a movie with the ability to make people lose sleep is still alive and well.  James Wan has done a masterful job at keeping any and all viewers on the edge of their seats from begining to end and if you're easily scared or even the slightest bit jumpy you definatly won't be able to handle "SAW"!!! Definate 10 out of 10!!! My favorite franchise of all time...
Starts out with two regular Joes stuck in a random grousome room. Movie gradually becomes exponentially more interesting as the plot unfolds, leading to (in my opinion) the most interesting serial killer of all time. One really frightening scare and phenomenal acting. I just saw this for the first time and had to write a review. I absolutely loved this movie. It is so intelligent clever and very well crafted. Great acting by all the participants and a really intricate story. Seriously why cant all movies be clever as this? Hey Hollywood you could learn a lesson from this. I just found it really disturbing and yet I couldnt take my eyes off it. So twisty and scary. Definitely checking out all the sequels now. I will probably rewatch this again in a few months. I got to see this film at a screening tonight, and had the added honor of having the filmmakers there for a Q&A to introduce and follow the movie.The acting wasn't stellar, and the movie itself was admittedly a little rough around the edges, but none of that really mattered. It was one of the most intense and disturbing movies I've ever seen. It became pretty clear why that was so during the Q&A. The filmmakers mentioned that they had been approached about just selling the script, but since they had worked so hard on it for so long, that it was their project and they were going to hold out until Wan could direct and they would maintain control over the script. And thankfully, Evolution gave them the funding and left them with creative control of the project.The result is that the whole movie has a level of internal cohesion that can only come when the project is a labor of love from concept, through development, and ultimately into production. Despite the faults of the movie, it still worked amazingly well, and had such a profound effect, because it was made by people who intimately knew every nook and cranny of the script, concept, and plot. My fear is that this movie will go the way of Blair Witch (about which I had very similar feelings.) This movie will benefit from some very well deserved positive word of mouth, but it's just too intense, and too much of a niche film to live up to the mass market's expectations. This is NOT a movie for the general movie going public. This is a movie for people who appreciate the art of film-making, and want to be scared and frightened by a challenging work. If the average popcorn muncher makes it through 45 minutes of this one, I'll be impressed. For those who go -- and I recommend it highly -- be ready for a unique experience that one can never truly be prepared for. I know this might sound very odd but my favorite character is John. Even though he finds ways to kill people he is also teaching them a certain lesson. All in all he is teaching them that no matter what you should always find ways to appreciate life and to make sure you are grateful of what you have.The one quote that means so much in this movie is: " Most people are so ungrateful to be alive but not you not anymore. Game over!" Another important quote is: " I am so sick of people who don't appreciate their blessings" To me this shows that he is very big on appreciating life and everything you have and that you should never take it for granted because some people are stuck with nothing or have a short life.I think that Adam is going to live because the whole movie was based on him because if you look at it this way the whole movie started with him in the bathtub and he wouldn't have been the one who was left alive in the end or the one who got the key in the bathtub.I really think that Saw was a great movie!! Saw in my opinion is an excellent suspense thriller/horror film. Many people pick it apart for several different reasons, and while i admit it may have it's flaws, i believe the important thing about a movie is the effect it has on you while watching it, rather than what you get when you pick apart every single little detail, and this particular film blew me away.It's somewhat of a slow builder, but that's one of the things that makes it so good. It introduces the characters and keeps you interested in what's happening to them and how they interact with each other. You feel like you're there with them the whole time throughout their ordeal, and it makes you care about the characters.Some of the scenes in this movie are truly suspenseful. One in particular will have you on the edge of your seat, not wanting to even breathe, and then even though you should be able to guess what happens at the end of the scene, it will still make you jump.other scenes will make you laugh right before throwing in something completely unexpected.and after all of the excellent, gripping build up, all hell finally breaks loose in the end, leading up to one of the best horror film endings i have ever seen.This is an exciting movie that will get your heart racing, and i gave it a 10/10. i recommend everybody who's into psychological thrillers and who don't mind a little excess blood see this film. I accidentally stumbled onto this one when I googled how to make a wooden pencil box. I wasn't disappointed Saw is one of the few horror series with an underlying philosophy. Victims of the main character, John Kramer (aka Jigsaw), wake up in the middle of a puzzle that needs to be solved within a given period of time. Solving the puzzle involves a lot of pain, and often requires a great deal of perseverance. Victims do not have the option to not play the game, because the consequence is death.For example, a man wakes up by the back wall of a dark cell. He does not remember how he got there. The space between him and the open door of the cell is covered with a dense web of barbed wire. Then, he sees a voice recorder. When he presses play, a recorded voice calls him by his name and tells him that he recently committed suicide, and that now is the time to know whether he really wanted to die that day or was just trying to attract some attention. If he really wants to die, all he needs to do is to just sit there and wait. But, if he wants to live, he has to go through the web of barbed wires. Moreover, he has to do that within two hours, because the door of the dungeon is on a timer.Putting a person to such a painful test is hard to justify. But, John relies on the assumption that "those who don't appreciate life do not deserve life" - the idea being that the gift of life is precious, and that one needs to appreciate the beauty of every moment. He thus chooses somewhat lost and unappreciative souls, and tries to make them come to the realization of that particular truth about their lives. He does this by designing a game, and putting them in it. Each game is a matter of life and death. Yet John claims that he never murdered anyone, since his test subjects always had the chance to survive.In a way, John plays God - that is, his tests involve pain, suffering, and death. There are warnings, awards and punishments. And, not playing the game is not an option.Serdar Kaya You wake up. You're in room with two other guys. One of them is dead. You are trapped to the wall by a chain on your ankle. You have no idea how you got there. Imagine that. Now imagine that getting much, much worse. And you have Saw. Saw is brilliant. It has no cheap twists or turns. No clichés, which are often unavoidable in the genre. And the whole film, as a horror flick, is a refreshing break from the plentiful jump scares that other films are so prominent in using. This film is frightening. It is gruesome. It is creepy. You never find that in horror films nowadays. Even in the sequels that follow this film, they are burdened by cheap and exhausted trends that, yes, may be frightening, but never do they leave you thinking "I didn't see that coming" or simply leave you with your jaw hanging as much as this film does. Saw also benefits from it's truly human characters. Characters that are flawed, troubled and real. Characters who move along the way with you. Instead of the classic "Don't open closet, don't open the closet" feel you get from some movies, Saw puts you there with character, totally okay with opening the closet until you realize it was an awful decision. The entire film digs at you, unsettles you, makes absolutely sure that your uneasy. It doesn't hesitate in pulling the carpet from under your feet. So many horror films make you chase them. They make you panic for answers. You are scared. Saw doesn't do this however. Saw grabs you by the ankle and drags you in until your just as captive as it's characters. You are amazed. Watching Saw alone, in the dark, late at night is how it should be watched. Otherwise you'll miss the full experience that this film proves to be. To all you horror fans out there, go watch this movie right now. To all of those who don't enjoy horror films, swallow the lump in your throat and do the same. Why do I want to write the review now on SAW ? I am not sure - almost everything that could be possibly said about it has been said. I saw this movie for the first time in 2005. I have yet to see a movie that has brought such intensity. The music, from Charlie Clouser, is just brilliant. It has that sort of dark, rough edge to it. An excellent soundtrack that keeps the heart racing as the victims running outta time. Da da daa. Da da daa was perfect for this kinda flick. Pretty low-budget and filmed in just a few days. Kudos to the makers James Wan and Leigh Whannell. Subsequent to my viewing of 'Saw', I went on to watch all 6 sequels. Unfortunately, all the other sequels weren't able to recapture the charm of the first one except for the 6th, which was decent.It has an ending that I didn't see coming at all. The best ending since Usual suspects. Many ppl will complain that Sixth sense had it but I wud difffer as Stir of echoes had similar. At least the story for Stir of echoes, appeared long before The Sixth Sense, in Richard Matheson's 1958 novel. Saw ain't no torture porn like many ppl believe. It's one of the best mystery thriller. The film stars Cary Elwes, Danny Glover, Monica Potter, Michael Emerson, Ken Leung, Tobin Bell and Leigh Whannell. OK this was one of THE BEST films I have EVER seen. First of all that it was directed by someone so young, and that it only took 18 days to film is REMARKABLE. The suspense, and tension that this film invokes in you is nothing less than PURE GENIUS! I definitely recommend this movie to anyone who has a true love for the "creepy, disturbing" type of film. This isn't your typical slasher, gory horror movie......it has a plot twist that could NEVER be guessed.....I'm talking ABSOLUTE CINEMATIC GENIUS.........give that director and screenwriter...(who, by the way, also plays Adam)......an Acadamy Award!!!!!!!! And to comment on the ones who say it is a cheap Se7en rip-off....Yes is does have shades of Se7en in it's death, (or lack thereof), scenes but to compare this film to Se7en....is an understatement. Don't get me wrong until I saw "Saw".....lol.....Se7en was one of my favorite films. If only more production studios would take a note of this film and start producing more like it for all us die hard chiller fans!! But even if they don't, the long wait between creepy films like these is definitely worth the wait if they all end up being like this one. A+++++++++ The ending by itself with that twist plus great acting and music makes this movie the best thriller/horror film of all time. This movie is fantastic and exciting. Despite the film's name, "saw". It's not very gory unlike it's sequels. For some viewers, it may not be scary at all, but it's the thought and idea that makes it scary. The film revolves around different places around different times and all comes together in a conclusion. You could be wandering why a character is doing certain actions until it is revealed later. These "twists" are well thought through and well explained.The film is very unique, as it's a new generation of horror. Saw started a lot of new horror movies like The Cube and Amusement. Instead of having a killer going around killing people violently or a "demon/ghost is possessing something" kind of movie, Saw is none of those things because it's different. People are in situations where they can make all sorts of choices to survive, or achieve a certain goal like saving another ones life. The killer in the movie doesn't attack victims, but tests them based on their weaknesses and sins. All these things make the writing really good.The film also has one of the greatest plot twists I've ever witnessed. You will be shocked and have goosebumps when you see it.This is a must watch, even if your not a fan of horror, this film is completely fresh and original and I suggest it to everyone. In the recent years, the horror movies have evolved and finally stopped trying to "scare" the audience. No matter how gory, loud or jumpy a movie is, it is almost impossible to scare an intellectual scary movie enthusiast with clown dolls or simple ghost stories, because he's just seen tens of them. Because of this fact, the new generation of horror movies entertain the viewer with either the element of "surprise & shock" (like "Identity", "Others") or "beautiful shooting & fx" (like "Dawn of the Dead", "28 Days Later"). "SAW" uses the "surprise" element, and does it all the way to make me say "Holy CRAP!" out loud. The plot is beautifully written, makes you more curious by each second that passes by, and fully satisfies the horror-lover in the end. Furthermore it does all these with a budget of 1 million dollars and an inexperienced director! Indeed there will probably be wannabe intellectual people who will try to find flaws in it or tell they don't like it, just to create controversy and to look different. Other than that, I can't imagine any horror/thriller lover dislike this movie. I must admit i've read a lot of the other reviews for this movie and i see a lot of people knocking it? I don't know how, if you have seen this movie and knock it, your an idiot, because i can guarantee you that when you were in the theatre you were scared shitless. I think this movie is an amazing achievement. Everything is intricated and done with an intensity i haven't seen in a film ever. This film is no doubt a 10. Scary, fascinating, morbid, and it all ties into a higher reason. An excellent movie, a DEFINENT must see. Critics and people knocking it are really just trying to hard to be critics instead of enjoying an amazing movie that i rate in the horror/thriller section as the scariest, most well done movie i've ever viewed. For you critics knocking it and doing your best to pick apart and trash it, you suck d*ck. The reputation of the "Saw" franchise has ebbed and flowed over the years, sometimes declining thanks to an endless stream of sequels. While these subsequent installments became increasingly centered on the series' signature death traps and eventually became big-budget gore films, it's easy to forget that the original "Saw" was a much different case. Having more in common with "Seven" than "Hostel", this film stands as one of the best horror films of the 2000's decade. While the modus operandi of antagonist "Jigsaw" remains the same, this first installment is much more concerned with plot and suspense than buckets of blood. That's not to saw that it doesn't have it's grisly moments, but they aren't the main focus of the film. Instead, director James Wan and screenwriter Leigh Whannell seek to combine the serial killer-thriller and horror genres, and do so to wonderful effect.The plot here is much more complex than one may expect, filled with genuinely surprising twists and turns. The way the story unravels is methodical, but the moments of gore and intensity are spread out perfectly, so that the film never lulls or becomes boring. For the majority of it's run-time, the main narrative is confined to one room, but through flashbacks and recollection of the events leading to that moment, it weaves an unpredictable storyline and never feels restricted. The cast is mostly good as well. Cary Elwes may be a bit stilted, but his natural charm and confidence shines through, and his performance becomes quite intense by the denouement. Meanwhile, Whannell not only writes, but stars in the film, and gives a solid turn as well. Though his screen-time is lesser here, Tobin Bell is also brilliant as "Jigsaw". Even just his voice is more chilling and iconic than words can describe. He truly inhabits the role.But the real sucker-punch comes from the film's ending shot, and final, incredible twist. It's a moment that one never forgets the feeling of experiencing for the first time. Everything comes together. The twisting plot, the well-rounded characterization, brutality of the horror aspects, the emotional impact and chilling philosophical implications. All of this tempered by Wan's surprisingly stylish and mature direction. The film has an atmospheric look, despite being shot on such a low-budget. It builds a world of shadowy city streets and gloomily-colored industrial locations. This is a horror film that truly has it all. Suspense, gore, an astonishing amount of humanity, and a clever script to boot. Jigsaw has become an icon for a reason, and at the end of the day, despite continuing sequels, this film remains that reason. A true masterpiece of it's genre. 