I'm the one who found this film boring and nonsense,nice...I finally watched the hottest film, Isle of Dogs. And it made me confused and even so mad. Well, the film could be seen nicely directed with exotic images, if you don't have any background knowledge about imperialism period of the country, Japan.Although the movie explained its time setting as the future, it obviously borrowed the images from Japan in the imperialism and colonial period such as costumes, hair style, how the government controls the people and how they were controlled. And from the point of view as a Korean, a person from the colonial victim country, it's not just about the cute dogs.There is an isle called Gunkanjima which was called 'Isle of jail' by Korean people near a city of Japan, 'Nagasaki', just as there is the isle of dogs near a virtual city in the movie, 'Megasaki'. From 1940 to 1945, approximately 800 of Korean people were drafted into the coal mine which was filled with high temperature poisonous gas above 50C for compulsory labour. They were literally treated like 'dogs'. And 122 of them passed away in the 'isle of jail'. Moreover, Japanese government didn't inform most of the deaths even to their families.If you still can't understand why I feel so mad, I can explain it more easily by metaphor. Just imagine there's a movie which German people in the Nazis period style appear in, and they commit 'Dogs' to an isolated isle. It can't but remind of 'the place' where all we know.Freedom of expression should not be respected always but only when with responsibility. If Wes Anderson just picked the country and the city because it's his favorite as he said, he should have known enough and well. And I would blame on his ignorance. However, if not, I am really wondering what he wanted to say through the film.I am reading through reviews and have no idea how people think this movie was worth watching. Luckily I have movie pass so this pile of excrement didn't get my money, or I'd have asked for it back from the box office. The movie is tediously slow with below average imagery and poor writing. You know exactly how the movie is going to go, and just don't care about it the whole time. I couldn't sit still in the theatre because all I wanted to do was leave, which half the theatre did already by the end of the movie so it wasn't just me. Please don't do a sequel.Let me make one thing clear, at the beginning of the film is narrated a Japanese legend about a samurai who has helped a bunch of dogs in the past. Yes the hero of this story is not the little Atari Kobayashi, but the white American student with Afro hair, named Tracy Walker. Of course you could not make a movie with American money, without appearing certain mannerisms or mechanisms. The dumbest minds will say that it is to lure people to the box office, but why the Japanese people, who are hustling in the history of this movie are idiots who can not communicate without screaming, and schizophrenics that can not socialize with other individuals from other countries. The clearest example is when Tracy Walker tries to "pull" a information from a japanese scientist over a sore to heal dogs. Seriously, Hollywood, why the filmmakers do not try to first change their mentality, before writing these scripts for these films.Yes, this movie has the same stereotype ideas about Japanese people that Hollywood thinks that is true, but I doubt many Hollywood guys had left their jobs or homes to live in Japan, and they would see a totally different life and people.Not to mention that the story of the film is totally chiché and predictable, despite the excellent animation (stop animation animated movie) out of ordinary. But good animation is not enough to save a movie. A good script, story and characters are the main reason, because when the animation effect passed away (the Wow reaction of the audience), it is the story that stays in the memory.The Wow effect on the audience due to the excellent animation only lasts the first 10 minutes of the movie, after this the audience becomes more interested about the story and characters rather the beautiful animation. The most important thing is how the story of the movie is told, not in what way it is told (special effects, animation or music, etc...).Oh my god it was boring! Where did all these people who gave it 8, 9 or 10 stars come from? I almost fell asleep in it! The story moved so slowly, was uninteresting and completely predictable. I thought it was going to be a cute film about dogs, it wasn't. NOT RECOMMENDED!!!First of all, I must admit I thought this movie was boringly slow paced (as most of Wes Anderson's movies), so I didn't pay attention to all the details in the movie, so there might be some stuff wrong with my review, but since I didn't see other people exposing the plot as well as could be done, I felt obligated to do so.
Cat lover and dog hater mayor makes gets a pharmaceutical company to create a dog disease (this is only exposed much later in the movie).
Even though there's a scientist politician who tells people that they can create a cure for the dogs, the Mayor gets people to hate dogs and makes a law that bans them to an island that serves as a trash dump.
A rich boy had a loyal bionic super intelligent bodyguard dog (btw all the dogs in this movie have human level or higher intelligence), and he goes to the island to save his dog.
His dog was dead, but he had brothers. The boy fights against Mayor agents and robot dogs who want to get rid of (kill) the boy, and keep the dogs in the isle.
In the continent (outside the island), the scientist politician finds the cure for the dog disease and gets killed for it by the Mayor's group.
Also, the Mayor tells the world that the rich boy has died.
An exchange student from the U.S.A. has a hunch that this banning of dogs is because of a conspiracy done by the mayor, and he leads a group of japanese kids to help him. And after finding out that the politician/ scientist was killed he goes to another of the Mayor's speeches and exposes him.
When the Mayor is telling that the exchange boy has lied, and is going to get deported, the rich boy who made a raft and got a lot of the dogs to the continent appears and helps expose the villany of the Mayor, by proving that the rich boy is alive and that the cure works on dogs.
At that point the Mayor decides to expose himself as honorless, and turns good, and tries to stop another of his evil minions from pressing a button that will exterminate dogs on the island.
The evil minion presses anyway, but instead of that killing the dogs, it kills the evil minions.
Then dogs join human society again.
There are so many plot holes in this story, deus ex machina moments, terrible personality developments, as well as bad analogies to actual events that you can clearly see that they thought of the esthetics first, and the content later to fill in gaps.I love directors bringing their vision and actually use the movie media as an artform. These directors Is a rarity today and I'm glad everytime something different Is made.
 As a movie lover all my life Ive seen every amazing move I can lay my hands on. But art Is In the eye of the beholder, each and every one have different tastes. I can appriciate the work behind Isle Of dogs. But that's where It stops.
The movie Itself Is a slog to sit through, I lost interest several times, I didn't find It funny, gripping, or any emotions whatsoever throughout.
It plays on the now very familiar Wes tropes. dogs walk to the left, dogs walk to the right. panorama from air etc. says something boring and that walks some more. I Just find the storytelling very uncompelling. It's just a mishmash that plays out as slapstick. dogs fighting robot dogs, boy got another metalpiece in brain.. wow, It's like how people love to praise Tarantino.. Also a director that makes the same boring movies over and over with only top grade actors. And.. you see why the movies then become a kind of what you expect, fanservice.
It plays out in whatever fashion It wants. We all know even from the first minute the dogs are gonna make It. So the tention Is gone, Then again.. It's a movie about dogs.. 
There's countless of stopmotion, puppetry, claymation and anime movies that really pull on the heartstrings or make you care for the characters displayed onscreen, or even make you cry, or being astounded with how beautifully crafted they are.. But Isle of dogs did nothing for me even If I love the japanese food culture and their customs.. It just doesnt work here.
I don't hate on Wes, I really love his earlier movies, But this wasn't my thing. I can't see what the raving reviews are all about. I watched It and I'm not gonna watch it twice. everI have to go against all of the voices who are praising this film. I found the film relied way too much on stereotypical jokes. It wasn't at all respectful to the Japanese and it definitely wasn't an homage to anything related to that culture. Haiku jokes, samurai references everywhere, people dressing and acting like they're from WW2 imperial Japan, sumo wrestlers, the list goes on. When someone speaks Japanese, because they're using yelling talk without any subtitles, and that's supposed to be 'funny'.
Most of the jokes in the movie would not work if it was set in, say, the US. 
And if this backward looking Japanese city set in the future was so Japanese centric (no english signs anywhere), why are their dogs named 'Spots', 'Chief', 'King'?!
Some earlier reviews have complained that the movie was 'whitewashing', by placing the english-speaking actors names at the top, and the japanese at the bottom. I don't find that offensive, since it is a hollywood movie, and the voices are of well-known hollywood actors. It doesn't make sense to put a lesser known actor at the top, regardless of their ethnic background.
It's just a shame that culturally-specific jokes are still acceptable today. Come on, Hollywood, I thought you were supposed to be progressive, and all this metoo stuff. I'm just thankful they didn't have a godzilla or a scene of harakiri in the movie.
Unfortunately, I can't really comment much on the story itself. Was it interesting? Not really. Were the characters enjoyable? They were okay. But overall, the stereotypes depicting the Japanese culture and people ruined the enjoyment of the film.Write movies about your own Country guys. Featuring an all-star cast of Japanese leftists hidden among baka American megastars, Isle of Dogs proves you can make puppets do anything no matter how venal. Waste of time seeing it.I've been a Wes Andersen fan for a while. You have to admit that he has some classics and has been known for killing a lot of dogs in his film - which I've always been on board with. I thought Wes was in our camp but then when I heard the title of his next film I was surprised. All of the portrayals of his cats in this film are depicted as villains and stereotypes while the dogs all have fully fledged characters. I could barely sit through this film and was between the theatre and the litterbox the whole time. Too long, boring, and offensively bad. At it's base I think that it's anti-cat and culturally insensitive.