One of the worst films I have ever seen. Every single scene was flawed and had errors. From beginning to end the movie had mistake after mistake. Now most movies have one or two mistakes and you just over look it but when it happens in every scene of the movie, you can't just wave it to one side.For example, when Bond leaves the London underground and starts running to save M. Here we have TWO errors. Firstly, M does not do MP's committee meetings and secondly, why does Bond run half way across London to get to her? Why not stop one of the police officer's to either drive him or to give him the car? There are so many errors, like I already said in EVERY single scene of the movie.Few others that I still remember are such as the opening scene, why does Eve who just mistakenly shot Bond with an automatic rifle not then open fire on the bad guy? How did Bond even survive such a drop? How did he end up in the arms of a beautiful woman on a beach? How did Eve even miss shooting him jumping on the train earlier? Why did the bad guy who had an automatic pistol and had Bond pinned down behind a wooden market stall decide to jump on a motorbike rather than to kill him? Why did the police bikers even drive straight towards a man firing a weapon? How did Eve even turn up with a vehicle just as Bond left the building? So many errors and so many gaps and that's just the first 8 minutes! I can go on and on and on. EVERY scene had massive errors, Even the Aston Martin DB5 scene, how comes Bond has it? Why would he even run away with M and get her killed? Are the SAS on strike? How did Bond leave the casino in Macau after killing 3 bodyguards? Does a large casino only have 3 security guards? Why even would they fight? Surely they would have just shot him as soon as he enters the casino? Javier Bardem's baddie character was ridiculous and comical. It was totally unbelievable, even an 8 year old wouldn't believe the storyline. Poor acting and the camp/gay innuendos were painful to watch. I couldn't believe what I was watching.This was an appalling movie. It relied on Judi Dench to hold it all together. Sadly I am not able to give it a 0 so I will give it 1/10. No action in the movie what so ever after the opening scene. Two men hugging on top of a train has been done so many times. Pathetic movie and the only people who will enjoy this are the brain dead. Shame on critics who were saying this was the best Bond movie ever, you should be ashamed of yourselves.I used to like Daniel Craig as Bond but thanks to this movie I now dislike him too. Well done to Sam Mendes and Co, it takes a certain amount of talent or the lack of it to single handedly destroy Bond. The hero in this movie was the final credits, the real baddie in this movie was the man behind the camera.There are so many things wrong with this movie. Most of the elements of a good Bond movie aren't there.The locations aren't well used. The Istanbul roof top & Bazaar chase has already been shown in "Taken 2" and the TV show "Missing". Dejavu. The way they showed 'Shanghai' and 'Macau' at night it could have been filmed anywhere. The Scottish countryside shown was so grim.Where are the cars and gadgets? Nothing but the old Aston Martin. Just that pistol and tracker. The new Q is so ineffective. The villain played by Javier Bardem. He is more comical than sinister. With the blond fright wig, the campy overtures and the most frightening of all, the dentures this must the most absurd bad guy in Bond history.The climax feels cheap and conventional. They must have run out of money for the second half. Such a stupid idea to bring M to that run down Scottish house. With the home made defences and geriatric defenders, it felt like Home Alone meets the Golden Girls. Might as well have asked Betty White or grandma to join in. The new Bond girl Berenice Marlohe is exotic and fascinating to look at. But why only one? Writing her out of the show so early and not having another was a mistake. The Bond girl is supposed to end up saved by Bond with a hook up at the end. Unless you consider M a Bond girl.The focus of the movie is M. Judi Dench was always too provincial looking for MI6. The only good thing about this movie is that Ralph Fiennes is replacing her. Finally. There was no need to dedicate a whole movie to her farewell. Daniel Craig is just so haggard he looks worse than the villain. It's time to replace him with someone younger and handsomer. Baffled by the good reviews. Be warned we are being short changed.Like thousands of others I am a Bond fan and although we all have differing views on what Bond should be, we all expect a good Bond movie to be an escape from our day to day lives. A glamorous life full of suspense and intrigue. Skyfall has no suspense, intrigue or glamour (save for Berenice) and as such is not escapism and not a 'Bond film'. Casino Royale was a Bond film and a very good one at that, so this mess isn't Craig's fault.Like others I also saw terrible sets especially Skyfall Lodge which looked like something from a sixties TV series, crossroads or it's a knockout!Also I noticed clear as day Craig's stuntman on several occasions, completely ruining for me the roof top motorbike chase. Continuity errors all over the place not worthy of a Bond film from any era.Q was miscast and his specs were embarrassing, all wrong wrong wrong.The new Moneypenny should never sleep with Bond and Naomie Harris cannot act to save herself.Berenice Marlohe is amazing, an incredible actress and totally stunning. My one point out of ten is all for her!Another weird thing about this Bond.....nobody mentions 'Britain' only 'England' - is this a future proofed Bond ready for Scottish independence?! England is mentioned several time but not Britain anymore even though we saw union jacks but no George flag. A small point to some but a major puzzle to some, what is this all about?Never ever did I have all these concerns watching a Bourne movie or even the brilliant TV series Homeland, in these productions you never stop to think 'this isn't real' because it is all done so well that you just get wrapped up in it all. Not so this film for me, so so many errors that I couldn't wait to get out of the cinema. Above all this film bored me and depressed me, something I have never said about any Bond film before, not even Q of Solace.The real puzzle for me is who likes it? My straw poll of 11 people has brought up 8 who disliked it and felt tricked, with the rest not bothered either way so how come all the hype? How come all the glowing professional reviews? It's almost 'the king has no clothes' situation isn't it? Or maybe all the pro UK stuff in our Olympic year of celebration has made everyone lose their objectiveness.Either way I have yet to meet anyone who thought this was a great movie.Let's be honest here, most Bond movies are tongue-in-cheek and pretty stupid and that's part of it's appeal. It's a fantasy world of beautiful women, gadgets, real stunts and cheesy one-liners but this so called "Real Bond" doesn't work for me. Were Pierce Brosnan, Roger Moore and Sean Connery cyborg robots? I must have missed something.Bond movies have their own style and special formula with the usual ingredients, similar to a Big Mac. In fact, others have made a very good living copying Bond, from Austin Powers, Johnny English, Spy Hard, Ispy and many more. But how do you copy this movie? It was like watching a straight-to-DVD Steven Seagal movie. Dare I even say worse than a Seagal movie.Now most 'professional' film critics will say this is the 'best Bond movie ever' so that they can kiss butt to get more free tickets and invites to premieres, none of them are going to be honest. So as an average movie goer who has to pay to see the film I expect my money's worth. This movie was like paying for a Big Mac but just getting the bun and nothing in the middle.Skyfall (or as I not-so-cleverly renamed it Skyfail) was boring from the beginning to the near end, only part I enjoyed was Bond in the very end. The cold and bleak landscape of Scotland was perfect for Bond. Unfortunately, the other characters at the end bored me. The baddie arrives in a military type helicopter with John Lee Hooker's Boom Boom blasted out from a speaker which was brilliant but where did he get it from? Surely they aren't available on ebay, are they? Most people will say they enjoyed the opening scene which in time they will probably realise was pretty awful and rather boring. An Audi slides on its side a few yards and somehow re-rights itself. With just a minor scratch on it, this is the 'action scene'. My teenager son causes more damage to his car on a Friday night. The Bikes even drive pass the same place twice which is unforgivable in any movie.The Bond girls in Casino Royale (Eva Green and Caterina Murino) were gorgeous by anyone's standards but since then the Bond girls have been rather rough looking.You don't get your money's worth in this movie nor do you see anything new. All you get is a director who thinks he knows best how to make a Bond movie and that the tried and tested formula is somehow wrong. We live in a tech world, the information age, but somehow Bond who has always been ahead in the tech department has now been left behind. He seems more interested in drinking and gambling than saving the world with a toaster that can turn into a 'Little Nellie'Oh, how i miss you 007!As a child, growing up with Bond I had the toys, The sleek silver DB5 with the ejector seat and the white Lotus that was a necessity come bath time. What do the kids now have from Bond I wonder? Gambling chips? Or some video game which is more violent than the movie?It would have been nice to see a Bond movie on its 50th anniversary going all out with major action sequences as you would expect in an action movie such as Mission Impossible, Bourne or even a Terminator movie. Instead we are spoon fed a "Downton Abbey" version of Bond, we definitely had the cast all that was missing were the costumes.The cast: Daniel Craig and his potato-field-like face looked more like Bond in this movie than the previous two. Javier Bardem was a let down and looked like a 70s porn director. Judi Dench gets to swear again, somehow they think it's cool to have an acclaimed actor swearing. Ralph Fiennes thought this was a WWII movie, all that was missing was his German SS costume, Naomie Harris has no real input, she's just chucked in to the grinder to appeal to a wider audience. Berenice Marlohe was somehow weaved into the story to let Bond order a drink and have sex, Albert Finney plays a Scot as bad as I would, Ola Rapace gets his part thanks to his real life wife and Ben Whishaw tries hard to play a geek with the usual geeky stereotype but ends up releasing the villain from his fish tank. Believe it or not but Q used to be intelligent... that's how he got a job at the Military Intelligence Department.In my opinion, a Bond movie should look and feel like a... dare I say it,... a Bond movie. This was sadly a poor scripted, a poor acted and a poor attempt at making an action movie. In time this movie will go down as the worst Bond movie but right now the hype around it is causing a smoke screen. (That's how Bond saves M. Somehow the baddie shoots a few rounds at M and then out of nowhere decides to leave after going to all that trouble in finding her!). Albert Broccoli and Ian Fleming must be turning in their graves. It took 50 years for some sorry excuse of a director who thinks he's an artist of some sort to ruin it. Very sad time for Bond fans. A disappointment as a Bond movie or even a stand alone movie.I give it a 1 for the helicopter scene and thank you Mr Hooker for waking me up.Don't try to reinvent the Big Mac by taking the meat out of it.I have been a James Bond fan for years, but this movie was just badly bolted together. Why?1. How did Eve, who was chasing the train in the truck and barely keeping up, suddenly get two or three minutes ahead of the train in time to set up for when it emerged from the tunnel? The timing simply doesn't work. 2. M orders Eve to "take the shot" three times. Bond heard them, and Eve's complaint that the shot wasn't clean. So why didn't Bond simply drop to the roof of the car and let her have the shot? If she missed, he could easily resume his fight in the next tunnel. 3. Why didn't Eve take a second shot at the henchman on the roof of the train after she shot Bond? The henchman had enough time to turn to her and all but wave a 'thank you', yet she didn't bother. 4. Bond survives the fall from the train how exactly? He is on the roof of a train moving at approximately 40mph when he is shot, catapulted backward, and falls hundreds of feet into a river. Because he is unconscious, he can not enter the water at a safe angle, and should have been killed. As if this isn't bad enough, the unconscious Bond is then swept over a high waterfall. The title sequences explain nothing of his escape, and when they end, Bond is in a hut on the beach bedding some girl. Not explaining his survival is a critical error which borders on ludicrous, yet somehow the audience is meant to take it all seriously. 5. It is clear that Eve is a poor field agent. Later, Bond suggests that she simply doesn't belong in the field. However, this raises the question: how did she acquire field agent status to begin with? 6. Bond always attempts to keep collateral damage amongst civilians to a minimum, and protects the defenseless. However in this film, he allows the villains to do their dirty work before he intervenes. 7. To this Bond, as developed in the last two films, women quickly became anything but 'disposable pleasures'. The death of Vesper Lynd in Casino Royale was a terrific trauma; when Ms. Fields is killed in Quantum, he is again visibly angry. However, in Skyfall Bond not only makes no attempt to save Sévérine (not even attempting to fight the henchmen to provide a distraction until the backup he knows is en route arrives), but he shows absolutely no glimmer of distress over her death. In fact, his first response is a fast, and badly delivered, quip about it being a 'waste of good Scotch.' 8. Silva had tried to take his own life by a hydrogen cyanide pill. Instead of killing him, he merely felt a burning sensation and had most of his teeth and jaw fell off. Such 'suicide pills' kill; they do not merely give one a little heartburn and bad teeth. 9. What was the point of Silva setting up his own arrest? Ostensibly, it is so that he can talk to M one last time. But why not just travel to London, abduct M from the hearing, and talk to her before doing her in? 10. If Q was good enough to have invented the security on Silva's computer, how was it that he was unable to stop it from freeing Silva? 11. How did Silva know that within just a few seconds of the blast an empty train would be coming through to conveniently fall on and crush Bond, allowing him to escape? 12. The 1964 Aston Martin made its triumphant return in this film, but unfortunately it did so in a way that created continuity errors and glaring reboot issues. It is not a 'company car,' so it must be the same Aston Martin that Bond won from Dimitrios playing cards in Casino Royale. However, it has all of the Q-branch add-ons from Goldfinger If this had been Dimitrios' car, why did it have the Goldfinger configuration from Q Branch? This thoroughly wrecked the film's continuity with the reboot. 13. What was the purpose of taking M to Skyfall? In the film, it is openly suggested that the plan is a trap to catch Silva, with M serving as the bait. However, if it is a trap, one would expect Bond to create a scenario where they would have a significant advantage. It is poorly explained why he doesn't want backup (he depended on them for extraction from Silva's island); he also takes no weaponry with them. Instead, the unlikely trio is forced to create a "Home Alone" style defense of Skyfall which is doomed to failure before it even begins 14. Why did the monk's tunnel lead, not all the way to the chapel, but into the middle of the moor? A half-tunnel is barely worth the effort to build. 15. When M and Kincade enter the tunnel to leave the house, Kincade closes and locks the door from the other side. Yet, when Bond decides to leave, he has no difficulty simply opening the door. 16. Why would M and Kincade, while secretly fleeing the attack through the moor in the middle of the night, use a flashlight to illuminate their path? This could only be a dead giveaway of their position to Silva and his henchmen. Why not just pull out a Las Vegas-style neon sign and have M cry out from the moor: "Oh, Silva, come and get us!" 17. Silva's death scene was preposterous, and very nearly Monty Python-esque. Bond stabs Silva in mid-back with a blade; it would have severed the spinal cord, causing instant paralysis before death. Yet Silva bizarrely laughs and staggers toward Bond. 18. There were many continuity mistakes introduced into the film through sloppy editing (such as M's handbag in Mallory's office).Very badly done film.I saw skyfall today and found it to very boring and predictable.The movie theme was not like a bond movie at all but a typical revenge drama. Didn't the bond team learn anything from the quantum of solace?The movie was so predictable1. The guy would have planned his capture just to get inside the HQ.2. Bond cuts out a bullet (terminator style) from his body and they immediately narrow down 3 people in the world who use such bullets and first one on the computer screen is the culprit. Too luckily for MI6, the Americans already know that he is in Shanghai in next 2 days. Whoa!!!!3. That old puts a knife on the table and says sometimes old fashioned things work the best (and that time everyone knows that the bad guy would get the chop from the knife)4. 20 trained assassins with machine guns and a military helicopter cannot kill a old woman, and old man, and bond armed with 50 year old double barrel gun.5. Villains always waste time blabbering nonsense (like you need to relax and take a breath) when they capture bond ... Giving him to escape.Overall a very pointless and very bad movie which lives upto all the clichés of a bond movie making it highly predictable and boring.This is right up there with Mortal Kombat 2 and 2012 as the worst movies I've sat through in the theater. Nothing made sense and they insulted your intelligence time and time and time again.Spoilers Ahead.The first hour was actually pretty interesting - albeit bizarre. That Bond survived the fall without any explanation was odd but hey, I can live with one miracle resurrection - it's a Bond movie. The sequence in Shanghai was also pretty well done and the silhouette fight was great cinematography - but again - Bond lets the bad guy shoot his target? But who's the target? And if he wanted to trail him to know who he was working for - why would he kill him? But OK, he finds a clue and goes to Macau, where he redeems a chip that obviously isn't for him. So, instead of being interrogated by the Casino staff/thugs - a woman comes up to him and more or less gives up her boss, with her handlers a few feet away. What? OK so then there's an obligatory fight in a kimodo dragon pit, which is short but fun, and then off to Japan's battleship island to meet...possibly the most inconsistently motivated villain of all time.Silva's entrance is menacing, the story about the rats in the barrel is sinister, and he's flamboyant enough to say 'this guy creeps me out'. But he reveals nothing about his operation, and this is the start of where his motivation just dissolves.The first part of the movie is about an agent list and hurting MI6. We learn on the island that he was somehow hurt/betrayed by MI6 and that he wants to share his revenge with Bond, who also, in a very roundabout way, was also betrayed (said he was up to field service when he failed all the tests). Bond of course rejects this offer, and then after a brief fight, has an army come rescue him - because of a radio transmitter. Really? No one searched him before getting on the island? It was in his coat pocket! But OK, we're then learn that M gave Silva up to get some of her agents in return, which really upset Silva. So Silva breaks out of prison in one of the most ludicrous scenes imaginable, and this is where it all starts to go pear shaped.Silva reverse hacks MI6, and he wanted to get captured. Ultimately, he breaks out with armed guards surrounding him with no explanation how that happened. Then he goes through the tunnels of London...to arrive at a tube station with some handguns, and eventually crash a parliamentary meeting and shoot M in the face. But wait - he clearly had a bomb - he blew up a tube line. OK, he wanted her death to be up close and personal. Why not back at MI6? He clearly didn't need to be captured by MI6 to get to the station, and he'd proved earlier that he could hack their most secure networks and gain access. Why not walk right through the front door and put a bullet in her face? But then Bond saves the day and they go off to the Scottish highlands (a nod to Connery being a Scot) to hide/lay a trap. Except - MI6 knows where he's going. Why isn't there an army waiting for Silva when he gets there? Oh but wait, the motivation changes continue! During the house fight scene, Silva's henchmen (and there's NO explanation as to where these guys come from) shoot at M, even hitting her. So, she's either not supposed to be taken alive or Silva's men are idiots. But it gets better! Silva then shows up IN A HELICOPTER. Why? To blow up the house with a 20mm cannon! So, when Silva had ample opportunity to use a bomb, he didn't - he wanted her to know it was him who killed her. Now, he's spraying a house with cannon fire with no idea who or what he's shooting at. So now his motivation is he wants her dead at all costs. In that case, why not bring a few RPGs? or a missile? After all, they did just commandeer a MILITARY HELICOPTER! Of course, Bond survives the house being turned into swiss cheese, blows it up with two sticks of dynamite and compressed propane, and then runs off into the wilderness to save M - but before he does, he gets into one last night and plunges into FROZEN WATER, has a fight underwater for what seemed like a few minutes, then somehow gets out of the water, shrugs off hypothermia with again, NO EXPLANATION, to find Silva confronting M.By now, Silva wants M to help him commit suicide. WHAT? Since when did he have a death wish? Why? Cause he tried to kill himself when he was being tortured and it failed? What's his motivation? Didn't he just try to turn her into Ragu with a 20mm cannon not 10 minutes earlier? Now he wants to die by her hands? And we're supposed to believe this? No. Sorry, but I can only have my intelligence insulted so often. Bond surviving death multiple times with no explanation is insulting. Having Silva's motivation change THREE TIMES is insulting. Having MI6 look like the Keystone Cops is insulting. Foreshadowing EVERY SINGLE TWIST/ELEMENT is insulting. Please, if you don't want your intelligence insulted, DO NOT see this movie.This film effectively kills off the character we all know and love. The plot is shot full of holes, the villain a camp idiot, no Bond girls to speak of, unless sex slaves are your thing (truly vile of Craig not to have objected to that storyline), pointless and seriously unfunny dialogue, unriveting action scenes most of which we've seen done better elsewhere, and telegraphing of practically every prop placement. Oh, wait, there's more: an awful and forgettable Bond film song sung by that large, breathy lady who fudges the top notes and has merely rehashed Goldfinger. And a limp ending. To be fair I liked the opening credits (minus the song) and I thought Bérénice Marlohe acted well, and Ralph Fiennes enunciates well. The shots of London were OK and the skyscraper neon dazzled - even if the plot at that point fell apart faster than the shot glass. I wanted to like this film. I wanted to give the mumbling Craig one last chance, but he just isn't Bond, so what do they do? They write a blancmange Bond so Craig will fit right in. Meanwhile we are left holding ticket stubs asking what was THAT all about? It was about a lot of things that had nothing to do with our James. Almost everything that kept the franchise going for 50 years has been interfered or radically dispensed with on purpose! No gadgets, no credible Bond car (they destroy the iconic one - unsubtle flagging of what they are doing to our Bond?). Moneypenny is now black and totes a gun (I kid you not - how do they explain away her colour? But worse, she is (it's all so wrong!) attractive and (sob) beds Bond - words fail.) Dench's M is, as usual, flat and unconvincing but at least she's out of the next films - a good career move, one that Craig should take. Q is a horrible little boy you can't possibly believe a hacker even if you accept the stupidity of casting Q as one...and with big black glasses? Come on...Maybe Bond should always stay in the 60s, 70s. I mean you don't update Hercule Poirot and have him ponce about in the 21st century. I think they should just stop the Bond farce right now. It can and will only get worse.Agreed, this movie missed the mark....again! I just don't understand how you can screw up a Bond film, especially when you have 20+ others to go off of. This movie shouldn't even be called a Bond film...but instead, it's a Daniel Craig action film, absent the basic ingredient that has made the Bond Character an enormous franchise over the past 50 years..."An International Man of Mystery".If you can't walk out of a Bond film saying: Every man wants to be him, and every woman want to be with him...then take the Bond label off of the movie and call it something else! This film lacks all of the traditional ingredients that make Bond, 007: It doesn't have witty one liners, it barely had any Bond theme music or sound snippets, it doesn't depict 007 as a womanizer, it doesn't have any cool Super Spy Gadgets, and it doesn't even show the cold open animated graphic of 007 walking in to the screen (through the Gun Barrel of his enemy), turning, and shooting, etc, etc...Barbara Broccoli, I once watched an interview where you noted that you're father did not want the Bond Franchise sold to any of the big studios, in fear that they would change the successful recipe that made Bond such a successful over the past 50 years. Well...at this stage, after producing 3 Bond films in a row that resemble all of the other "Spy Want-a-be" movies out there, you might as well...because they couldn't possibly mess it up any more than you already have. I could go on and on, but this review is boring me almost as much as the movie did.1 Star! ...and that's being generous.This contains spoilers.I have never before wrote a comment on IMDb.com. But after seeing the high rating of this complete insult of a classic character called James Bond i had to say something. Let me start by saying this movie have taken plots from like 10 different movies. Involving Bourne, Batman, Die Hard, Swordfish, Charlie's Angels Mission Impossible and more. Stolen agents list villains getting caught intentionally and a bunch of other stuff you seen in so many movies. Its Bond in a midlife crisis with everyone doubting him.The Bond chick dies rather quick and seems terrified of the bad guy in this movie. Why? who knows. Never really no explanation there is no explanation to the bad guy Silva at all. He is just a bad ass former agent from M's days in Hong Kong who she sold out and is know out to get M. He has these super hacking skills which are not explained neither. He is just hacking the hell out of MI6. And of course a very obvious Moneypenny made an entrance and she is black not that its a problem it's just that it screams affirmative action I'm half black by the way. Then you have a washed up Bond?? When was Bond ever washed up ever? Crying over M who gave the clearance to take a shot with Bonds life at stake she didn't seem to care very much. You have a young Q coming in and say we don't use gadgets no more. The gadgets are a part of James Bond it spiced the movies. The movie all trough was a disaster it was bad from beginning to end. This was even worse then Quantum Solace. You know i wouldn't have mind the bad plot if i had gotten some comic release or some proper James Bond moments. There were none. Where are the sarcastic comments the witty comebacks to women at cocktail parties?? James Bond is truly dead after this. i remember the golden ages of Connery and Moore. One scene when Bond was caught by a women i recall and, she went i got you now mister Bond, Connery responded well enjoy yourself. Comments like that made me love Bond. There was never no super effects or nasty close combats. He was a spy with a gun who dressed act and looked as a gentleman. Not like this brute who runs around beating people like a Van Damme movie is very emotional and don't seem to be very good with the women at all. Which makes me think why does he get these women?? And oh lets not forget running around half the movie with his shirt off. Don't know how many looking in the mirror without a shirt on scenes this movie had.Anyways i hope they stop making Bond or first get a new Bond and a better plot.