David Fincher's adaptation of the Stieg Larsson novel is an embarrassment. Fincher manages to reveal all the wrong details at all the wrong moments, effectively destroying any mystery or suspense to the story of the missing girl. Which, despite being the center of the book, is merely glossed over and instead we get unnecessarily graphic rape/sex scenes and a jumbled storyline. Nearly the entire cast give sub-par performances, particularly the main character. Mara Rooney couldn't be less believable as Salander. It was garbage. I can't believe this unoriginal piece of trash managed to get nominated for multiple Oscars. What a shame.The main story of the movie, at least based on screen-time and storyline, is discovering the killer in a supposed murder committed 40 years ago, however there's a lot of time dedicated to Lizabeth's life that leads to nothing, especially the ugly rape scenes, that after seeing the ending of the movie, I found completely irrelevant to the story, if the idea was to show her past and all the mess that was her life, a couple of minutes of a review of her files would have been enough.Some of the reviews that I have read claim that on the book, Lizabeth's life and his will to make a stand against violence against women was the main story of the movie, if that's the case then the director made a mess of the story and the movie is worst than I have rated it, because there's no way to get to that conclusion after watching it.Also I still don't get the first ten minutes of paint and Trent Reznor's music, totally out of place.I have a strange relationship with the story of 'The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo'.On a long international flight back home, it was the only book I could find in English in the bookshop that didn't have a blerb that made me vomit. Over-hyped though it was, I thought it would fit the bill, and it did. It helped keep me sane over the cramped hours.Then I saw this version of the film, and it didn't make any real impression.Eventually, I discovered it was a remake and went and sought out the Swedish original.So - read the book and saw both film versions. You might conclude that I must really like the story, and hold the author in great esteem?I regret this is not the case, oh dear me no.Without wishing to insult Mr. Larsson's ghost, I'm afraid I think his book is boring and over-rated - it certainly didn't motivate me to read the other two. And I've read much better mysteries that could have been made into films.I think the Swedish version is a rather good film that removes some of the book's tedium, but it's still nothing that I'd label as an "enduring classic" or some such hyperbole.I think this version, now I have the context of the real film, the original, is a steaming abortion and frankly rather embarrassing:The opening credits are idiotic, grating, and inappropriate: telegraphing that wheels had fallen off.Rooney Mara's performance is shockingly, appallingly bad. Perhaps it was the script and a completely talentless director? I don't know.Daniel Craig mailed-in his performance.Everyone but Craig has absurd Swedish accents but speak in English.The music is god-awful, sorry Trent but it is, it's totally wrong for the film.It's almost a shot-for-shot remake of the original, but in a purely colour-by-numbers, box-ticking way.Everything is More, Bigger, Longer, like a Spielberg effort. The sets are bigger, the vehicles are bigger, the houses are bigger, the rooms are bigger, and everything is stretched out as much as it can be, but without any added finesse.A cardboard and lacklustre, going-through-the-motions, rubbish film.And even more boring than the book.------First of all let me call Lizbeth the Wild Wonder Woman. She is certainly wild with the hair, clothes and stainless steel and she is a bit of a wonder with her ability to take over any computer on the planet. Also all the computers that she takes over belong to people who keep their whole lives on their laptops including their banking records, their life's history,the codes to their accounts in the Cayman Islands etc.It's all there waiting for WWW. Also she has a wonderful relationship with various police forces, all she has to do is walk in and ask for what she wants and she gets it. Certainly a WWW.Christopher Plummer's offspring disappeared 40 years ago and he has decided that she is dead and not only that but murdered by a member of the family and he has devoted the 40 years to unmasking the killer without result. So he calls in Daniel to solve the mystery.The problem with this is that there is no reasonable cause or rationale for making this assumption. So you have to see it as a plot facilitator and a poor one.Daniel's investigation proceeds with Lizbeth's help and seems to consist mainly of looking at old photos. No divulging of the ending but there is the identification of a couple of serial killers which makes as much sense as Curly did in the Three Stooges. All together way too long and a waste of your time.The sound, and music are without doubt the worst my wife and I have had to endure in any motion picture foreign or domestic. The so called suspense sounds are ridiculously ineffective. The noise, so called music, distract from the dialog, making it impossible to hear in some instances. Evidently actors no longer find it necessary to speak distinctly. Surely they weren't taught that in their training. It has become the norm to mumble, and slur words,particularly when speaking softly. Scenes with "whispering" are totally incoherent. A few years ago we attended the holiday concert of a 200 +/- man chorus in Boston. One of the pieces was totally pianissimo. You could understand every word. No excuse for lack of diction, nor in the noise blotting out speech. The foreign / Swedish version was infinitely better.I will start out writing that I never read the books or watched the original movie. I'm writing this based just on the film that was presented and nothing else. That being stated, this film was a tedious, convoluted mess of nonsense, graphic rape-torture, and mostly stereotyped uninspired casting.I am not going to give a detailed synopsis, you can get that elsewhere. All I will say is the plot has something to do with an industrialist who hires Daniel Craig to find out who killed his niece. The graphic rape-torture scenes make you feel like you are watching a snuff film. The casting of the rapist was almost laughable. A fat, creepy looking Yorick van Wageningen plays the rapist. The reality is rapists look like everyone else. I'm surprised he did not have an eye patch and a scar on his face. Another point, what predator (Wageningen) would pick a would be victim who he knows has a history of unpredictability, violence, and works for a security company! Totally unrealistic.I really do not understand the people who love this film. I think their positive reviews say more about them then it does the movie....Blabber about the Swedish versus US version, standing in line, all that hype. I manage to squeeze myself and my girlfriend in one of the smaller theaters in the city, as the large ones have been under assault since the beginning of the phenomenon. Movie starts, they start speaking English with a reverential accent toward the European and Nordic chef d'oeuvre. The enumeration of Swedish cities starts, just to state that this is not an attempt to dampen the color and depth of the original masterpiece. We meet the male lead David, who just got his arse handed over from Goliath. Needs to get away from the hassle. Lick the wounds. No cliché there. I notice a wall light is not working along the narrow hall way in the theater. Pretentious introductions of the very special family follow. Just like in a wrestling event we are being introduced with all the participants and prepared just for how twisted and awful they are. Then more stalling. More landscape. This is where I first look around and notice the led lights around the steps. I start finding them fascinating. I'm thinking about going out to smoke a cigarette. I remember, I don't smoke. DAMN!No doubt the light must affect the psyché of people in a Nordic country, I'm thinking. Let's see the monsters now. There's the rapist, but most importantly the only character in this story who ever outsmarts punky girl in a supposedly smart thriller, because from now on it's mission impossible for her. She turns into bike-hacker extraordinaire. Back to the storyline. More landscape and sterile interior design. The end.Just kidding, I purposely left the most important aspect for last. The cat and mouse game with the killa. There's a cat in the movie, does that count? No mouse. No game. The killa...what's special about him? The actor is actually Swedish. Hmm, just another layer to the story, better said trivia section. I remember I forgot to buy a bottle of wine for this evening. DAMN!Next: Punky beats Goliath Jane Bond style, THE END. Or is it? I remember, it's a trilogy, DAMN!You think my comment was long? Try watching the movie. You'll wish you were in attendance at an insurance seminar. At least there you would have a window to look out of.Fincher's The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo suffers from the same inanimate feel about it as did Panic Room from 2002. And although both attempts were admirable, it does seem that Fincher needs more intricacies in the subplot and less obviousness in the screenplay than both Panic Room and the film in review had to offer. As it is, the film just barely manages to make you care about a tale involving a wrongfully convicted journalist and a female hacker who looks too preposterously edgy/angry/victimized to be anywhere near believable. The multiple stories they tried to cram into one film, which probably is the fault of the source material, seems highly incompatible. Either make a film about the brutalized and haunted life of a young woman, or make a whodunit. By the time the two main stories came together, I had lost all hope for the film to become less derivative and kooky. Even the soundtrack by Reznor felt completely fake as it was a mere echo of his previous work on his Oscar winning score for the Social Network. Really nothing in this film concealed the true intentions of the producers with the box office revenues in mind.In this, the film is every inch as bad as The Mysterious case of Benjamin Button in which Fincher also managed to thoroughly overproduce a flimsy idea with no real interesting story behind it. It's time Fincher made a new deal with Andrew Kevin Walker and create another Se7en. Being a producer's wife is a sore waste of his amazing talents as a director.51/100Watching Fincher's remake was so much like deja vu that I wondered if the director had simply employed CGI artists to superimpose American and English faces over Swedish ones. I also wondered how Hollywood gets away with this level of grotesque artistic plagiarism. Niels Arden Oplov must surely be outraged because this is more his film than Fincher's. This is a remake with absolutely no creative effort put in-except for those appallingly unnecessary and unconvincing faux-Swedish accents. Why even bother? All I can think is Fincher was under contract to make his film identical to Oplov's, but using English language.The girl with the dragon tattoo is perhaps Finchers weakest effort with a cut and paste rendition of the Swedish original that couldn't hold my interest either. Although beautifully shot in the lavish Finsheresque style, the story of a talented young investigator who teams up with a journalist to unravel a 40 year old mystery belongs in an episode of Inspector Morse rather than in a 3 hour long attempt to warp time.From the completely out of place opening sequence up, I was thoroughly annoyed that the film couldn't grab and hold my attention for even more than 3 consecutive scenes. It in stead annoyed the hell out of me with the incompatible soundtrack compiled from the left-overs of Trent Reznor's previous soundtrack for The Social Network. Perhaps even more annoying are the two completely unconnected stories that take forever to intertwine and didn't spark an iota of interest in the outcome of the story or the fate of the protagonists.There is Zero character development, a totally forgettable scenario combined with a a far too linear, thin and familiar plot culminating in an inescapable conclusion which all the same didn't make any sense unless the killer wanted to be caught.Watching this, I had trouble resisting the urge to do the laundry.3/10