Guardians of the Galaxy is a pleasantly surprising SyFy thriller for this generation. The film stars Chris Pratt as Peter aka Star-Lord, Zoe Saldana as Gamora, Bradley Cooper as the voice of Rocket, Vin Diesel as the voice of Groot, and Dave Bautista as Drax. This all-star cast does an amazing job bringing these characters to life. If you like any of the Marvel Avengers movies you will love the humor and action of this family-friendly film.
Peter is a human from planet Earth that has a bounty on his head when Rocket, a talking raccoon that was developed in a lab, and Grout a walking tree come along and try to capture him to collect the bounty on him. In the meantime, Gamora comes along trying to steal the Orb that Peter has in his possession. This group of misfits that end up crossing paths, all at the same time, end up being put into prison where they meet Drax. Drax lost his family at the hands of Gamora's gang, therefore Drax wants revenge and to kill her. This group of enemies ends up having to rely on each other to escape prison. In the beginning, they are trying to kill one another or use each other for personal gain. In order to ensure their personal gain, they end up having to try and keep one another alive. By protecting each other they begin to create a bond.
I feel that the music along with the special effects that were used for this film is what makes it great. The music speaks to what is happening in the film and the emotions that the character is feeling at that time. They were consistent and the use of the music shows the time frame in which Peter left Earth.
The differences in the feeling during the scenes are also shown in the lighting and special effects. The lighting and special effects during the fight scenes show quicker cuts, as opposed to the times during the film when the characters are more relaxed, in which the director pans across the scene moving with the characters.
The director and the all-star cast pull the audience in and do an excellent job bringing the characters to life while leaving them asking what could be next for this group of friends. If you like humor in your SyFy films you will love this cinematic sensation.This film is perfect entertainment. Sheer bliss from end to end.
Watch it, laugh out loud and enjoy.I don't know how marvel did that but man this movie was something, TBH I wasn't sure if that movie will success because It sounded like silly for me when I heard about talking raccoon and tree, suddenly they became one of my favorite characters in the MCU , Sorry marvel I was wrong.It is a very fun and entertaining film. The story and screenplay is amazing. The direction by James Gunn is awesome. The CGI and visual effects of the film are outstanding. The film is one of the best MCU films humor wise. The performances of the cast are great. All the main characters are very likable. Definitely a must watch even if you aren't a superhero movie lover.This movie was so good it had incredible acting and a great plot. This movie is so awesome if you have not seen it watch it!Guardians of the Galaxy is nothing short of an amazing movie. If there's anything I can say, it's that it is the best superhero movie I have seen. Not only does it have the impressive set pieces and enough action to last you a lifetime, it has an emotional core and you actually get to care about each and every single character. Overall this movie is filled with all the required thrills and spills and is a first class action movie. It also has a great mixture of comedic value and a deal of seriousness. The film's unlikely hero is Quill (Chris Pratt), an eccentric gunfighter in the Han Solo mould who we meet stealing a metal orb coveted by the evil warlord Ronan. When he dispatches his top assassin, the green- skinned Gamora (Zoe Saldana), to recover the artifact, the pair find themselves locked up, along with the galaxy's most unlikely bounty hunters – a gun-toting raccoon (Bradley Cooper) and his sidekick (Vin Diesel) who just happens to be a walking tree. All the actors do a great job at portraying there characters, they feel real beings. You get to know about them and their struggles and you become attached to them. Every character in the movie got their time to shine, especially Rocket Raccoon who is voiced perfectly by Bradley Cooper. Everyone is pitch perfect in their roles even Batista! For those that want specifics: effects were top notch, acting was excellent, story lines were compelling, the comedy was perfect 99.5% of the time and surprise there were a lot of one line typical superhero zingers that worked really well. What really can't be stressed enough is just how insanely fun and entertaining Guardians of the Galaxy is for literally its entire two-hour-plus run-time. I still have a hard time wrestling with who was my favorite actor in this. all in all, the film is brilliantly well done, action scenes are engrossing and genuinely done, you genuinely worry about certain characters and I for one was thrilled with it. Go see this.Just let yourself be taken in! A sad beginning morphed into the most joyous of movies and the soundtrack is brilliant.Just let yourself enjoyI entitle my review A New Hope as I walk out of the cinema feeling like I have just watched the Star Wars of our generation!As a huge Marvel fan (both comics and film) I was delighted to hear this film was getting made with the perfect choice of Guardians and what a perfect cast to play them. The biggest surprise for me was Dave Bautista who I thought was only cast for his size but his delivery was spot on for Drax. Chris Pratt was hilarious whilst still excellent at delivering some of the films most emotional scenes.CGI in this film was super, there's nothing I hate more than too much CGI in a film but it was so good in Guardians that I was completely lost in it. Never have a seen space look so good, the battles were incredible and Groot and Rocket never looked out of place (aside from being a tree and raccoon).Gunn is the perfect director for this, his tone, his balance of comedy, action and emotion blended perfectly and directing GOTG would have been no easy job. DC are still trying hard to get Justice League going, Marvel just made a film with a talking tree and Raccoon and it was AWESOME!!!Not a bad performance all round and comic fans will be happy with certain nods and winks scattered throughout. Probably my top Marvel film yet, it has the fresh new feeling the first Iron Man had with all the action and humour of The Avengers. 10 stars from me, even if your not a comic book or sci-fi fan, this movie has something for everyone.This movie was everything I wanted from scifi movieNothing I can add to this amazing work of art, to me no scifi compares, it blows away star wars...sorry!! The cast is magical, the story phenomenal, the special effects and the 3d un paralleled, this will become a classic film right at the top!! The comedy is mixed in perfectly, we've watched this film at least 20 times, 3 times in the theater and the rest at home in brilliant 3d bluray!!! It gets better everytime we see it. Thank you to the cast and crew for a huge feel good , lose yourself for 2 hours work of art!!!!!