Epic Godzilla Action Movie From Beginning To End.Spectacular Production & Great Scenes Of Dragon Fights.Delightful Film That Will Cheer You Up.Satisfaction Guaranteed.Five years after Godzilla defeated King Ghidorah, Kong is monitored by Monarch within a giant dome on Skull Island. Kong is visited by Jia, the last Iwi native and Kong expert Ilene Andrews' adopted daughter, who is deaf and communicates with Kong via sign language.Bernie Hayes, an employee of Apex Cybernetics and host of a Titan conspiracy theory podcast, extracts data suggesting sinister activities at a Pensacola facility. However, Godzilla suddenly attacks the facility; during the rampage, Bernie stumbles on a massive device. Madison Russell, a fan of Bernie's podcast, enlists her friend Josh to investigate Godzilla's attacks. Apex CEO Walter Simmons recruits Nathan Lind, a Hollow Earth theorist, to guide a search for a power source into the Hollow Earth, the homeworld of the Titans. Nathan is initially hesitant as his brother died on an expedition to Hollow Earth due to a strong reverse-gravitational effect. He agrees after Walter reveals that Apex has developed HEAVs, specialized crafts able to withstand the pressure exerted by the gravity field.Nathan meets with Ilene and convinces her to let Kong guide them through the Hollow Earth via an outpost in Antarctica. Nathan, Ilene, and an Apex team led by Walter's daughter Maia board a modified barge escorted by the U. S. Navy that carries a sedated and restrained Kong. Godzilla attacks the convoy and defeats Kong, but retreats after the ships disable their power and trick him into thinking they are destroyed. To avoid alerting Godzilla, Kong is airlifted to the Hollow Earth entrance, and Jia convinces him to enter the tunnel while the team follows him in the HEAVs.Madison and Josh find Bernie, who joins their investigation. They sneak into the wrecked Apex base, discover a secret facility underground, and are inadvertently locked into an underground monorail transport to an Apex facility in Hong Kong, where they unwittingly stumble on a test of Mechagodzilla. It is telepathically controlled by Ren Serizawa, the son of the late Ishiro Serizawa, through the neural networks from a severed head of Ghidorah, but is hobbled by its power supply's limitations. Walter intends to harness the Hollow Earth's energy to overcome Mechagodzilla's limitations.Inside the Hollow Earth, Kong and the team find an ecosystem similar to Skull Island. They discover his species' ancestral throne room, where they find remains of an ancient war with Godzilla's kind and a glowing axe made from another Godzilla's dorsal plates. As they find the power source, the Apex team sends its signature back to their Hong Kong base despite Ilene's protests. Attracted by Mechagodzilla's activation, Godzilla arrives in Hong Kong, and sensing Kong, he directly drills a shaft to the throne room with his atomic breath. In the ensuing mayhem, Maia and the Apex team attempt to escape but their HEAV is crushed by Kong. Kong, Ilene, Jia, and Nathan ascend to Hong Kong, where Godzilla and Kong battle. Godzilla is initially overpowered by Kong, but Godzilla emerges victorious while Kong loses consciousness.Madison, Josh, and Bernie are caught by security and taken to Walter. Despite Ren's concerns over the power source's volatility, Walter orders him to activate Mechagodzilla. They lose control of Mechagodzilla, who kills Walter and electrocutes Ren, and then attacks Hong Kong. Godzilla and Mechagodzilla battle, but Godzilla is overwhelmed. Nathan revives Kong by destroying the HEAV, and Jia convinces him to help Godzilla. As Mechagodzilla overpowers both Titans, Josh short-circuits Mechagodzilla's controls with Bernie's flask of liquor, momentarily interrupting the mech. Godzilla supercharges Kong's axe with his atomic breath, allowing Kong to destroy Mechagodzilla. Madison, Bernie, and Josh reunite with Mark Russell, while Godzilla and Kong acknowledge each other before the two go their separate ways. Sometime later, Monarch has established an observation post in the Hollow Earth, where Kong now rules.Who cares about the plot? What we really want to see is the battle of the Titans and this movie delivered. Some stories don't need to be complex, this is one of them. As a fan of the old Godzilla and Kong movies, this was a goodie. Just buckle up and enjoy the ride!Enjoyed the movie, reminded me of the old movies, just with better effects. Take it for what it is.OK, so maybe I am biased as have always been avid Godzilla fan but this movie was everything I expected. CGI and sound was amazing but would have been nice to hear some of the original Godzilla theme. Cannot fault this movie as it had the perfect ending and walked away with a huge smile on my face. Only downside is the time I have to wait to see it again.I will open this review saying that 1. I'm biased, as I'm a lifelong Godzilla fan and 2. I actually knew spoilers FAR ahead of time for this movie.That being said, I thought this film ruled. It's by far my favorite movie in the Monsterverse, if not flat out my favorite movie period. The CGI and sound design for this film are phenomenal, there wasn't a single scene where I though "yeah, that CGI could use some touchups." Both monsters look incredible and are done absolute justice here. To make this more readable, I've split this review into parts.Kong:
Kong is most certainly the main character of the movie. The film starts with him, and once he's with Team Kong, there isn't really a scene that he's not in. It's absurd the amount of detail that goes into Kong's facial expressions. His reactions are honestly a highlight of the movie, I actively noticed myself searching his face to see what he was thinking. Kong is also most definitely the heart of the film, as even with myself being a Godzilla fan, I cared immensely for Kong and was emotionally with him for the ups and downs. Whether you are a fan of him or not, this film will have you loving Monke by the end.Godzilla:
While not having anywhere near the screentime as Kong, Godzilla still ruled this movie for me (bias obviously in play). His opening sequence screams classic Godzilla, and the way he looks and fights in this movie are absolutely brutal. This movie nailed giving Godzilla this foreboding atmosphere, anytime he's on screen it spells doom. I also have to say that he essentially stole the show at all the set pieces he was apart of.Humans:
Colored me surprised, but I actually didn't dislike the human characters in this movie. I went in fully expecting the character levels we got in King of the Monsters, but I genuinely cannot say that I hated anyone in this movie. Does that mean that they're incredibly fleshed out characters with Godfather levels of dialogue. Absolutely not, but where the last film had a lot of family drama, this one has a lot of humor and heart. The two main standouts to me are Tyree's character and Jia, which I think works as they're essentially the most important character for their respective team.Ending thoughts:
I was going to write more for this, but I decided to leave the review as a spoiler free one. Like I said, I loved this movie, it has a lot of action and seriously fast pace (both of which are a big thumbs up for me). If you're a fan of either of these characters, or even just looking for a fun time, this film is definitely worth a watch.Action packed.Attention grabbing.Astonishing imagery.It is what it's suppose to be.Waited hella long for this movie to come out and it did not disappoint! Enjoyed the big monster fights, storyline was good, and ending felt satisfying. Watch with on a big screen and great sound speakers, if you can. FYI...no extra scene after the movie ends.GODzilla Vs KINGkong . It's a feast to eyes for action lovers . It's the movie all the fans of Godzilla & King kong are waiting for . The script , direction and visual effects are done wonderfully . There is not even one dull moment in the film , unlike previous two Godzilla movies . There are some goosebumps moments which makes people scream . Millie brown , Brian , Julian made some funny moments .
This movie being released first in India , one week before USA release Is a smart move . Result of which most of the people in India can watch this epic in theaters . This is not a movie to be watched in OTT or pirated print or DVD . Experience this epic in
nearest theatres , take all precautions of covid .Contain spoiler!!!!!I watched this movie on theater, this kind of movie only work to watch on theater not home, because we need to hear the sound fx and soundtrack to feels the amazing titan clash feels real.Sound fx is amazing and the cgi is awesome!Godzilla looks so scary here because he's hunting the apex predator, and kong looks so innocent and helpless but still brave af, im team godzilla but also feels sad when kong defeated.The story feels rushed , and kinda disappointed the other monster from the previous movie isn't showing up again , the mecha godzilla is crazy. Its menacing and his power lv is beyond godzilla. He can't be defeated with only brute strength, you need brain. And there's the reason kong is in the battle, with the weapon and help from godzilla he can defeat that crazy mecha godzilla.Sadly no clue for the continuity of the monsterverse.I hope its still continue .