We as a family loved the first two films but this was boring bland and not at all funny the "jokes" fell flat and seemed forced not one person in the cinema laughed all through the film don't waste your time seeing this film I enjoyed the first two "Hotel Transylvania" movies, even with the unfortunate music choices, but found myself cringing at this one. There were a couple of clever moments and talented voice acting but ultimately it was just painful to watch as joke after joke fell flat.Remember that scene in "Hotel Transylvania 2" where Dracula dances to GDFR with Dennis that didn't have anything to do with anything and seemed to be shoehorned in because some studio executive wanted it there? Well imagine an entire movie like that.Yes, the entire script seemed to be written by a studio executive that no one had the guts to tell them wasn't funny. I really like the first two movies. they are charming and has a nice flow.
But Transylvania 3 is more of a display of hyperactive animation.
How can every character move in the most annoying ways and 
every clip is fast-paced that it reminds me more of a looney toon show.
I had to turn off after 10 minutes so my opinion doesnt really matters that much but the first movies didnt have that effect. i was glued to the screen.
I,m a cinema fanatic so I notice very fast when quality drops.
and the beginning was so ridculous and bad that it problably sets the tone for whats to come. This time I judge a movie before even having watched it through. you just know this will be bad. Adam Sandler and company, you are welcome fo my $20 contribution to your fortune even though it isn't deserved in this case. This movie was AWFUL! I couldn't wait for it to end, it was painful! Apparently My 10 year old enjoys any cartoon though. If you are not tired of the stupidification of previously beloved movie sagas such as the Alien, the Terminator, the Predator etc... now here comes one more wonderful example. It is unwatchable. Me and my wife and the children looked at each other after 2-3 mins with a white and shocked face, but we let still run it for more 5 min just to make sure... but we could not stand any more. Well, if you have an ant-size brain you might find this hyperactive abhorrence funny, but we did not.
And wait... here comes the best: They are on the train from Transylvania to Budapest. You know, Transylvania is part of Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest.
Can you put the puzzle together? :-))) LOL, right!
But in a country where some still believe that Japan is the Capital of China, it is forgivable to mistake the capital of Hungary (Budapest) with Bucharest. I thought this was one of the worst movies ever made. I can't believe that Adam Sandler, Selena Gomez, and the cast would ever consider releasing such a movie Stupid jokes, unnecessary scenes, extremely loud music. I could not sit through the movie as my head hurt from all that loud music and screaming. No story - just trying to make money out of the first. Such a waste of my time People I'm shocked, how can they make such a bad movie, wow, and signed, they put a Macarena song with Monsters and Vampires, help, I wanted to disappear from the cinema, but for my daughter, I endured, went to the end and asked and liked it there. She said, it was cool! help. Film without anything cool, diminished the others, because I really enjoyed the 1 and 2 that were very cool. Uauuuuuuuuuu. Oh, boy. We've got another one of these. They made a THIRD Hotel Transylvania film in 2018. And boy, is it PACKED with horrible jokes and awful storytelling. Adam Sandler is at it again with his terrible acting 'skills'. The movie doesn't even put in an effort to be funny. The movie wastes the talents of two amazing actresses, Selena Gomez and Chrissy Teigen.With that said, I am interested in Erica's backstory. I feel like Sony really made the wrong film. A movie about a young woman breaking free from her overbearing guardian would have been WAY more interesting than a third Hotel Transylvania film. I liked the first 2, and I understand that this is a film for kids, but it's really predictable at every turn.You see all the twists coming long before they actually hit and, even for a kids film, that sucks a lot of the life out of it. Animation is really poor compared to the first two movies. The storyline is really poor. Just didn't enjoy it as I did the first two. In fact, I turn it off before it got mid way. If you hate someone recommend this movie.not funny at all Sony stick to making phones and TVs. An hour of my life I won't get back before I walked out to sit in the cinema lobby. Shockingly bad, like worse than frozen bad. It was a funny movie. But it show another worst love lessons. Marrying someone you just met. WRONG WRONG WRONG.I recommend the writers to watch Frozen. Jumped from event to event way to often. Not funny. Overacting characters with no brain (may be because they are monsters) >>> not really hilarious at all 0/10 They don't even bother addressing the "only zing once" rule established in the first film. That's all I can say before going on an explosive rant about everything else wrong with this film. Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation - While this movie will entertain small children, "Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation" will leave parents and older children dreading the fact that they even introduced the idea of putting it on. 