Will Farrell tea bagging a drum set is not funny. John C. Reilly in bicycle shorts or a Chewbacca mask is not funny. The two stars pulverizing a playground full of eleven-year-olds is also, you guessed it, not funny. In fact, it is desperate and pathetic.It is small consolation that one of the egregious scenes in the movie takes place after the credits roll. Unfortunately though, the aisles and exits at the theatre I saw Step Brothers at were clogged with spectators who, beyond any intelligible reason as far as I can tell, were amused enough by the first 100 minutes to stick around for the encore, so I was stuck.I find it necessary to qualify my above remarks, as well as those I have not yet written down, by saying I do not object to raunchy, low-brow humor. Any one of the images mentioned in the lead of this review could have been as funny as the pie scene in American Pie or the testicle/zipper shot in There's Something About Mary. But there needs to be some context and perhaps a little motivation as well. We need to know why something is funny, and understand how it fits in with the world its movie occupies. The images themselves do not suffice, no matter how shocking or disgusting.If you are not yet familiar with the general set-up of Step Brothers through the movie's excessively aggressive and ubiquitous marketing campaign, it is rather simple. Will Farrell and John C. Reilly play two slacker children- one is forty years old and the other is pushing forty with a short stick- whose successful, motivated single parents get married, and therefore begin the weirdest Brady Bunch type family in movie history. Farrell and Reilly's characters hate each other upon sight and bicker insufferably until they realize they are cut from the same degenerate cloth and then become best pals.Eventually, the father, a revered and important physician played by Richard Jenkins, becomes so enraged by the overgrown adolescents' antics, that he delivers an ultimatum to them. Get jobs and move out by the end of the month. I feel this is all the plot exposition this film deserves, because Step Brothers is more about a series of failed gags and profanity for profanity's sake.I consider myself to have a very high tolerance for explicit, raunchy sexual behavior and an even higher tolerance for foul language, but even I found Step Brothers to be puke-inducing, more than a bit rough. Remember the tea bagging scene mentioned in the lead. We do get to see every hairy inch of Will Farrell's scrotum. It does not advance the plot. It is not the logical conclusion of a series of events. It is not executed with any sort of subtlety or surprise, it is telegraphed a week ahead of time. It serves no function whatsoever except to show Will Farrell's testicles because Farrell, who co-wrote the script with director Adam McKay, thinks it is funny. It is not, and neither are the endless gags which continually use sex, genitalia, cursing, etc. as bludgeons. It is not so much a movie as an exercise in arbitrary weirdness and manic perversion.The clerk who sold me my ticket said that while most of the younger audiences seemed to love the film, many middle-aged moviegoers had left the film enraged, demanding to be refunded. To me, this does not demonstrate a schism in tolerance, but a schism in taste. Today's middle-aged moviegoer grew up with Animal House and Porky's, and was quick to embrace the aforementioned American Pie and There's Something About Mary. And anybody willing to put down ten bucks to see a movie starring the man behind Old School must have been prepared for some politically incorrect humor. However, in Step Brothers it is not funny, just depressing, mean-spirited and reprehensible.Even more depressing, is the fact that there is a kernel of a good idea here. There is endless comedic possibility of two social misfits with Peter Pan complexes who are seemingly oblivious to all real world expectations. Unfortunately, this movie is completely unwilling to push the frontiers of any sort of substance whatsoever. It just falls back on the same safe, broad humor that so many of Farrell's previous efforts are marked by. Worse yet, is that the two lead characters' quirks are made less interesting by the supporting characters in the movie. Everybody is pretty much the exact same. Even the supposed smart, successful people in Step Brothers behave like social deviants, giving Farrell and Reilly nothing to bounce their energy off of. They hardly even stand out as weirdos. Even the straight-laced father succumbs to visions of being a T-Rex. It is not a fantasy, but a goal.There is something potentially fascinating about a successful doctor who aspires to be a member of a different species, one that is extinct to boot, but like so much of the rest of the movie, the joke is undercut by the tone of the rest of the film. The undeniable chemistry between Farrell and Reilly is the only thing that makes this film supportable. They really embody these characters and go all the way with them. Unfortunately, that is all the way to the toilet. The film displays many symptoms of Farrell's classic "Ain't I cute" syndrome.This film makes the classic mistake of believing goofiness is an adequate substitute for wit. All comedy writers, directors, and actors would serve themselves well to observe a few basic lessons. Smart people are funnier than dumb people. Secure, well-adjusted people are funnier than zany outcasts. And most importantly, a bad gag done loudly is even more annoying than the same bad gag performed at a humble volume.In a summer of surprisingly strong major studio releases, Step Brothers does what it can to taint the cinematic gene pool. I hate this movie. It is degrading to the intelligence of anyone who actually condescends to watching it, it offers nothing of worth in any category and it loses itself in a festering ball of pathetic, sorry ass-felching crap that I would rather have a root canal than watch again. It's about two thirty or forty year old guys who live with their single parents. When the parents end up meeting at a business conference of sorts, the two men are forced to try and get along. Well, they don't, and what follows is a gamut of immature genitalia jokes, farting jokes, masturbation jokes and, to top it all off, Will Ferrell's balls rubbing on a drum set. I swear I'm not making that up.So, yeah, the jokes are by far the worst part. Will Ferrell had a hand in writing this screenplay, and to that I say, don't let this man touch any more scripts. Seriously, this is awful. Do you still think jokes about penises and masturbating are hilarious? Do you like watching grown men cry and shout curses at each other at the top of their lungs? Well, then, you're a disgrace to humanity, and this movie is for you! Every moment of this godforsaken piece of cinematic bowel cancer is just painful, every last minute of it. It's clear that there is a story trying to happen here, but when you have dialogue about wanting someone to crawl into your vagina and live there, well, it's a bit hard to let it blossom. I swear, I'm not making that up, either.The worst part about this movie is that our two main characters are supposed to be likable, more so than Will Ferrell's brother character, played by Adam Scott. The brother is made out to be a horrible, obnoxious and rude person who takes pleasure in talking down to and humiliating his older brother, who, if I might remind you, is forty years old and living at home. Yeah, this movie wants us to feel sorry for Will Ferrell and his new buddy, but the problem is that they're even worse and more asinine than the brother is! It doesn't work as an inspirational coming-of-age story not just because the two characters are already OF age, but because we don't like the two main characters! They're insipid, shallow, rude assholes and I just wanted to shoot them for the better part of the story. It doesn't work as a comedy because nothing is funny, it's just sad.Yeah, and there's one part where they try to bury each other alive, which is where the movie officially hits an all time low. It's like something you'd read out of a tabloid newspaper column after you've already read through everything worth reading. Or maybe like something off of one of the online 'weird news' categories. It's pathetic, and all it really does is make you embarrassed to still be watching this movie.So then we get the end of the movie, which turns things around and sees the two guys reforming themselves and starting to live real lives. It is kind of nice, at least as an apology for the rest of the insufferable crap on here, but in the context of the movie? It's like two completely different films mashed together, and it's even kind of insulting that a movie that features insurmountable levels of grotesque and puerile farces against the film industry's integrity would actually try to have, in the same movie as the dialogue about crawling into a woman's vagina, a "moment" between the two brothers. Yes, we're expected now to put down our barf bags and pick up a tissue box. Good god.Well, I don't buy it. This movie is wretched. It is unpleasant, it is unfunny and most of all it is mostly unwatchable. I've never seen anything quite so shameless. This whole movie is actively detestable and hateable. Never before have I seen a movie that made me feel quite this dirty. If you think this movie is funny then you have terrible taste in comedy. Utterly worthless tripe on every level. I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!!!!I wasn't expecting much from this. I did not like Talladega so I knew I will not like this. I saw it because of the good comments it received here. The film depicts two grown up men playing teenagers. Both have a huge parental complex and cannot live if the umbilical is broken. They become step brothers and their behaviour is very predictable. They hate each other in the beginning and they start doing the same old: pranks on one another. Unfortunately, the jokes and ideas these two grown up men have used to be funny when I was twelve. Putting your balls on a drum set, 'gina jokes and all that tasteless humour is beyond me now. This film took everything to the extreme. You had a bad joke but that was not enough. It had to be pushed, and pushed, and pushed until it became so lame that the premise wasn't even funny anymore. The plot thickens when Dale shacks up with Derek's wife. Derek is Will's brother in the movie. Typical brother, very successful but the biggest moron on the planet. So, back to the shacking. That was so random and it lowered the quality. Her lines were taking from a porn film and they were very explicit. The scene where she pees in a cubicle is simply overkill.What was funny in this film, I do not know? Every scene involves explicit sexual organ description or sex related images. Anything from the Apatow stable is devoutly to be avoided by anyone with a sense of humour. Humour involves irony and social commentary, qualities entirely lacking in the Apatow opus. Apatow enjoys laughing at the idiot goyim and giggling about it all the way to the bank. In Apatow comedies, the joke is on the audience. Stepbrothers is more of the same. Two grown men try to do more inane things than each other while acting like nine year-olds. At some point Will Ferrell is sitting on the toilet with his drawers down. He reaches for toilet paper (so we know that he has had a bowel movement) and finds the roller empty. Looking round, he notes the rug that surrounds the pedestal and pulls it up. He is about to turn and wipe his rear with it when -- CLICK! --- I switch off the DVD player and the further adventures of these two morons will never be known. I just saw this movie and i only thought, please register to IMDb to have the right to make a review and rate this movie with the worst rating there is. I never thought that watching a movie would be such a waste of time. The story of two 40 year old adults being mentally in the age of 10. First they are foes, and then they became friends, only for so long to become foes again so they can be friends and stepbrothers again in the end, so they can save the day and live all together happily? Who writes this scripts and who approves them? Sure, some scenes were funny but they don't save the whole impression.Who Wrote the ratings in this page? The producers? PS: I have to give at least one star... No way passing around Simply the worst (scripted, acted and constructed) Ferrell comedy EVER! A lazy, sloppy production. Not even funny (even though it tried so very hard to be). And in the packed theater I saw this in I only heard about 5 laughs (and they weren't very loud). I really wish it had been better.The step brothers' characterizations were all over the place. One minute they're slightly eccentric, the next they're seriously deranged morons. And the film's tedium is almost unbearable (though I did manage to watch it to the end - just in case it got better). It didn't.And why anyone would care about these spoilt, middle class, psychotic losers (especially when they're not funny) is anybody's guess. I hope Ferrell picks more carefully next time. One of the most idiotic films I ever saw. The humor is infantile with an absurd story line. There are a couple of funny jokes between Ferrel and his step-dad but that is about it. It seems as if all of the actors stretch the absurd humor to the limit. None of them give a credible performance with the exception of Jenkins who does a decent job as the father. As the movie progressed, the laughter thinned out in the theater. The story line was reduced to more absurdity as the film neared its conclusion. I wouldn't waste my time or money on this film. Wait for it to come out on DVD. That will probably be in about two weeks. Brennan Huff's mother and Dale Doback's father get married and go to live together. Since Brennan and Dale still live with their parents (even having 40 years old), they need to live as step brothers. They don't like each other and don't get along. The main problem will come when they start to shake their parents' wedding.What a HORRIBLE movie! I haven't laughed even once! It is as bad as ''You Don't Mess with the Zohan '', but even more retarded! (If this is possible!!) How can someone even laugh with those ridiculous situations? The two lead characters seem two retarded men whose main objective is to destroy their family's lives. They behave like babies and they are what? 40 years old? I cannot believe this movie has almost a 7 in its rate. This only proves how many people with bad taste live in the world.Don't even bother to watch this movie, or you are going to lose your time with one of the most pathetic movies ever made by humanity. This has got to be the worst movie that has ever made it into theatres. I cannot see anything funny about this at all. I loved anchorman, I have watched it numerous times, I loved old school, Will Farrel was very funny in that as well. Now I actually had high expectations for this flick and I wish I'd never watched it. I couldn't even sit it through and had to stop at 3/4 of this atrocity. I wish I could delete the scenes of mindless, brain-numbing and not even mediocre attempts at slapstick comedy from my memory.Two apparently deeply disturbed or possibly retarded men, ruining their family's lives over nothing. I have seen better acting done by monkeys in the zoo, though I must admit that the so called humour of this "movie" seems to have gotten a lot of its inspiration from primate behaviour.I do not recommend this crime in the name of comedy to anyone in their right minds. It's a waste of time, I wish I had pirated the movie and not rented it but I think I'll try to get my money back. In fact, I am so angry at the director and producers of this abomination for stealing valuable time from me, I had to register on IMDb to write a comment.If you are one of the people who have given this thing a higher rating than 3, you must've been high like a kite. I wouldn't argue about a thing like that as it's usually a matter of taste, but this crap wouldn't even pass for trash...Don't waste your time on this, you'll make better use of it banging your head against a wall. This movie had its high points and I'm not ashamed to say that I was laughing a lot throughout most of the movie. The snotty younger brother was played to perfection. The moments where the parents lost their cool and began swearing was hilarious. The job interview scenes were hilarious. The stay -at-home loser step brothers were hilarious for the most part. The first three quarters of the movie was very funny. Towards the end, it was not. The Catalina Wine Mixer was a disaster. The part where the pychiatrist falls for Ferrell was dumb. The boat - as - treehouse was a terrible way to end the movie. The writers seemed to settle for a bad way to tie things up at the end and this caused the movie as a whole to fail. I also could not get past the vulgarness of some of the routines. The part where Ferrell places his scrotum, in full view, on the drum set was very sickening. The loud, intense farting was very insulting to a sophisticated viewer. The masturbation scene, where Ferrell slips his hand down his pants while watching TV, was very sick. The scene where the younger brother's wife has sex standing up and then relieved herself in a urinal was very sick.It's a shame that a movie that was perfectly cast and had such potential was ruined by blatant, sick vulgarness. Imagine if the great Pink Panther movies, for example, submitted to such base humor. Unnecessary catering to the uncouth members of the audience. There are movies that are really bad, but are so bad they are actually good, thus watchable. B-movies from the 50s come to mind. Then there are silly movies with some chuckles along the way. Then there are stupid movies, and some are still okay, as there are some chuckles along the way and likable characters. Then there's Step Brothers. What the rating system needs is a zero or negative numbers as this movie does not even rate a zero. The group that was watching this flick were all Ferrell and Reilly fans, but after 20 minutes most had left the room. I'll have to admit that no one stayed to watch the entire flick, even the most die-hard Ferrell fan, so this review is only based on what was watched. And even then it was painful. What were Jenkins and Steenburgen thinking when they decided to be in this movie? Both are fine actors, and if not for them this flick would have been turned off sooner. But then, this movie is not about them, but 2 middle-aged men who have been coddled by their parents and not only still live at home, are waited on hand and foot. No one liked Ferrell or Reilly's characters at all and we had no idea what this movie was trying to prove. Maybe there's a point near the end. That's if you can stand to waste your time waiting for it. Our guess is that everyone learns to live peacefully with one another. Our suggestion, your time would be better spent cleaning your bathroom. Is it possible that I have finally found a movie worse than MANOS? Surely STEP BROTHERS is in the running! Two aging, jobless fellows are thrown together when their parents marry. They fight like 4 year olds until dad decides to sell the house and toss them out. They then join forces to defeat his plans. Other than always dependable character actor Richard Jenkins as the dad, I have never seen worse acting in a major motion picture. Ferrell and Reilly are embarrassingly bad, and Mary Steenburgen as the mom is given nothing but bad lines and very little to do. I can't imagine what this turkey must have been like to sit through in a theater. As it is, I went to turn it off several times but decided to stick it out to see if it might redeem itself in the end. In fact, it only gets worse. Wait until you hear Ferrell trying to sing opera. You'll cry, and not in a good way. Just saw this last night, and nearly every moment I wanted to leave. This movie had exactly 3 moments that made me laugh for a second, and thats in the previews. I love humor and craziness and consider myself a blond Jim Carrey, now he is funny. But Will Ferrel, Mike Myers, and Adam Sandler consistently turn out the worst crap I've ever seen. I liked Elf, and Talladega Nights was OK, but the last several movie making ventures for Will Ferrel are crap, and this turd on film was my breaking point. I will never see a Will Ferrel movie again. I would like my money back! This movie is full of failing humor, the "F" word fly's around so much, even from the mature parents that it gets tiring. I've never seen such over blown attempts at trying to be funny and just see them fall on their faces. No person of intelligence could stand this movie. I only added the spoiler tag because I'm afraid IMDb might block me through some weird technicality. In any case...I honestly fail to see how a movie that has a scene where a married woman sneaks into the men's restroom and surprises her husband's brother-in-law with rape is considered comedy. It's rape, any way you slice it. I've never found rape funny. I'm not condemning those who do - it is a fictional movie, after all - but what annoys me more is the pointed inclusion of such a scene in the movie.LOGICAL VERSION OF THE SCENE: He comes into the bathroom. Just as she comes out of hiding and starts getting busy with him, we cut back to the dinner table they have just left. We come back once they've finished.HOW IT REALLY HAPPENS (EVEN IN THE RATED VERSION): We get to be privy to the entire scene oh no, you _see_ nothing, but there is absolutely nothing to this scene beyond the sex and noises. I felt my IQ drop 20 points.This movie had the potential. Sadly, it never reaches that potential. It has a hugely creative setup and showed some of its funniest gags in the trailer, but that's about all you need to know about this movie. I'm astonished it even has any likable quality outside of the porn booth.This movie would be okay and passable were it not for that scene. Yes, it ruined the entire movie for me. I can't even look at it anymore. When a movie stoops this low, there is nothing else to say about it. This movie will suck the intelligence out of you. I just cannot believe that any grown up actor would want to be part of this pile of manure. What on earth were they thinking? It has no redeeming features at all. It suffers from an unbelievable story and even more unbelievable characters. It is a sorry state of affairs when people who are interested in movies (they must be if they are part of IMDb) can say this rubbish is the best comedy they have ever seen. How dumb can you be? I feel really dumb myself because I keep trying to watch Will Ferrell comedy movies-I should know better because there is not one I could say I really liked. The only decent film I have seen him in was Stranger than Fiction. He seems to repeat himself over and over in each movie, none of them with any idea what comedy is. Avoid this, and anything with Ferrell in it, like the plague. You will be less intelligent after watching this crap. If this is the sort of thing that makes you laugh then you are beyond sad. It is witless, dull and without any kind of merit. I was horrified to see that Mary Steenburgen would lend her talents to this pile of ordure. It is though it was written by 15 years olds but not performed as well as 15 year olds would manage. Will Ferrell is his usual lame self and John C Reilly must have felt like he was dying inside - he is so much better than this. To think that an adult would read this script and think that it was worth doing is beyond my comprehension. Everyone involved should be thoroughly ashamed of themselves. It seems to me that anything with Judd Apatow attached to it will be of this sort of quality, likewise Will Ferrell. This movie is about two adults who live with their parents, because they "have not grown up"This is a clear example of a horrible move, but because the media tells us we are going to like it people say its funny. This is not intelligent humor, it is not situational humor. This is humor aimed at children but rated R. This is Will Ferrel at his worst. The two main characters had fun making it - that I am sure of. I decided to give it a complete shot, despite the fact that half of the theater walked out. There are a few funny moments but predictable. Recommendation - Don't see this trash. If you must see this, borrow a friends DVD so that you don't waste any money. This movie was horrible on SOOOOOO many levels. The worst was how total lack of respect for your parents is not only tolerated, but in some cases deemed acceptable. I became so incensed at how the infantile antics of these two 40 something losers were celebrated I had to turn the thing off. It is really sad what Hollywood has decided is comedy these days.More and more it seems that bad behavior and disrespect to others has been deemed acceptable and, in some cases, preferred behavior. Do film makers even think about the message they may be putting out there? Parents have enough to handle without Hollyweird adding to our already full repertoire. I used to like Will Ferrell..but after this, I have my doubts about his quality. This movie is unbelievably stupid...and I don't mean funny stupid, I mean I can't believe anyone would find such basic, simple, absolutely ridiculous jokes and situations, funny. It's an almost impossible task to watch it to the end as they get worse and worse. I felt so bad to have spent my money on such a poor poor comedy-wannabe movie. I just can't understand how this even got to the cinemas. And also how is it possible so many people found it funny?? Think twice before watching it, it doesn't bring anything useful to your life, doesn't even make you laugh. I sorrowfully regret that you've had to be misled by the 6 out 10 rating this movie currently has and because I haven't rated it until now, it is partly because of me.. what a terrible, horrible piece of sh!t, if i do say so myself.Nothing in this movie was at all funny.. and I was drunk! Will Ferrell rolling around on the floor, obnoxiously yelling in his monotone voice, yeah, you got me Hollywood.. the joke was on me.. and on us and just about everyone who coughed up money to see this or even had to endure a preview or a commercial for this flipping thing! Luckily for me, I'm still waiting for my envelope to come in the mail because I'm going to be a millionaire.They owe me twice the exact amount of what it cost to make this movie coupled with what it earned both domestically and worldwide because yes, that terrible. I saw it for free but decided that once it was over and done with, they owed me for having seen it.I was a flinch away from literally punching the person who made me see this -- RIGHT IN THE FACE -- after it was done.. I've never left the theater so p!ssed before unless I had just finished watching a movie with Morgan Freeman in it and he's doing Allstate commercials now so I don't even watch T.V. anymore.That bad. My girlfriend has been wanting to watch this movie. I have already watched about half of it before but had walked out on it. She still insists that we rent it because "it looks funny". My sister rented it and we were watching it with the family and after approximately 35-40 minutes through it.. Everyone got up, and began to do there own thing. The movie is NOT funny whatsoever. Man, after Old Skool.. It all went down hill for Will Ferrel. That Rick Bobby movie sucked, That stupid Ice Skating movie sucked, and every movie after that sucked. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone older than the age of maybe... 8 years old? Okay -- I'm normally a Will Farrell fan, but if there were a movie where you look back and say he jumped the shark, well, this is the one.You can read the summaries of the premise of what the movie is supposed to be, but whatever it is, it just doesn't work. Anyone who thinks the chemistry of Will and John C. Reilley works in this movie has to be smoking the same amount of crack that these guys were while developing the film.I mean really -- two guys in their late 30s (or early 40s) are living separately at home with different parents? At the start of the movie, I didn't know whether to feel sorry for the guys or try and appreciate the humor. Instead, I was looking at my watch -- 10 minutes in. There are lots of cameos from Judd Apatow's crew, and each time you thought to yourself "wow, they were funnier in XXXXXX". To bad...All of the humor throughout the film is directed at an audience somewhere between the 13 year old male and the 17 year old male, because no one with a high school degree would find any entertainment out of the film at all.Is it a bad thing when the highlight of the film is right after the credits when the characters beat the crap out of junior high school kids? I don't know if I laughed because the film was over, or because the film was over.To top it off, I saw this film at the matinée, and I still thought it was a waste of my money. This thing should have gone straight to DVD, or maybe never should have made it to the public ever. If Apatow productions wants to give me and my fiancé's money back, that would be great. God knows I'll never be able to take back those 88 minutes of my life.My last root canal was less painful than this. ...as opposed to improvising and picking the funniest lines, maybe this film would've amounted to something other than just another Ferrell/McKay comedy to stock video store shelves with.But anyways, moving on. I'll start off by saying that I don't get it. I just don't get it. I'd have thought comedy had hit its low with the Seltzerberg movies. Those "films" are the most dreadful excuses for comedies ever. I had put off seeing Step Brothers because I had a bone to pick with Ferrell for that painfully unfunny "Semi Pro". OK SP wasn't that bad, but it did have its moments, which, unfortunately, just never amounted to anything that wasn't "A handful of funny moments that somehow just didn't manage to make a comedy effective".And then there's Step Brothers.Come it's DVD release, everyone raves about it. I'm being called an idiot for not having seen it. Unable to take any more pressure, I rent the movie.This film does have a few funny moments, but they only amount to chuckles. I refer to when Ferrell, dressed as a Nazi, asks his brother "Sprechen zie D--k?", and the music video created by the brothers. Aside from that this just isn't anything new from Ferrell OR McKay. Will Ferrell plays the same character he did in Old School and Reilly does the same, with his character in Talladega.The formula of the film is annoyingly simple: "I'm your step brother, I f--king hate you." *cue music to show how much they hate each other* "GAAAAH I FRACKIN HATE YOU I HATE YOU OK never mind I'm sorry I love you let's go bug mom and dad off." *insert music to show how tight as buds they are* "Hi Will Ferrell, I have a family and am more successful than you losers." *insert music to show the dilly of a pickle they're in*. Now imagine a whole movie 2 hours of that. That in itself is pretty annoying.Furthermore the movie just didn't give me a reason to love these losers. I spent the whole movie rooting for the parents really. It made me feel depressed- me being barely out of my teens I couldn't help but feel for the parents that they're stuck with their jobless loser sons. Moreover, you know something is wrong when Adam Scott and Mary Steenburgen are funnier than Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly in a comedy full of WF and JCR humour.To Adam McKay, PLEASE don't let Ferrell have a hand in writing your next comedy!!! Penises and Masturbation isn't a passable topic for jokes anymore. Teabagging a drum kit isn't funny. A flimsy bunk bed, as you guessed it, isn't funny. Pummelling a playground full of kids isn't funny. And the "Cops" joke??? Are we stuck in the 90s or something? Mind you half the film was improvised, and while this worked for the brilliant Anchorman since that film was a subtle parody of 70s news workplace sexism, it's just bad here.I cry for our society. This doesn't hold a candle to the easily superior Tropic Thunder or Pineapple Express, both of which got released in the same summer as this and are both spectacularly funny. I love Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly. I wasn't expecting anything profound, just some solid laughs. While I laughed here and there the movie never took off; in fact it ran dry early on. There are no real jokes in this movie. It is a series of events in which Ferrell and Reilly act like brats and blurt out outrageous things, which could be funny even. It wasn't. It dragged on until the one premise: Adults acting as children died of exhaustion. It's a shame because these two are capable of so much more. A huge disappointment and I am a fan of both mens work. I would hope that despite this they will work together in the future and that they will find a better script. If you have to see this good luck. I like both actors and most of their movies, but Step Brothers was a 1 hour and 45 minutes of boredom and mixed feelings.I seriously thought that this movies is a comedy but after a 10 or 20 minutes I realised that I did not have any laugh so far, not even a single smile on my face... The movie bet on two points that might make people laugh. One of them is situational comedy but many times so absurd it is not funny at all. More like pathetic or awkward. The other point is Will Ferrell and John Reilly cursing on each other. There was no intelligent humour whatsoever and my first laugh came like 10 minutes before the end.I expected much much more and so this movie is a big disappointment. I hope that these two actors will forget this movie and try to work on something more enjoyable. Terrible. I regretted going and I didn't even pay for this early screening. To be fair, you'd probably like it if you enjoyed Anchorman and other recent Will Ferrell movies. This one just steps up the stupidity. Poor dialog and pointless humor were supposed to be redeemed by being so unpredictable and OVERWHELMINGLY crude. Most jokes are the equivalent of shouting, "Penis!" with the expectation of the audience giggling like kids. Both stars appear pretty desperate to accept these roles. Dozens of people left the theater within thirty minutes and I did after an hour; a friend who stayed said it got worse after I had left. Don't go see this movie. If you do, don't bring a date, parents, mentor, children, or anybody whose respect you crave. 