Personally, I think Talladega Nights is the funniest movie Will Ferrell has ever done so pretty much everything since then has been a slight disappointment (Blades Of Glory, Semi-Pro) and honestly, the first time I watched Stepbrothers I was a little disappointed.But a few months later I popped it in and watched it again and for some reason it was just really funny to me the second time around. It completely grew on me. I think the plot is hilarious, two guys in their 40's still never growing up and still living at home. And I can't think of any better comedy team than Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly to play these parts.I'm probably going to watch this again tonight. It just gets better every time. I liked Ferrel & Reilly as the racing team in "Talladega Nights" but this was even better. The physical comedy was outstanding and the acting itself was pitch perfect. Many critics commented on how well they did given what they had to work with, but I think the script was excellent. Some of the lines were brilliant, but you really have to give the actors credit for improvising. After Ferrell revealed his singing talents when he sang "Let's Give 'Em Something to Talk About", when Reilly gushed on and on about how great he was, and then said "I'm not sure, but towards the end I think I saw you turn into a Unicorn", I lost it. I really lost it when Ferrell's brother & his family were singing in the car "Sweet Child of Mine". It was a real classic.Hell, I think I'll buy this when it comes out on DVD. I can't say that for many comedies ("Anchor Man" is one).Don't miss this one. It's a scream. This rating is affected by weirdo boomers with no sense of awareness & comedy.Both Will Ferrell & John C Reilley are excpetional in this.. but there are also brilliant performances from co starts. (This kind of comedy never wins awards but the level in range acting they show is superb) 11/10 Really funny stuff. Made me laugh a few times lol Will Ferrell has always been known for his stupidly scripted dumb comedies that have made him well known all around. Earlier this year he came out with Semi Pro, which wasn't as great as it could've been but still was a decent comedy. But I just recently saw Step Brothers and literally laughed from the opening credits to the end credits. This movie is definitely a hilarious movie. It was really a great choice to team Ferrell with John C. Reilly again.I was strangely surprised that this got an R rating, but it definitely was worth the R rating. Ferrell continues to make the most pointless movies, but somehow I enjoy all of them because he really just makes you laugh uncontrollably for very long periods of time. I definitely recommend that those of you who haven't better go see Step Brothers in theaters. It was well worth it for me.10/10 Step Brothers (Bill Forrel and John B. Stacy) is perhaps the greatest work of art since Da Vinci's Monal Lisel. I chose to do my movie review on the hilarious comedy step brothers. It got a rating of 54% on rotten tomatoes which means roughly as many people did not enjoy this movie the same amount enjoyed it. It has many well known actors throughout the film including the two main characters, john reilly, and the king of comedy will ferrell, along with many other well known actors, like richard jenkins (father), mary steenburgen (step mother), and adam scott (brother). Although there were many other characters throughout the film these were the main characters throughout the entire film. If i were to give my rating of this film i would give it a 92% because it's an extremely hilarious movie but also has a story behind it but also leaving the 8% space for yes the fact that it is immature but that still doesn't outway the comedy put into this movie.
 
 The plot of the movie first starts off with Brennan Huff (Will Ferrell) and Dale Doback (John C. Reilly) as two men around the age of 40 with something very common. both very lazy and unemployed men who one who lives with his mom Brennan Huff (Will Ferrell) and the other with his dad Doback (John C. Reilly). Both with many excuses of why the aren't on there own living their lives. When at a work conference Brennan's mother and Dale's father meet and hit it off very quickly. they decide to get married and move in together. This makes the two boys very upset and turns their relationship into a war rivalry. But throughout this rivalry start to change and they soon realize that they are very similar and become best friends. But not realizing The way Their actions have impacted their newly wedded parents they soon drive them apart forcing them to get a divorce. With their parents getting the divorce they start to blame each other for the cause which drives them to gain this rivalry back again. As time goes on they both get a job and begin to live on their own to only meet once again at the Catalina wine mixer. At this moment we see that the two boys have grown and matured as men and their parents see that. So the ending of this movie is the start of how they get their life back to the way it was, step parents get back together and they get to act like young childish boys again. Although every film has negatives but this particular films positives outweigh the negatives by a long shot. A big factor that makes this film so good is the great comedian actor will Ferrell. We've seen him throughout many comedy movies including talladega nights, anchorman 1 and 2, elf, get hard, and plenty other comedy movies. What I believe makes will Ferrell such a good actor is the fact that he has one job and this is be blatantly hilarious and just weird and do roles that many actors can't fulfill. One of the best scenes in step brothers is right at the beginning when dale (John C. Reilly) and Brennan (will Ferrell) are sitting down at the first family dinner when Brennan starts to slurp is blue juice and dale doesn't appreciate him doing that in his dad's house so he makes a snobby remark to Brennan so of course he can't let that slide so he decides to say back to dale, "haha I remember when I had my first beer" (Brennan) but if you know dale he can't just let that slide so he says back, "haha I remember when I fell off my dinosaur" (dale). After dale said this to Brennan he must have been to much for him to handle so he started to become emotional and began to cry. We seem really stuck out to me on the comedy side because it's one of the first scenes in the movie and it really brings you into the comedy that you will be seeing in this film. Although this Film has nothing but positives reviews from me every film has negatives. What I can see That's a negative in this film is the immature that goes on, I mean the whole storyline is about 2 forty year old men who live with their parents at home. Another thing would be is this film is definitely not for children it's a film strictly for adults and kids under the age of fourteen should not watch this movie. In conclusion step brothers overdues funny it blows it out of the water and how funny it is. I'd consider this one of my top movies to watch with buddies or even by myself Director Adam McKay really out does himself on this one. But without will Ferrell and John Reilly would this film meets the standards it did? Who knows but overall this films in my books get s 92% rating. I Just got back from the midnight showing of Step Brothers. It is freaking HILARIOUS. I seriously laughed so hard that I almost passed out during the part will Farrel sings for his "step brother". Not a quiet moment in the theater. I never thought I would find another movie that could get more laughs out of me than Superbad, but this movie definitely did it. Don't even think about passing this up, you'll regret it. The movies contains some male and female nudity so use discretion when deciding to bring a younger audience. Phenomenal movie! Will Farrel brings the performance of a lifetime with co-star John C. Reilly. This has to be my all time favourite 'pick me up' film. I find the comedy hilarious.The chemistry between Will Ferrell and John C Reilly is remarkable. I think they are both fantastic actors. Regardless of the silly story line and sometimes pointless scenes, this is still an awesome film. Even the pointless scenes are there for a reason - they are funny!!This film made me watch everything Will Ferrell and John Reilly have starred in. I love both of them and when they come together something magical happens!A year will not go by when I won't watch Brennan and Dale. When Will Ferrell sings Por Ti Volare, even Will Ferrell, I still got goosebumps. It was a tremendous moment in comedy history.Boats and hoes!! Just saw the movie and it's one of the best comedy movies of the year, hands down (can't be sure though, i still have to check out Tropic Thunder and Pineapple Express)!! I've never laughed that hard at a movie, i'm still sweating as i'm writing this from all the laughter i made! Easily, it's Ferrell and Reily's best film to date and Kathryn Hahn was amazingly funny and she nearly stole the film away from Ferrell & Reily! The only thing i know, they are cast her in a lot of movie in the future, she's is absolutely hilarious!! The movie indeed has a lot of swearing & sex (not really bad) but that never stopped the movie from being so good, so you don't have worry about that but don't take your kids that are under 14 years old because in my theater, a mom brought her kid (about 7 or 8) and when the movie was over, she started swearing and repeating the words over and over, the mother was very angry and should of been ashamed of herself for that. Will Ferrell and John C. Reily have excellent chemistry and this isn't the last time they will make together for sure, we will see them again, that i'm sure of. They are the best comedic duo since Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon. So, if you are a Will Ferrell & John C. Reily fan, you'll definitely enjoy this one and laugh yourself silly or if your not a big fan of them both, again you will laugh from beginning to end. Awesome, crazy & supremely funny movie!!!! I saw an early screening of this flick tonight, and I absolutely loved it. When I first saw the Red Band trailer for Step Brothers, I knew immediately this movie was going to be funny. The trailer made me laugh each time I watched it, which is absolutely not common for any comedy movie trailer I've previously seen. But my God, I did not expect the movie to be as funny as it turned out. Will Ferrel and John C. Reilly are comedy gold in this movie. The two of them, Dale(John C. Reilly) and Brennan(Will Ferrel) are two adults that still live with their parents, and because of that both of them are very childish. But once the two come together, you cannot help but laugh. The chemistry between the two is brilliant, and no matter what, you will find yourself laughing your ass off when they're interacting. At first, they're always throwing the most funny and imaginative insults at each other, and once the two become best friends, they're a god damn gut-busting mess. They have such child-like minds at times - one moment in the movie that displays their immaturity is when a girl tells Dale how much she wants to have sex with him, and he has no idea what exactly is happening. He's so confused by the fact a girl is actually hitting on him. Ferrel and Reilly are the reasons why the movie is fantastic, even though a few of the supporting characters, like Brennan's younger brother, are also quite funny. This movie had me in stitches from beginning to end. It was absolutely consistent in laugh-out-loud moments, and I haven't found myself laughing this hard in a film since Superbad. There's one line in the film made the ENTIRE theater laughing uncontrollably, and I'm not going to spoil it, but it involves Dale describing Brennan's singing voice.All in all, Step Brothers is quite possibly the funniest film I have ever seen, and my favorite film of 2008. See it. By far ridiculous, but an amusing riot, Step Brothers may not be the smartest comedy around but it does prove to be one of the most entertaining. The returning pair of Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly make for some great chemistry, as well as longtime collaborator with Will Ferrell, as well as John C. Reilly on a film the three all did together (Talladega Nights), Adam McKay. McKay's solid directing makes for some well executed remarks, and the script, written by both McKay and Ferrell, is easily to blame as well. The acting in the film, besides the two leads, for the most part is not great, though Adam Scott does shine brightly as Will Ferrell's incredibly spoiled brother Derek. In the end, the film is obviously not perfect, but it a fun silly comedy with some excellent situational comedy and a nostalgic sense of wonder.
My Rating: 9.2/10 Thank you to a dear friend suggesting I check out Step Brothers I still love this movie today. Beginning to end it's very funny. Especially the bed scene with John and Will's characters. If you haven't seen it fans of Will Farrell or John C Rielly or not you have to watch it sometime. This movie is so underrated the more I watch it the funnier it gets. The 1st time I watch it I thought it was good but the more you watch the more things you pick up on. OMG, funniest freakin' flick ever!!! I laughed and laughed and laughed until it hurt. I wish they'd make like 13 sequels. Classic John C. Reilly and Will Ferrel making a funny movie, very funny movie, made me laugh a lot, I have this movie on disc and I watch this movie about 5 times a month, this movie is my bible and now that I can rate it I want to give it the best review possible. :) I have three favourite films of all time, they are as follows, in ranking order;Step Brothers,
Schindler's list,
Gandhi.I need not say anymore. One of those movies you should watch before you die, in saying that only if you love to laugh your fricken arse off. Full of amazing lines. WATCH IT NOW!!! So I have seen this film many times over the years from the first time I watched it with my dad I must have seen it roughly 100-150 times in the last 9 years and I can tell you it has aged well. The film is one of my all time favorites and it has me in stitches every time I watch. This type of comedy relies on just childish stupidity and naivety in 40-year-olds and is so ironic it is just so hilarious. The way Will Ferrell and Adam Mckay made this film it keeps you constantly laughing through out and just keeps the jokes coming. There are none of the long pauses to add context to the story, whilst keeping the context of the story with many short and unbearably hilarious breaks from the main skits. This is one of the reasons the film is always laughable and cannot be beaten in my book. Through out the main sequences, the use of ironic humour is constant and even though at some points slightly over used it is inescapable and funny as hell. This is due to a number of awkward scenes, such as when the entire family are eating dinner for the first time and the two go back and forth with immature and petty insults like "I remember when I had my first beer". this line said at dinner whilst Will (Brennan) is sipping on blue gator aid like a small child and then when met with a retaliation from John (Dale) proceeds to wail and cry. That is just one example of the Immature and hilarious moments in this film and give the audience an easy laugh by making them feel superior to the morons on screen. This, I believe is why the film has been so successful and why it is a classic, in my opinion, this is one of the best comedy films ever. I would write more, but this is my first review and I wanted to keep it rather short and concise. If you haven't seen the film I highly suggest it and if you have, watch it again. thanks for reading hope you enjoyed it. C_S_S_D I don't got much to spare for comedies in general because they often tend to play on over used slap stick humor, but this one, this. I have seen it probably 5 times by now and I laugh more for each time I watch. Brilliant chemistry between Will Ferrell and John C. Reilley and great performances.If you don't find this plot and movie funny at all, you sir/madam need to see a comedic doctor This movie had me laughing from start to finish, literally. Now I'm a fan of Will Ferrell, but after being not so pleased with "stranger than fiction" I gave this a try because John C. Reily's in it, and he was very good in "Walk Hard" . After I saw this movie, I knew these two actors must be destined together to make an excellent comedy like this.Two 40 year old men who hate each other because they're step brothers. And what makes it more funny is that they don't even have jobs, and they live in with their parents. Now I can relate to having a step brother, hell, I still hate the bastard even now.The drum room scene was the best in the whole movie, I nearly cried of laughter. But every scene had me dead of laughter. It's genius! So far, this is still the funniest movie for me, it even beats the recent "hangover" movie. When Will Ferrel puts his comedy face on, he's just unstoppable. John C. Reily was also a great addition to this movie. After seeing his performance in Walk Hard, I knew that I'd expect some very good laughs, and it did that for me, plus it exceeded my expectations. I'm calling this the movie of the year 2008. If I don't see anything funnier than this movie this year, it will get movie of the year 2009 as well. 10/10 for genius and funny humor. Step Brothers is about two single middle aged people who fall in love and soon after get married and of course decide to move in together. There's only one small problem with that because both of them have 40 year old sons who have been used to their parents spoiling them and they have lived at home for their whole lives so now Brennan and his mother Nancy, are moving in with Robert and his son Dale. Naturally, Brennan and Dale don't hit it off at all, which results in a lot of bickering and pulling pranks on the other while their newly married parents are getting tired of their extreme behaviour, their attitude having been spoiled their entire life and pretty much the parents went them to each get a job and move out. This is a much more difficult task than it sounds for these two men who might need to learn to get along together in order to keep their parents together. For the past few weeks the last few films I have been reviewing with the exception of Mamma Mia, have been big Hollywood blockbuster superhero films and as I have stated in those reviews, I was getting tired of those films very fast and other than one or two real knockout films this year, overall it has been quite a weak year for films. Just when I was starting to lose hope for this summer's film line-up, along comes Step Brothers and apart from some critics who just didn't seem to get the film, I personally thought it was great. The film starts off and has continually running through it for most of the time a darker tone to the story and a style which I really got into and admired. Also the film had it's own originality and surely made itself different than a lot of recent comedies. Like some of the more recent R rated comedies, it does rely on a lot of crude and sexual humour, but the writing is all very sharp here and I admit I'm not one to laugh out loud easily, or at all, but this film had me laughing quite hard a couple of times and I was really enjoying myself. The movie also had a different style and tone to it for a mainstream comedy because of the darker tone it starts out with and while it does use a lot of crude humour and gags, it also uses sharp writing and the comic talents of the two main actors involved to pull off some of this material. Some of the funniest and sharpest scenes are just between the two stepbrothers arguing with each other because the writing is on target and the performances completely pull it off. When, I say this film had a darker tone to the first half of it, I don't mean that it's a bleak and depressing film, no, not at all. What I'm more referring to is a more unique and sometimes morbidly funny situations and not morbid because they are gross, or anything like that, but from watching such dysfunction there is a great deal of humour to it, but if you were to live in a family like that one would have to seek therapy, so I think you are beginning to see what I mean by dark. There are a number of feel good parts in the film and overall I left the film in a very good mood after laughing so hard. Normally a film like this wouldn't be the type of thing that I would give a perfect rating to, but for being darker and more original and having top notch comedic performances, writing and just the fact that I haven't laughed at a movie like this in awhile is why I'm giving this film that rating and I'd go as far as to say it's one of the best comedies this year so far. Hopefully next month's schedule of comedies like Pineapple Express, Tropic Thunder and Hamlet 2 will also do the job. Totalt the best comedy! I totally love this movie and i start to laugh the first few minutes.
They have consider so many details of how it is to be a teenager living with another teenager!Just take a beer, relax and watch this movie! It is totally awesome. One of the greatest pieces of comedy ever made, right up there with superbad & pineapple express Step Brothers Movie ReviewThis movie will give you the best time ever; however, it is for mature audiences ONLY. If you are not over, at least 18, this movie may not be for you. If you like extremely crude humor, you will definitely fall in love with this movie. This movies curses all the time and sexual humor is also involved. Also, as most movies do, this one has a moral.Step Brothers has extremely crude humor and will make anyone laugh and have a good time. Step Brothers uses crude humor as one of its primary sources of comedy. The brothers act very rudely towards each other and their parents in the beginning of the movie in a very comical way. A quote to prove this statement is one that takes place when the two brothers are grounded and Brennan Huff (Will Ferrell) says, "This house is a f***ing prison, on planet bull sh**, in the galaxy of 'this sucks camel d****!'" Another aspect that this movie shares with its crude humor, is its sexual humor. Although Step Brothers doesn't use sexual humor quite as much as it does crude humor, it still learns to use it in a very humorous way. A situation in the movie to prove its sexual humor is a scene in which Dale Doback (John C. Reilly) doesn't want Brennan Huff (Will Ferrel) to touch his drum set. Brennan Huff (Will Ferrel) then threatens to put his genitals on Dale Doback's (John C. Reilly's) drum set, and proceeds to do so.As fun and humorous as this movie can be, some bad elements go into it as well. People may not like the fact that this movie introduces a rather stupidity type of humor. Also the fact that many things that show up in this movie, aren't at all relatable to the ongoing story happening throughout the movie; However, this movie still shows a good side to all of the characters and a good story.As most movies do, Step Brothers has a very good moral to its story. The moral is, in my opinion, that people need to learn to push through their differences and get along. This moral goes very well with the story for reasons such that the two brothers are meeting each other for the first time and absolutely hate each other. Throughout the movie, they learn that they actually have a few things in common and learn to push through their differences, and become best friends, or in this case, brothers.Do step brothers really act this way? Maybe they do, maybe they don't, this movie says they do. Watch for the end of the movie in which the brothers get a little present. 