"Mrs. Doubtfire" is an extremely funny and heartfelt film. It has tons of laughs as well as tears, this is definitly Robin Williams' best film. Watching williams do voices as well as play Mrs. Doubtfire is a real treat. Also the supporting cast of actors do an excellent job, I highly reccomend it. I was a young girl the first time I saw Mrs. Doubtfire. I was introduced to the movie by my parents. While some of the movies lines are "inappropriate", I still think that the movie is a Important and heartwarming film that every family should watch together. Despite the Films PG-13 rating, I don't really see anything inappropriate about the film. If anything people can watch the film to see the comedic genius that (was) Robin Williams. People can also learn a wonderful message from the form. No family is perfect, and sometimes families won't be together but that doesn't mean that there is no love. Love is sprinkled all throughout this film and that's probably what makes it's withstand the test of time. While Robin Williams is sadly no longer with us, his comedic timing and adlibbing of fantastic one liners will live on forever through Mrs. Doubtfire and so many other wonderful films. I encourage every family to watch this film together, it will touch your life forever. R I P to one of the best actors Robin Williams
You gave so much value to the filmography Great family movie! Robin Williams excels again! Haven't laughed so much since the Birdcage when Williams outdid himself once again! Don't just rent this one, buy it! It's worth watching over and over again. Sally Field brings a wonderful touch to the movie too. My family really enjoyed the "tea scene with the social worker". And let's not forget the "cooking scene" that goes haywire! This movie will have you laughing hysterically over and over again at the many comedic scenes. Can't wait to see what 2007 will bring with the new release of Mrs. Doubtfire II. All I can say is "What took so long?" Make this a family night & enjoy! Add this to your collection, you won't regret it! RIP ROB the world loves you. This movie was my childhood favorite and decided to re watch it again after so many years. Still so many heartwarming tears. Great plot not many movies out there like this anymore. Mrs. Doubtfire is a great comedy for many reasons. 1.) Robin Williams is brilliant in almost any movie he makes, including this movie. 2.) It's great for the whole family which is kind of rare. 3.) It shows that a man can absolutely love his children and want to be a part of their lives. 4.) The music fits the movie and is great. 5.) It's heart-warming as well as funny. This is one of the best movies of Fall-Dawn funny, comical, and impressive.Daniel Hirard, played by Robin Willams, who is losing his job are declared divorce by his wife. And he has to separate from his wife and 3 children.One day, he decide he will be housekeeper to meet his family. He makes up and become MRS.DOUATFIRE....I really like this movie because this is a family comedy movie and it is warming movie. The plot teach us about importance of family. The performance are amazing and powerful all around. I would have never thought that I would see Robin Williams dress up as a sixty-something year old Nanny.  Never in my entire life.  I first thought that this movie would be a waste of my time.  I was dead wrong.  This movie is hilarious.  Robin Williams is excellent as a divorced man, in order to get closer to his kids, dresses up as a nanny of his ex-wife.  Sally Field is very good as Robin's ex-wife.  The entire movie is very good.Overall the whole movie is excellent with good direction and acting. Rating 10 out of 10. Mrs. Doubtfire is for sure a movie you can't miss. One of Robin Williams best. Really shows you the meaning of love between a single father and his children. What an absolutely delightful film. Let's just start with the Performances. Robin Williams gives an energetic, wonderful and talented performance. He should have won an Academy Award. The rest of the cast, containing are truly brilliant with their supporting jobs. Neither one tries to outdo their role, making sure that the limelight stayed on Robin Williams. It is a film that as incredibly funny in so many ways, yet at the some time saddening. It addresses an issue that confronts many children, the issue of divorce. The film confronts this issue without making a joke of it or making the film depressing. The portrayal of a family is so superb in this film that it will live for generations to come. It is an outstanding motion picture that leaves the audience with laughs and tears, a rare combination making in one of Hollywood's finest. Robin Williams outdoes himself in Mrs. Doubtfire, and that's saying something considering how much I admire Robin Williams'talent.He combines his dramatic and comedic talents in other movies such as "Good Morning Vietnam" and "Dead Poets Society" and does the same in Mrs. Doubtfire.I can't help thinking that we see the real Robin Williams in this movie, as well as others that I mentioned.It's hard to imagine someone pulling off playing the character diversity needed in Mrs. Doubtfire better than Williams.Mrs. Doubtfire can't be fully appreciated unless it's seen. Robin Williams gives us his best in this film. It seems that the role was meant for him. He has a granny-type face and with a wig over his head - et voilà the transformation is complete!This is an emotional film as well as a comedy. We feel deeply moved as Robin's character in the film is forced to take steps to be united with his children and at the same time look for a new job as well. He balances these tasks with incredible finesse and this should be seen to be believed. The love he feels from is children is warm and heartfelt. It seen that the happiness of his children is all that he wants in life and we see it during the court scene near the end of the film.The film has its phases: a comedic opening and a sacking, fight with the wife and eventual separation, beginnings of a transformation, the complete transformation and moving in with his kids plus dramatic change in lifestyle(!), fight with his wife's new playboy boyfriend (played by the handsome Pierce Brosnan) and eventual discovery of his identity. Then we have a court scene at the end..... and well..... all's well that ends well ???Now the ending of the film disappointed me. Is there no compromise and can't a couple rediscover themselves again and restart their married life again? NO! But is is the fashion in an American society - if you don't like your spouse divorce and get another and another and another till either of you DIE OF AIDS (or something like that). Marriage is NOT A JOKE but a pairing of two souls that is sacred (remember the saying till death do we part?). Breaking that bond is an INSULT TO GOD.Even in the most extreme of situations divorce can be prevent by marriage counseling.Those of you that are married for many years can appreciate what I am trying to say. God created the first man, Adam. Then God created Eve from Adam, and he named her Woman as she came from Man. Then he gave her to Adam to be his companion, friend and lover (his wife), and they were the first couple on Earth.MAY GOD BLESS YOU ALL. Mrs. Doubtfire (1993) is a comical and yet heartfelt movie about a married couple who get divorced. Daniel Hilliard (Robin Williams) and Miranda Hilliard (Sally Field) get a divorce after many years of marriage and three great children. Daniel wants to stay together and work it out, to be with his kids, but Miranda disagrees. During the divorce, Daniel can only see his children once a week and that is not enough for him. Daniel decides to take matters into his own hands, with his unique characteristics as an actor in the film he disguises himself as British nanny named Mrs. Doubtfire to watch over the children while Miranda works so he can spend time with his children. Over time he spends more time with his children and helps them cope with the divorce and also betters himself along the way.I believe Mrs. Doubtfire is one of the best family films of its time and still today. It has a great story line and many emotional parts in the film that can bring families together. I have seen this film numerous times from when I was a young kid to an adult and every time it is still funny and heartwarming to me. I believe everyone should see this film and enjoy Robin Williams at his best as a British nanny.Mrs. Doubtfire was directed by Chris Columbus. I feel that Columbus does an excellent job directing the film. The unique story is portrayed as if the audience was right in film living the story. The audience can sense the emotion and closeness of the actors in the film and how great a job each scene is. I believe Columbus was trying to tell viewers that even when parents get divorced the children are always loved so much by both and will do anything to be with them. The director really portrays the feelings and emotions of families during hard times. This film is definitely one of my favorite films of all time and I love watching it with my family. This movie is a story for those who think that justice can never win. It can win, that's the message. As you follow the attempt of the father to win the favor of his kids and his self-centered wife, you will be shaken. The attempt on the end pays for itself and you can enjoy the victory of real-life humanity over carrier-centered woman. Robin Williams is a rare actor with a certain message in his roles; he is really sympathetic and humanity centered. There is a lot of funny things going on, so prepare to laugh. I just don't know one thing - how it can be in real life that such an average looking man like Robin Williams (just like me), can marry such a gorgeous looking lady, like in this movie! I guess there are a lot of family problems in this life. If you got some, this movie can bring you hope that they can be overcome, by God's grace. My 12-yr-old daughter put in this classic ... yes, classic ... to watch again. We've seen it many times and it never misses on making us laugh.
Robin Williams is one of my favorite actors. His energy is a joy to watch. It's a wonderful funny, heartwarming, poignant film. Definitely rated 10/10. An average score of 7 out of 10? Seriously!? This comedy classic is well deserving of the highest ratings, any low scores (looking at you Roger Ebert, though not the only time your "professional opinion" has been wrong) are just wrong
Anyhow, this is undoubtedly Robin's finest work and the best example of his physical and vocal comedy, the best example of his energy and improvisational skills all while reigning it in for the necessary emotional serious scenes and really pulls on your heartstrings (having grown up with divorced parents myself, this hits home harder than most)
It is a shame a sequel was never done but I'm so glad there's been no rumours of a reboot or remake as the charm would not be there especially without Robin with us
I cannot recommend this movie enough, it's got humour, heart and the unbeatable talents of Robin Williams a true comedic genius may he rest in peace Very funny and Robin William's is amazing. Love it! Pierce Brosnan is perfect as the boyfriend and the kids are good. Really creative, most goes to Robin William's performance. Great movie to watch with kids and family. There are some actors who shine with their own light when put into the right environment and Robin Williams was one of those. From his long career (which was interrupted too precociously) we can count on several good films, some more famous or popular than others. However, it was through comedy that he stood out and, here, he had the whole film to show everything he could do. The result is one of the funniest and most addictive comedies I've ever had the pleasure of watching. In fact, Williams performance is the film's nerve core, supporting the action, the cast, the script, everything. The story revolves around a loving father whose professional instability prevented from maintaining partial custody of his children when divorce comes, thereby deciding to disguise himself as a woman to spend more time with his children. So we also have a beautiful and edifying moral background: the importance of family ties and paternal love. We cannot fail to observe the convincing way the makeup artists disguised Williams. The film also has the meritorious participation of Sally Field and Pierce Brosnan, in a more humorous record that is relatively unusual for the actor. It's ages that i don't have seen a American comedy that makes me laugh like this one ! The most recent dates from 2007 with « Good luck Chuck ». Maybe it's because my genes with tasteful french comedies, maybe it's because American ones are too much about spoofs, wealthy people, too much sophisticated and prude and not enough natural and telling about normal lives! Another explanation is that American movies were much original in the 90s that since the 2K! It has not anymore great talent in that field : So, Robin was an extraordinary one and this « Mrs Doubtfire » puts really the fire ! The idea is simple and appeals to all and the movie really knows how to play with that proximity ! But what i particularly likes here is that for one time, the good guy is mean ! Robin wants to make his rival played by the excellent phlegmatic and cool Brosnan bit the dust and he does what he needs ! His relationships with his kids are moving and it was good to meet back the teen from « matinée » ! It's also a good analysis of what divorce is about and it's played in a way that is OK for kids. So it's really a real family movie, the kind that is not produced any more today and to conclude with my title, it looks like Robin tackles in one movie what had done Dustin Hofman in two ! Robin Williams has such range and had this unique ability to make the audience fall in love with him. Not too many actors have that range and not too many movies can entertain such a wide range of audience.The story fallows Robin Williams character who loses custody of his 2 adorable children. This breaks his heart as well as the viewers and so he creates a character Mrs. Doubtfire who becomes their nanny. The story is pretty basic but it's what happens withing the script, the interactions scenes that create the story that makes this movie so much fun to watch. Robin william did such a great acting job in this movie. I have watched this movie many times before. So clearly I live the movie a lot as you can tell. But I am gonna tell you why it is such a great movie that everyone should watch. The acting, characters, characters development, plot and story line are all so greatly done. You could tell that mrs. Doubtfire cares about his kids a lot and just want to be around them. Robin william did a good job acting as a person who loved there kids so much that when the divorce happen he pretend to be a women babysitter so he a Could still be around them. That was done so well. This is a family friendly movie and so far one of the best things I have seen robin william act in. The movie is funny and silly but also serious at times too. The director did a great job making this movie. You could tell he put his all into the movie. I highly recommend this movie to everyone no matter the age. I think everyone should watch this movie at least once in there life. I know I will be watching this many more times to come becuse it that good of a movie. This movie happens to be one of the funniest films. 'Mrs. Doubtfire' is one of my favourite comedy films of all time for many reasons. For one, it was directed by Chris Columbus, who has worked on classics such as 'Home Alone' and 'Only The Lonely', for another reason many of my favourite songs such 'Walk Like A Man' by The Four Seasons and 'Luck Be A Lady' by Frank Sinatra comprise the soundtrack but the main reason of all is that it tackles a very important issue, the affects a marital separation can have on a family. The late Robin Williams was the man ( or lady....or man... or......oh forget it! ) for the job as Daniel Hillard, an out of work actor who takes on the task of housekeeper for his estranged wife. Though highly popular on its release, some critics gave it a right hammering. One poor fool compared it unfairly to Dustin Hoffman's 'Tootsie'. Apart from the fact that the two lead character's dress up in drag, I see no similarities between the two films whatsoever.Daniel Hillard is an out of work actor who following his resignation from his job is to be divorced from his dragon of a wife Miranda. He manages to secure himself another job as well as getting himself a new apartment but is only limited to seeing his children once a week. Desperate to see his children more regularly, he disguises himself as an old woman and applies for the job of housekeeper at Miranda's house after she advertises for help. He goes under the name Mrs. Doubtfire and manages to endear himself to the children. However it is only a matter of time before the act is blown.Well, what can one say except it is brilliant from start to finish. Robin Williams is hilarious as the lead character, particularly in the scene where his false boobs catch fire when he is trying to cook. Sally Field makes for a suitably snobbish Miranda. Also doing a good job are Lisa Jakub, Matthew Lawrence and Mara Wilson ( who later landed the leading role in the big screen adaption of Roald Dahl's 'Matilda' ). Also appearing in supporting roles are Pierce Brosnan, Polly Holiday, Anne Haney, Harvey Firestein and Robert Prosky.Having been the victim of a broken family ( my mother and father divorced when I was 10 years old ), I can relate only to well to 'Mrs. Doubtfire'. The affects of a divorce can have a deeply devastating affect on a family and I feel that Randi Mayem Singer and Leslie Dixon ( who wrote the script ) really nailed it. It also shows wonderfully just how far some parents will go to have time with their children.Some years ago talk was rife of 'Mrs. Doubtfire 2' but it thankfully never came to anything. I fail to see how they could have credibly conceived a sequel as everything that needed to be said and done was already done in the first film.A timeless classic which one can never tire of watching!Funniest moment - the 'boobs catching fire' sequence. ''My first day as a woman and I am getting hot flushes!'' says Daniel! I love this incredible movie, but it was released when I was personally struggling with my marriage. Consequently, I have trouble viewing it today only because it brings up the emotions and feelings that I experienced during these most painful and difficult trying times of my life. We didn't make it. And after an acrimonious four year ordeal that took everything that I had worked for, for my family, it brought me to the brink of bankruptcy.Excellent movie and I still miss Robin to this day. We were born in the same year. Love you Robin! 