Peter Sellers was Peter Sellers. Steve Martin is Steve Martin. In the same way, Steve Martin's Inspector Jacques Clouseau is a totally new creation, as uniquely Martin's as the original was uniquely Sellers'. The essential details are the same: the ridiculous accent, the unique level of incompetence, the tendency to karate-chop the air on reflex. But instead of trying to emulate Sellers, Martin fills out the character with his unique brand of goofiness. By the end of the movie, I had totally accepted Steve Martin as the new Inspector Clouseau, never once trying to compare him to Peter Sellers.The film starts out with narration by Kevin Kline as Chief Inspector Dreyfus (Herbert Lom's character in the older films). The narration contains a few groan-worthy clichés but only exists long enough to set up the plot. Kevin Kline sometimes struggles to keep his French accent straight, but he makes up for it later in the movie with his willingness to be the butt of several gags.The movie then moves to one of its high-points: the credits. An animated version of Steve Martin's Clouseau chases after the famous Pink Panther to a traditional rendition of Henry Mancini's theme. The sequence is not only the cartoon cat's funniest appearance so far (Must be happy to be doing something other than insulation commercials), but it's a treat for fans of the original films willing to indulge. Several moments pay tribute to the animated sequences of the Peter Sellers films, including "A Shot in the Dark." Then the real movie begins. Steve Martin shines as Inspector Clouseau, nailing the ridiculous accent perfectly. It even varies slightly from Sellers'. The plot is that of a conventional murder mystery, a nice change from the muddled plots of the previous movies. It's even possible for the viewer to spot the clues.Steve Martin's Clouseau has been upgraded from mere idiot to idiot savant. He's accident prone, absent minded, and slow on the uptake, but when he's got time to sit down and think it's not hard to believe he's capable of solving the case.Beyonce's character, while important to the plot, actually gets only a small amount of screen time. Her role requires only average acting talent. She may not be the most competent actress, but she is very competent when it comes to giving the camera absolutely smoldering stares.I found myself rooting for Martin to solve the case and get the girl. No, not Beyonce. Emily Mortimer as Dreyfus' scatterbrained secretary. She and Martin have great chemistry, as do Martin and sidekick Jean Reno. There's a real warmth in the relationship between Clouseau and Reno's character. The tired routines that were recycled so many times in the original films are thankfully gone, though there are several subtle nods to those familiar with the older films. While, sadly, the movie never once reaches the level of hilarity the originals did, the laughs are steady, the story flows nicely, and the characters are extremely likable. The movie may or may not appeal to fans of the original movies, but fans of Martin, especially the young ones acquainted with him (as well as director Shaun Levy) from the "Cheaper by the Dozen" movies, will love it. I can't say it's a "great movie" because it probably wasn't. However, I was too busy laughing to notice. I honestly don't remember the last time I've laughed that hard, which is what this type of movie is supposed to be about.It actually has a reasonable plot line, etc. when compared to other slapstick type movies, but that is not what makes it a great movie. This movie is about laughing, pure and simple--if you're looking for more than that, go see something different. If nothing else, just hearing actors that are pretty familiar run around with an (intentionally) ridiculous french accent makes it worthwhile. Well, going in, I really expected that I was going to be be disappointed. Since I am a long time fan of the original Pink Panther movies, I knew it was a tall order to even come close. To my delight, however, I was pleasantly surprised. Even though I love Peter Seller's portrayal of Clouseau, it didn't stop me from enjoying Steve Martin's take on the role. The chemistry of the cast is good and the storyline moves along in an interesting and entertaining way. Kevin Klein does a good job playing the egocentric Chief Inspector and Jean Reno and Emily Mortimer provide good support. Don't let the jaded critics discourage you from seeing this funny movie. Go and enjoy an evening of light, well-executed silly, comic fun. I really hope they make a sequel! I've been psyched to see this movie for a long time. It seems like it has taken forever to make it to the theater. I was concerned to say the least. Firstly, I am a huge Sellers fan. I have seen every one of his movies that I have been able to get my hands on. I am also a huge Martin fan, Dirty Rotten Scoundrels is by far my fav of his, so I had this dread that I would have to choose a favorite Clouseau, much like a child of divorce would be asked to choose the mother or the father. Forget it. Comparasins are unfair and only seek to create bias'. I love both Martin and Sellers in the same role for different reasons. Do not watch this movie and think of Martin as an imitator of Sellers and you will enjoy it all the more. Second. I don't know what the critics are complaining about. The humour of this movie is well thought out with gags constantly being set up and paid off throughout. The critics seem to blast the movie for lack of plot. Who cares that much about plot in comedy? I often get ticked off when "comedies" sacrifice comedy for plot, it's like "Oh God, now they gotta do plot advancement, I'm going to the bathroom." Because do you know what you get if you concentrate too much on plot? You get a drama. That would be the frowning thespian mask. If I'm kept laughing I really don't notice plot. The Marx Brother's Paramount movies come to mind. Duck Soup, Horsefeathers, and the others really didn't have much plot either, but they were hilarious. Honestly, nobody goes to a movie saying "I'm looking to see a movie with a nice sound plot without any holes."? If they do, they probably go alone. No. Most people go saying: "I want to laugh!" "I wan't to cry." "I want to see stuff blow up!" I went to The Pink Panther saying, "I want to laugh." I did. In fact, you know how you feel a little tired from a good comedy because you laughed so much that you got a workout? Well, I'm a little sore. Finally, I end on one small criticising remark. I was disappointed that Clouseau solved the crime with intelligence and observation rather than having it fall into his lap. For me the charm of the character Clouseau in the old movies was the fact that he bumbled and did everything wrong only to end up solving the case. Other than that, I highly recommend The Pink Panther. It's even worth the evening price for a ticket. Peter Seller was the first Clouseau! Martin is the funnier Clouseau! I liked old Pink Panther movies but I loved this One. Just like the older Pink Panther movies there is no nudity or bad words, but still it is very funny. I and my wife were laughing for hours after the movie ended.There are very few movies that are equally funny for the parents and kids. I like Cartoons and I take my kids to watch them, but there are no just plain funny movies that all family can go to. I will take my 4 year old to see it and I think he will love it just as much as I did. to fill, and came away almost scot-clean. Although not quite up to Sellers in the comedic timing department. He is very much his equal in the mangling of whatever language he was trying to speak. I have all of the previous Panther installments in my video library, and treasure them greatly. I always laugh out loud whenever I view them. I believe this installment will bring me the same pleasure. I took my 14 year old daughter, and she as well was rolling in her seat. As was the entire theater we were in. And as always, when a comedic masterpiece has been viewed by the 10-16 year old male audience, you will hear the funniest lines quoted all the way out of the theater. "Ah wood lock to bah uh AM-bourg-air!" Instant Classic! Funniest movie of the year. I'm surprised at all the 1's voted for this movie- I know for a fact the majority of 1's are from people who haven't seen this movie. Don't judge a book by its cover and certainly don't judge a movie by its trailer! The funniest parts were not from the trailer! In fact the movie can be classified as funny non-stop- the excitement of Steve Martin's portrayal has to rank up as one of the most unpredictable and funniest since Jim Carrey's "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective." I do hope this movie does good at the box office and has a sequel because I'd love to see Steve Martin as the Inspector again. He was perfect for the part.And I have to say, Hamburgers have an affect on everyone, not just the Inspector. Though, I think not many people have a problem saying it like Clouseau. My Wife and I are BIG FANS of both Peter Sellers and Steve Martin. We had a Great Time and this film will be a great stepping off point for the next Pink Panther series ! Steve Martin is GREAT as Inspector Jacques Clouseau, everyone will find a cast member they will enjoy Beyonce does a great job as the girlfriend of the victim with a heart and shows more depth and craft with each film, Jean Remo (loved him in The Professional and Ronin) does a great job and deserves to return. Kevin Kline did well and there were times if you closed your eyes you almost heard Herbert Lom.Time is short, money can be wasted, and there are few weekends until a film passes forever to Video. This is one worth seeing at the Cinema, you can take you Kids or GrandKids to and not be ashamed; and Peter Sellers would be proud of Steve Martin's writing AND Performance ! Well Done ! I went to see The Pink Panther with some trepidation. I had not heard a great deal about this film prior to its release. That's usually not a good thing. Steve Martin's efforts over the past few years have been confined to "feel good" family comedies. That's not an approach that would fit a film needing a good amount of physical comedy wrapped in a sense of absurd irony. And how do you replace Peter Sellers.....? Steve Martin has pulled often something I thought impossible. He has made a very, very funny movie in the tradition of the original Pink Panther without replicating every scene and plot development. It had some familiar moments but things kept getting turned upside down (keep the globe scene in mind!).His speech and mannerisms did not conflict with my memories of Peter Sellers at all and I really learned to appreciate Martin for the genius that he is. I never thought ordering a hamburger could be so funny.The supporting cast is stellar. It is hard to beat Kevin Kline and Jean Reno in any film. Beyonce looked fine, as usual, but it was that secretary that caught my interest. I haven't knowingly seen her in other films but I will make a point to look up her resume - very alluring and refreshing.This film is great for all ages. My son is thirteen and he laughed harder than I did from start to end. The film ran almost two hours but I didn't notice it. This was by far the funniest movie I've seen in a long, long time. Having been a fan of the Peter Seller movies, I wasn't quite sure what to expect, but was very pleasantly surprised. Steve Martin's Clouseau was comic genius, his accent very well done - Jean Reno was very good as his "straightman", very different from other roles I've seen him do. Kline was a good Dreyfuss, but his accent kept faltering, which was disappointing as it was quite good in "French Kiss".Without giving too much away, the cameo appearance was an unexpected surprise....It was good to go to a theater and hear people laughing out loud for a change. Enjoy! I know that Steve Martin is not as Peter Sellers but he wants to make fun like him. Shawn Levy has make a progress in his career with this film, I think he has been very reliable with the other Pink Panther's films except for introducing a partner for Clouseau in place of Cato but that is not important. The great Kevin Kline do a perfect role of Chief Inspector Dreyfuss as Steve Martin as Clouseau. Jean Reno is very happy at working in this film as Clouseau's partner and Beyonce Knowles is better in this film than in Austin Powers. I think the bad comments of the movie they have been written by people who don't know nothing about the Pink Panther and they don't look at the good side of comedy. If I were a critic I would be one of the best in this world and I thank the people who say that the Pink Panther is a very funny film. I think this film is great and with a great cast and with a great fun. The new Pink Panther movie is hysterical...and so worth the price of admission. The movie trailers for this film suck, and the critics have apparently been giving it a bad reputation...but this film is the funniest thing I have seen in years.Granted I am a huge Steve Martin fan, and I have loved the Pink Panther series since I was a kid....but my friends will back me up on this. We laughed so hard at this movie that our eyes looked like we had been sobbing all night.There was no way to replace Peter Sellers, but Steve Martin made the character his own. I really was able to watch this movie without thinking about the way Peter Sellers would have done it. And the film itself had great Blake Edwards-esquire slapstick comedy.Now I don't want to praise this film so much that I raise expectations to an unreachable level...but this film deserves much better press than it has been getting, and is definitely worth checking out. I know there's a lot of people who have a tendency to hate films because the original actor didn't play the role. I loved Sellers performance as Jacques Clouseau but this movie does well on it's own merits.The comedic timing is done very well. Steve Martin does his version of the character very true to the original. Jean Reno takes a backseat for as a Cato-like character but does well in that respect.All in all a great comedy film, I hope to see more of the same if they decide to do sequels, which if this film is any indication there will be more. I went and saw this movie Wednesday night with my wife and i had a blast. It is by far the best movie i seen Steve martin do since his comeback in the movie business.I laughed so hard that i had tear coming out of my eyes it was that funny. I hope they make the sequel to it and he plays in them also. Some of the funniest are when he hooked the box to himself and used it, How he searches every room with the quote. "The weather sure is nice outside today", How he hooked up the battery cable wrong and the old guy went backwards instead of forward at a high rate of speed.Beyonce played a good role in this picture. Hopefully she can get her movie career started with this one by getting a lead movie role. Can't forget she look fine as ever in those outfits she was wearing they really showed off her booty *s*.I would recommend people to see this movie. And i am planning to go see it again this weekend with my wife again. And will buy it on DVD when it comes to DVD. Again people who saw this should give this movie a 10 out of 10 it was one of the best movies with Steve Martin in it. Die hard funny must see movie with family or a good first date movie or a loved one. Our family found this film to be funny and enjoyable for a Saturday afternoon. It was obvious the audience (mixed ages) had a good time by how the theater was constantly laughing and at the end many were clapping, it has been a very long time that we have gone to a show that got this kind of response that did not have to do with animated creatures and young children. The critics panned it because it has no sex (thankfully it is not Brokedown Panther), violence or even major crude humor, yes it is a slapstick comedy, reminds us of the old style comedies from the past. Take a sense of humor and just allow the movie to entertain you and you will have fun. BTW we liked Steve Martin in Sgt. Bilko and Bowfinger because he does not play a depressed middle aged man questioning his life like in his other films. I've seen all the original peter Sellers films and thought they were fun, but i loved Steve Martin's take On Inspector Jacque Clousea, i didn't expect much from, this movie and the trailer did nothing for me, but when i sat in the theatre, it was just laugh out loud Hilarious, especially the scene where clousea was trying to annunciate the word Hamburger,and ends up saying DamBurguer, i want a Damburgeur!lol Classic, Beyonce was fun and Great in it Jean reno and Kevin Kleind were awesome to, this Movie Brings Pink panther Back to True form for a new generation! Great Movie Great fun, cant wait for the Sequel! !0 out 0f 10 I was holding this movie in a great consideration that I would probably like it, but not *as* a Clouseau flick. Like, it would be a fine comedy in its own respects, but it would not hold up as a new installment in the series.Boy, was I wrong.Maybe it's not the best Clouseau I've seen (by far, A SHOT IN THE DARK holds that title), but it's definitely good enough to transcend surface values only. It has the same spirit, the same spunk, as the Peter Sellers movies.As well, Steve Martin has really done it again.My one REAL complaint about the movie: Beyonce. Why, why, why??? Oh well, she's just a Brussels' sprout amidst the otherwise DELICIOUS main course - even if her presence was annoying in and of itself, she was easy enough to flick away and forget.Well-done!! Jean Reno was the star of this great movie. Yes, Steve Martin was funny as hell but thanks to Jean he was even funnier. Jean is so underrated I remember how great he was in the Professional. HEY JEAN KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK. I saw all of the Pink Panther firms, this is by far the best. Pink Panther 1964 a 9, Shot in the dark a 8, the rest about a six. By far the pink Panther of 2006 is the best. I remember seeing Steve Martin in many firms as well as Saturday LIVE. I THINK THIS IS HIS BEST WORK TOO DATE. The firm I liked the best before The Pink Panther was THE JERK, Steve and Jean please give us more of your great talent in the near future, Bruce You may be confused by the prefect 10 I have given this movie so let me explain, I watched this movie when I was a kid and I thought it was funny. Now as an adult I rewatched it for old times sake and this movie brought me to tears. Died laughing. For anybody who has a good sense of humor, this movie is pure gold and by far the most quotable movie. Never in a million years will this movie get old. Surprisingly hilarious! Steve Martins best work in years if not ever! 10/10... Decidedly different than Blake Edwards style of movie-making, the laughs are non stop here. Kevin Kline is superb in his role as Dreyfuss. The Hamburger scenes are too funny. Destined to be a classic IMO. Certainly hope Martin decides to reprise this role. The accent gags are endless. I enjoyed The french bloke cast as his sidekick. The dancing scenes between the two of them and the "surprise attacks" were great.The airport scene had the theatre in stitches.Enjoyed the little Chinese lady as well. This flick is suitable for all ages. Many youngsters were in the audience laughing along... I give this movie a ten because I was not comparing it to the original. This movie I have to say was very funny, much funnier than I expected. Steve Martin surprisingly wasn't as annoying as I thought he might be. The mystery was fairly easy to figure out about half way through the movie. I however did not like how they ended the movie, but other than that it was a great movie. Society has defiantly moved towards sexuality, as seen with pretty much every scene with beyonce. Also another surprise was that she was somewhat good in the movie. She wasn't the best, but she was pretty good. The rest of the cast was pretty good, however I think Michael Caine could of been a better choice for the inspectors (Steve Martin) baby sitter / assistant. In summery the pink panther was very funny, the slap stick humor wasn't stupid like "Date Movie." If you're a pink panther fan or new to the series, it is not a waste of money to go see this movie. However for a bit of perspective you may want to go out and rent the originals before you see this rendition. I took my two young boys to see this film and was a bit concerned about how much garbage there would be in it. Just a bit but it was such a funny film. There was lots of good jokes and crazy situations in it. To be honest I have not laughed so much in 30 years. So this film will never win an Oscar, but I don't think that was the intent anyway. Just good crazy funny stuff. It all starts the minute you start watching the film. I can only sing praises about this film. Funny, funny. There is very little in it for parents to be concerned about. It was a real gut buster and I would love to buy it on DVD as soon as it comes out. The actors must have had a blast making such a good film. My hat off to them. They accomplished what they intended. Pure good humor sticking to the old pink panther movies but upgrading the humor to our time. Loved it! Stayed true to the spirit of the originals. Steve Martin and Jean Reno were fantastic! There were occasional slip ups - like the casting of Beyonce and Kevin Kline's on-again off-again accent. But the moment of heartfelt betrayal was a wonderful foil to all the slapstick comedy. Steve Martin was just right. He had the right accent, the right amount of physicality, with just the right touch of humanity. His "I want to buy a hamburger" will live on in the comedic quotes. Highly recommend it to anyone who needs a good laugh and an old-fashioned escapist movie. A fun bunch of belly laughs. A good movie for the family. Good for all ages from kids to grandparents. I really feel that the movie was brilliant. I laughed through the entire feature. You can see Steve Martin's touch in the script. The incidents kept coming, one right after another and perfectly timed. I have not seen him so funny since his Saturday Night Live days. Kevin Kline beautifully took the role of Chief Inspector to the next level. I can easily see him losing his marbles over his Inspector in future productions. I also throughly enjoyed the fact that they did not try to have the movie take place under real circumstances. The first Pink Panther and A Shot in the Dark were like that also. In the next features The Inspector was bumbling around in more real situations which I did not feel were as funny. This "remake" kept a more lighthearted storyline. I feel that by doing that the movie ended up being so much more enjoyable. Inspector Cloussau is not a completely real character on purpose, why should his movie be? The original movies were good, but after seeing this, I feel they would have gone three times the distance if Steve Martin had had a hand in them! I can watch this one again and again. Bravo!! The story is in a modern day setting which provides an abundance of material for the writers to create funny situations during the course of Steve Martin's character trying to solve the mystery of the missing "Pink Panher diamond." Many classic comedic devices are employed to deliver some of the best comedy I've seen in years.Superb performance by Steve Martin. It was like watching him on "Saturday Night Live" again. The script was well written. I particularly enjoyed the "running gags" that kept coming back later on to hit you again. It was hard to stop laughing. This is truly "Classic" Steve Martin! 