I'm guessing that everybody knows the story of this movie by now, but for those who might not have had the opportunity to see this great movie, it's quite a simple formula. The Miami Dolphins mascot is stolen and by word-of-mouth advertising Ace Ventura (Jim Carrey) is called into manic action. His job is to find the dolphin and return it before The Miami Dolphins' crucial game.Jim Carrey is quite simply amazing, I never stopped laughing the whole way through the movie. This is surely Carrey's best work, even now. OK, Dumb and Dumber and The Mask are very funny movies too, but this takes the biscuit. Everything Ace does made me laugh, from whipping football player's with a towel to get a ring imprint to showing up at a mansion party and being his usual manic self.100 laughs per hour, if you have a sense of humour, then this movie is for you!!! In 1994, a year that gave us Forrest Gump, Pulp Fiction and The Shawshank Redemption, Morgan Creek Productions and Warner Bros. Pictures came out with the funniest film of the decade, err, 1994, with the Jim Carrey super-vehicle, ACE VENTURA: PET DETECTIVE.Right off the bat, it is a Jim Carrey showcase: chasing missing albino pigeons, rescuing a pampered shiatsu, and making high speed getaways, this all works because it is Ace Ventura, a hilarious, live-action cartoon character who spouts one-liners like an M-16.The premise of the film is that the Miami Dolphin's team mascot, Snowflake the dolphin, has been captured and needs to be found in time for the Super Bowl. Ace is hired and the sexy Courtney Cox is made his partner until the dolphin is recovered. With an assortment of funny situations like Ace falling into a great white shark tank (!), a montage of Ace searching for a missing jewel, Ace head banging in a CANNIBAL CORPSE concert, it's all gold, and as you have read, Ace is what drives this film into comedy genius! It was a busy and successful year for Jim Carrey, as he came out with another pair of comedy blockbusters, the LOOSELY translated Dark Horse comic THE MASK, and his hilarious buddy comedy with Jeff Daniels, DUMB and DUMBER.Thanks to Tom Shadyac for letting Carrey out of the bag and letting this damn funny Canadian strut his lanky stuff.It has some offensive, adult-oriented material, but if caught on television, this is nearly perfect family entertainment: as long as you don't mind your kids talking from their a$$es for the next couple months. We saw "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective" right after "The Mask" came out. We could not have possibly predicted how wacky it would be. At the moment when Jim Carrey started butt-talking, my dad shouted out: "Lee, he's crazy!" And believe you me, he really was. Anyone who knows anything about the movie probably knows that Carrey plays the title character, who has to find the Miami Dolphins' mascot. But mostly, the whole movie is an excuse for him to be silly. And of course, the woman who played reporter Melissa (Courtney Cox) went on to play the reporter in the "Scream" trilogy.Well anyway, Ace Ventura really is a master of disguise, and it's almost hard to believe that after almost ten years of stagnation in comedy, this movie came and changed the way that we think about humor. Hilarious. I've seen this movie several times and it always makes me laugh which is the whole point. Comedy is very subjective so what everyone finds funny will be different. Some people forget that movies are meant to entertain first and "messages" are extras. Let it be known that Jim Carrey is a comic madman. He may not be the smartest cat on the stage, but there's no question that his act, especially in "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective," is the real deal.Director Tom Shadyac saw fit to put the Man with the Rubber Face, later The Man on the Moon, in his own starring vehicle with this comedy hit from 1994. I've never laughed so hard in my life; that was from the first time I saw it. I saw "Shaun of the Dead" 10 years after Carrey's vehicle; that was another time when I laughed myself silly.Sure, the humor is immature from time to time. But that's part of Carrey's act, as the colorful gumshoe of the title, who takes on the case of retrieving the Miami Dolphins' prized mascot, Snowflake, after it's stolen from its tank one night. Of course, as the title would lead you to believe, Ace Ventura is no ordinary detective. "I don't do humans," he asserts to us. His specialty is pets. It's hard out there for pet detectives, since it's a field that nobody takes too seriously, except Ace, that is. So when he gets the call for duty, he's all over the case.His investigation pairs him with Melissa Robinson ("Friends" Courteney Cox), and the two uncover some startling details about the Miami team's history, and one of its most controversial players, who missed the field goal kick at the 1984 Super Bowl that would have won the game and blames Dan Marino for the whole thing. That player hasn't been seen since. Meanwhile, Ace runs afoul of Miami police department lieutenant Lois Einhorn (Sean Young), who seriously needs to take a chill pill and is hiding something more than just a gun under her skirt."Ace Ventura: Pet Detective" is a comic tour de force. Of course Carrey has done plenty of better things since this flick, but for commercial purposes, so let's just leave that in the future. Ace Ventura is something that only he could have done, and made it work. Sure his methods are "unusual," but hey, he gets the job done.I wonder if this flick helped to spark interest in a new law enforcement field?10/10 I first watched this when it was released on video and I have to say it's one of my favs! Jim Carrey is classic in this, his best movie by far. I have never seen anything like it and probably won't again. It's fresh, the pace is good and the acting by Carrey is very funny.It's light, entertaining and no too serious which means you can tune in and out without really missing much.Everyone who has seen this has loved it and I can't see why you wouldn't.Pet detective 2 is also good but not a touch on this original.If you want a laugh and haven't seen this go and buy it now. The first time viewing this movie it was turned off 2-3 minutes into it and put back on the shelf.Two days later, a guest came over and wanted to watch it. I was laughing and asking who is this guy? Aaaaaaaalllrighty Then! is such a catch phrase.Having no idea who Jim Carey was at the time this is just comic gold. Easy 10 stars.Not sure while my first viewing was a total rejection, but falling off the couch funny it was for the second viewing and the few 100 times afterwards. Super funny, great detective story and very entertaining This will ways be one of my all time favorites and most quoted movies. I've watched it more times than I can count. It's hilarious!! Jim Carrey plays a mental patient struggling to find love and it is a masterpiece. I like the bit when he opened and closed the door while he was yelling I ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS MOVIE!!! The overall cast made the movie even better. It has a great storyline as well. TONS OF LAUGHTER, love for animals, love blossoming and everything in between. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE TO A FRIEND!!! A+++ Film. You know Jim Carrey. Sure you do. He was one of the aliens in "Earth Girls Are Easy." As body builder Vera De Milo and other bizarre characters, he twists, shuffles and contorts his way through TV's "In Living Color."Ace Ventura: Pet Detective is a Carrey's movie-starring debut, is a mindless stretch of nonsense. You will get tired laughing at him.Maybe you've caught his hilarious, often-rerun guest appearance in "Sesame Street," in which he demonstrates with quintessential gyrations just how happy or sad his feet can get. "What a strange man," says a Muppet character as Carrey exits.Yes, he's a strange man, but a wonderful, strange man. Actually, it's probably better to think of him as an experiment in rubber, a Gumby with a match lit under him. ONE OF MY FAVOURITE JIM CARREY MOVIES OF ALL TIME! Right from the first time we meet Ace Ventura you know that this is character is going to be a laugh a minute, and you know that this film was going to be amazing. Ace Ventura would make a great pet detective if he was real (of course!). My favourite seen has to be when he is in the mental institute in a pink tutu trying to be a footballer a very memorable and funny scene. If you like Jim Carrey or if you just like animals then this film is just for you. This has become one of Jim Carrey's classic movies and I believe it will stay that way forever (Sqeual is also amazing. It's All RIGHTTTY THENNNN. When you go to see a comedy, most of us expect to see something so unusual that we will burst out laughing. Many times it's to the point of where you start getting cramps in your stomach. That's what I got when I first saw this film and I still do every time I watch it! Jim Carrey's first starring role as Ace Ventura: Pet Detective may seem obnoxious to some but to others, he is the definition of a living cartoon. Much of Carrey's humor is relied on body movements which does an excellent job at keeping the audience curious to what he really is doing.Although the character of Ace Ventura is quite rude; it's a kind rudeness because of his knowledge as a detective. There are so many parts of the film where people put down Ventura as a loser who really doesn't have an occupation because he IS the only pet detective. But he uses this to his advantage because he is also very smart aside from his wise cracks. For those people in the movie that chastise Ventura's actions, they are all proved wrong by his wit and reason.Director Tom Shadyac is brilliant for picking Carrey. It almost seems like Carrey was just told by Shadyac to "do whatever you feel like doing on screen". Everything looks genuine on film and nothing looks like it was really directed. This is good though because this is how Carrey's character worked. It focused more on impulse than directionality.Co-starring with Carrey is Courtney Cox. She acts her part out well too and of course because of Carrey's antics, Cox's character and many others are forced to always be a step behind. This is what makes Ace Ventura's character so effective. To think that Ace Ventura was written into the script as just a stupid character that has no idea of what he's doing would be a complete folly. Instead of a comedy having dumb fun, Ace Ventura: Pet Detective has smart fun.Ace Ventura: Pet Detective may seem silly, but it is packed with intelligent dialog and unforeseen humor that no one will ever experience until being introduced to this film. From funny motions to clever conversations, Jim Carrey lays on heavy slap-stick to create multiple laughs. I love this movie..so I must be part of that cult following it has gained (since the critics panned it in 1994). This movie is best watched with children in the room (if you don't have kids, go invite your neighbors!). Sure, there's a tad bit of violence (car windows being busted up with a bat) but the kids' laughter in the room is so refreshing. I am not a fan of fart and barf humor (not a fan of Dumb and Dumber) but this movie is SMART! And the factor of having cute animals in the film just gives it so much more charm (the monkey scene is adorable). Have you ever watched children at play as they make up stories and act out situations and characters?? That's Jim Carrey in this film. The imagination run wild, unfettered, in full bloom! Amazing. Have yet to see anything equal to it since...Enjoy! i remember watching this movie when i was young and oh boy it feels great to finally own it on DVD! all i have to say is amazing, amazing, amazing! okay the plot wasn't its best but that wasn't what you should focus on. you should focus on the great acts of jim carrey. and yes even today i still enjoy watching it. around a year and a half ago i sat down and found an old video tape of ace ventura and the sound wasn't good but when i saw it after many years i laughed hard. this movie is a must buy for people who are big fans of comedy and have the strength to control their laughing. you wont be disappointed. if you have never in your life have ever seen ace ventura you should start now. This is where it all began for the man we all know as Jim Carrey. Yes he was on "In Living Color", but this where people began to take notice of him. JIm started his career off with a bang, with not only this, but two other movies that followed: The Mask and then Dumb & Dumber. What made this movie work was Jim and the way his costars worked off of him: Courteney Cox, Sean Young and Dan Marino. Cox has stated in past interviews that she had a great time working with Jim. In fact, Cox was one of the reasons her "Friends" co-star Jennifer Aniston decided to sign on to Bruce Almighty. Look at how Sean and Dan worked off of Jim. The director Tom Shadyac, has mentioned many times that Jim loves to ad-lib which would result in laughs or other ad-libs from his costars. If you want a good laugh/good time, this is the movie to go with. Jim Carrey doing what I think he does best. Some people will say that it is too stupid and childish but really its not. Ok, so it is immature foolish comedy...BUT...why can't people lighten up once in a while. Even the most serious people need to enjoy some stupid humour here and there, and this is the perfect film for it. Carrey's facial expressions and great delivery make it hilarious and fast paced, so the time flies. In my opinion, this is one of Jim's best films, along with Liar Liar. His more serious stuff, like the Truman Show and now The Majestic don't suit him. I understand he is trying to mature and do new types of films as he developes as an actor, but I think this is classic Carrey- what he does best. A Brilliant comedy. (Email me any comments) Jim Carrey is hysterical! Everything he says and does is guaranteed to have you in stitches. With a fantastic story-line and sooooo many quotes its unbelievable, its a film to watch when your down, hyperactive or just in the mood to watch a film. This film will definitely put a smile on your face, that's a bit of an understatement......it will make you crease!!! Jim Carrey makes the film and is simply fantastic, he's amazingly talented and a must for every fan who loves comedy! A comedy classic! Jim Carrey is a hyper-active freak when it comes to comedy. He is absolutely brilliant in this movie because this is obviously not about plot, or big stars, but just about displaying the genius that is Jim Carrey. You'll either love it or absolutely hate it. If you find yourself saying "well that was stupid" at the film's end, you obviously did not get it. Ace Ventura would surely have to be one of the all time comedy greats. Jim Carrey is a comical genius, and this film lets him go as far as he wants to. This film comes highly recommended from me, so you know its a classic, and the only reason I gave it 10, was that I couldn't give it 11. I can't believe I have to give a 10 to this movie. Okay, so the plot isn't that amazing. A bit weird, but not amazing. The acting performances aren't anything special, either. But so WHAT? This movie is supposed to be a whacky comedy, and that it is. Folks say Jim Carrey can't act, and he can only do weird faces and maneuvers. Again: so what? All a crazy comedy needs to be considered terrific is that it is FUNNY, right? I laughed just about through the whole movie. It is true, that a movie like this does not give too good a picture of Mr.Carrey's acting ability, but this sure shows that he's an exceptional comedian. This is the type of movie that you either like or hate, it makes you laugh or cry. Some people can't understand this kind of humor but I sure can. This is one of those hilarious Jim Carrey films, where he plays an idiot savant. It comes so naturally to him, I worry. In fact, this was the film that launched a thousand laughs, followed the next year by its sequel, ACE VENTURA: WHEN NATURE CALLS (1995). It was not only Nature but audiences who called, and thus history was made. Would Jim Carrey by any chance be an exhibitionist? No, surely not! Not since the days of silent films has there been someone so outrageously funny who can make us laugh just by slightly altering his facial expression, and Jim Carrey really is one of those phenomena of Nature, like volcanoes, which keep going relentlessly. In this early work of his, there are so many excellent sight gags and so many brilliant lines that it is a comedy classic. We might describe Carrey as 'the man with four cheeks', due to his very rude habit of talking with his buttocks. But I suppose putting buttocks to good use like that is better than just sitting on them. He must be lovable because animals crowd round him, birds sit on him, pretty girls kiss him, squirrels and otters adore him, and we pay money to watch him being the smartest fool that ever was. His style goes back to the days of court jesters. In this film he is pitted against the intimidating Sean Young. Now as for Sean Young, we have there a true glamour gal. She was sensational in NO WAY OUT (1987) and countless other films. Here she has to play a tough cop who is suspected of being a man. If you can imagine Sean Young being a man, then you are ready to be taken away by the men in white coats. The scene where Jim Carrey strips her clothes off her intending to reveal a different anatomy than might be expected show us some of the reasons why Sean Young is so alluring, and they have nothing to do with being a guy. This film is so hilariously over the top that it is impossible to describe, just as Carrey himself is impossible to describe. No one who has never seen him can possibly imagine him. Courteney Cox does an excellent job of taking him seriously, as every Groucho needs a Marguerite Dumont, although in this case she is a delightful cutie rather than a matron. The film features real-life football quarterback Dan Marino playing himself, as the story concerns the Miami Dolphins, an American football team who breathe air while they swim round a large bowl known as the Super Bowl. Also playing himself is manic comic Carrey, bless his wobbling buttocks. This kind of crazed comedic insanity is something that only comes out of the good ole U. S. of A., the only country in the world that could ever produce a Jim Carrey (oops, I forgot, he is really Canadian, but Canadians are honorary Americans, aren't they?). I long to see him play a major Washington politician. Can you imagine letting him loose in the corridors of power? I recommend him for Secretary of State because that would sort out American foreign policy in no time. Its literally jim carreys greatest flick overall and one of the funniest comedies in decades. Either a lover of comedy or animals its the right movie for you.Dont let others delusions of whats offensive persuade you what to watch. SPOILERS: What others say transphopic is nothing more than a bunch of men VIOLATED by learning a certain person is not the woman they got with and reacted like any straight person would act like. Mental illness should never be ENABLED like telling a anorexic person they should do what makes them feel better and keep starving themselves...thats enabling body dysmorphia and gender dysmorphia is the same thing. Stop being offended and start enjoying entertainment as intended 