Firstly I would like to state that it is completely hilarious reading reviews with One Star because the movie had "Foul Language" and "Sex Scenes" or that someone had no idea that the movie was inappropriate for their 9 year old kid. Dead Pool is rated R and with 3 minutes of research you could have determined if this movie was for you or not With that being said I will not delve into the plot but the acting and writing were fantastic. Ryan Reynolds nailed this role. If you are easily offended by violence, language, or nudity this is not the movie for you but if you have a sense of humor and want to be entertained for 2 straight hours you will love this movie. Deadpool is a 2016 film that the eighth film in the X-Men franchise where The Merc with the Mouth seeks revenge in a humorous way.Wade Wilson is a mercenary who spends his time in New York City protecting teenage girls from would-be stalkers. He meets escort Vanessa Carlysle at a local bar and they become romantically attached for nearly a year. He proposes to her one night, then he suddenly collapses and is diagnosed with terminal cancer. Though she remains by his side, he fears losing her.One night at the bar that he met Vanessa, he is approached by a recruiter from a secret program. He is offered an experimental cure for his cancer, but he rebuffs the man and leaves. Desperate to live, he reconsiders and leaves Vanessa in the middle of the night to undergo the procedure. He is injected with a special serum by Francis Freeman and tortured for days by Angel Dust in order to trigger a mutation. After weeks of no success, Wade is strapped into an airtight chamber after insulting Francis. The drop in oxygen triggers a healing factor that removes his cancer, but severely disfigures his face and skin in the process. He escapes from the chamber by blowing it up and attempts to kill Francis, only stopping when he claims he can cure Wade's disfigurement. He is then impaled by rebar and left for dead in the destruction of the lab.Although he tracks her down, he cannot come to terms with his complexion, and he keeps himself away from Vanessa. Wade moves into the home of an elderly blind woman named Al, and with the advice of his best friend Weasel, he becomes a masked vigilante named "Deadpool", and begins hunting down Francis and dismantling his organization.Following a string of leads from various syndicates, Deadpool attacks a convoy of cars on an expressway before getting his hands on Francis, demanding for a cure to his disfigurement. The confrontation is suddenly interrupted by the X-Men Colossus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead, who want him to join the team. Their intervention enables Francis to run off, and when Colossus handcuffs himself to Deadpool on their way back to the X-Mansion, Deadpool cuts off his own hand and escapes back to his home.The next night, Weasel convinces Deadpool to go back to Vanessa, but when they arrive at the strip club she works at, Deadpool discovers that she has been kidnapped, and Francis and Angel Dust tell him to meet up with them on a decommissioned aircraft carrier at a scrapyard.Deadpool convinces Colossus and Negasonic to help him, and the trio take a cab to the scrapyard, where Colossus and Negasonic have a grueling battle with Angel Dust while Deadpool slashes through an army of goons on his way toward Francis. Deadpool and Francis then engage in a bloody hand-to-hand combat before Negasonic uses her power to destroy the aircraft carrier. In the end, Deadpool gains the upper hand in the fight and Francis admits that there is no cure for Wade's disfigurement. Although Colossus urges Deadpool to spare Francis and be a true hero, he shoots Francis in the head, finally killing him and avenging himself. Deadpool removes his mask and shows Vanessa his new face. Though she is angry that he left her, she accepts him and they reconcile by kissing.In a post-credits scene, Deadpool urges the audience to leave and go home, then announces that there will be a sequel involving Cable. I can't believe this didn't win either of the 2 golden globes years back! Such a wonderful theater experience and still very entertaining. Exactly what Deadpool should be a foul mouthed, buff, stunt galore, and hilarious. The cinematography along with the style is magnificent; a lovable gem that deserves so much credit! I can't praise this movie enough, I like how well written it is too. In a world.. where superhero movies are often unnecessarily dark and gritty, #Deadpool comes along and shows you how it's done! It's the perfect combo of action, comedy, and R-rating that really don't give two sh*ts about your sensitivity. Do you remember that warm blueberry pie that your grandma made for you when you were younger or the time you saw that girl you've been crushing on during chemistry class in high school? Well, you can throw those memories out the window now and make way for DEADPOOL.Ryan Reynolds plays a skilled special forces operative turned mercenary Wade Wilson, Morena Baccarin plays his hot-ass girlfriend, Vanessa. This woman is the embodiment of sexy. They are a match made in Marvel Comics' heaven. But their dream is crushed upon discovering that Wilson has cancer all over, a situation that forces him to sign up to a rogue experiment that subjects him to accelerated healing powers. The lab is run by Francis/Ajax (Ed Skrein) who himself is a bit of a mutant. The brutal experiments turn Wade Wilson into an ugly dude but an indestructible one. He's now bent on revenge, especially after Ajax kidnaps Vanessa. Meanwhile Colossus and Negasonic Teenage Warhead from the X-Men, try their best to convince Deadpool to join their team and become one of the good guys. But let's face it, that ain't DEADPOOL's style! The first people we have to thank of course would be the original comic book writers/creators Fabian Nicieza and Rob Liefeld who brilliantly gave us this very unique superhero unlike any other. The next people in line to thank are screenwriters Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick who remind us why we loved "Zombieland" back in 2009, they inject the same brand of humor into DEADPOOL and keep the character faithful to the comic books, yes, by that I mean none of that crap version of Wade Wilson in "X-Men Origins: Wolverine" anymore! Applause goes to Tim Miller as well, what a helluva feature directorial debut, clearly when you give a superhero project to a geek who loves the material and knows it inside out, if you just let him run with it, it's like giving G.I. Joe toys to a kid who can name them all by heart, great things can happen.For those of you who are not familiar with DEADPOOL, just a heads up, this movie, just like the comics, is extremely over the top graphic in terms of sex, violence and humor, and that's exactly how we like it. Wade Wilson is a chatterbox, he talks a lot, to some this can get annoying, while to the rest, it's music to our ears, mainly because of the sh*t he says. And he breaks fourth wall, meaning he'll talk to you the audience. But what's even more epic than that is the fact that he is AWARE of the universe that he's in and the universe that you're in, and those two collide in the most epic way possible, so Ryan Reynolds' character, Wade Wilson, makes fun of Ryan Reynolds the actor and also mocks Ryan Reynolds' previous poor decisions like Green Lantern and People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive This movie is a dream come true for those of you hardcore fans, it even has what I think is one of the greatest most hilarious opening credit scenes in the history of cinema. For a while, I heard that the studio wanted the film to include more mutants, but I'm glad the filmmakers kept things to just a few characters for this first installment a.k.a origin story, so it's simple enough for the new fans to follow. I love how the humor is so brash and unapologetic, it's like insult comedy or one of them roast shows, everybody is fair game. The fights are rock 'em sock 'em and the VFX is impressive! And I can't be happier for Ryan Reynolds, I'm sure he had been wanting to redeem himself since "Green Lantern" and whatever the hell that was in "X-Men Origins: Wolverine," so with this DEADPOOL movie, he finally got it right, you can tell he desperately wanted to be part of this superhero genre, and so now he's really part of the gang. He was born for this role. He was destined to play this. In many ways, Deadpool is kinda like Van Wilder on crack. And actress Morena Baccarin as Vanessa well, let's just say that after watching this movie, every guy on earth will wonder, 'Why can't my girlfriend be more like that!' If you're looking for a date movie, DEADPOOL is it. if you're looking for an action-packed movie, DEADPOOL is definitely most certainly it. I've said it in other reviews that no movie is perfect. There aren't any movies that actually deserve a perfect score. But what if you were a dead pool fan and you heard that an actor that was a huge fan too, and had already played the character once with horrible results wished for redemption? What if you wanted a comic book movie that would rise above the whole PG-13 cesspool far too many movies are thrown into these days? What character would be completely drowned in such a pool? Wolverine somehow treads that water even with a metal skeleton, though he did finally get unleashed with an R rated send off film (possibly partly thanks to this movie). But Deadpool could never have been done right in a PG-13 movie. The Merc with the Mouth had to have his lips sowed shut the first go round and after that... well... most fans would say he was never truly Deadpool. Including the man who played him.Ryan Reynolds deserves significant praise for his persistent pursuit of playing a real Deadpool. And boy does he. The R rating took the comic book genre to a sparkly place I wish it would have gone to years ago. Oh yeah is this movie satisfying for that alone and Reynolds nails it. Possibly thanks to the fact that he actually cared.But how good is it as a movie aside from all that? Well, I gave it a ten. It might be more of a nine out of ten movie if it wasn't so special. It was the first R rated movie of its kind and it proved to the people, and the studios, that it could be extremely successful even with that rating. Thank you Deadpool. You deserve an extra star for that alone. It's Brutal, It's funny, It's Action in it. I love this Movie. It's one of these Movies i never get tired of This movie is absolutely brilliant! It's one of my all time favourite comic book movies and deserves its' positive reviews because this is a future action movie classic! I'd say this would be after Batman Begins, The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises as one of my all time favourite action/comic book movies. It's possibly the most quotable film of the century, the best comedy of the century, literally everything about this movie is awesometacular. I enjoyed every minute in this movie. This will become an instant classic and one of the best movies Marvel has made. From the first scene i was blown away. If you are 12 or older i highly recommend you watch this movie. I can't say more without spoiling the movie so go see it. I was at the cinema with my girlfriend and she is not a Deadpool fan, but after she saw the movie she wanted to buy the Deadpool comics to learn more about him. This is how good the movie was. The first 15- 20 minutes of the movie are probably the best intro to a movie i have ever seen. And here is a tip. Stay after the ending credits. You will not regret it. Wanna know what reading a Deadpool comic is like? It's like waking up pants-less, ferociously hung over, and covered in a variety of cuts, bruises, and condiments, but then getting to eat a big stack of pancakes off the back of the hooker still sleeping next to you. Or, it infects your brain enough that those are the sort of similes you're liable to cough up. And yet, for the reigning king of contemporary nerd humour, who plays like a cross between Kick-Ass and a Canadian Guardians of the Galaxy (smaller- scale and more belligerent), it's been surprisingly agonizing bringing everyone's favourite chimichanga-chomping Merc with the Mouth to the big screen (and you'd better be wearing the brown pants if you bring up that X-Men Origins garbage). Thankfully, Fox's common sense was tingling. So, fans: think long and hard (snicker) about the uncompromising, mostly amoral, full-on bonkers Deadpool movie you'd lacerate any limb for. Your wishes have finally been granted. Debut director Tim Miller manages the impossible: a film quintessentially built on fan- service that doesn't suck. It's appropriate that Deadpool has borrowed DMX as his theme tune (at least until the George Michael kicks in), because this crudely charitable spirit ebbs throughout the flick. Want some deliciously profane, sex and hyper-violence-stuffed whimsy, replete with a Guardians-calibre hilariously on-point soundtrack, and the comic's fourth wall-shattering snark integrated in a way that's actually funny? How about daring to dream even bigger: a big studio production that mercilessly pokes fun at its skittish budget cuts, the former cinematic bungling of the titular antihero, and even the requisite Hugh Jackman appearance in every X-Men spin off - even the magical (jizzing) unicorn of a superhero origin story without waiting an hour for the lead to appear in costume. Want all of that? Wade gon' give it to ya. But don't make the mistake of dismissing the film as a feature-length meme: Miller is savvy enough to understand there's more to Deadpool than quips and dismemberment. Sure, the plot is about as flimsy and insubstantial as anything, but, like a messier, crunchier Guardians, that's not the point. The point lies in the emotional and character beats, where Miller delivers in Wadeser, spades. Like most of cinema's funniest, Deadpool's psychotic humour roots in real pain, and Miller doesn't shy away, lingering on the physical and emotional pain of Wilson's cancer and his multifaceted torture in attempting to cure it through forcible scientific mutation to a genuinely uncomfortable extent, to ensure that neither plays as gratuitous. But lest you be feeling goth enough to slink off to the premiere of Blade III, the film's real surprise is yet in store. For all the gleeful irony of its Valentine's Day release, Deadpool is a surprisingly heartfelt, hilarious and tragic romance at its core. Yes, really. Only the most 'Pool-schooled readers would recognize that peeling away the irreverence, pancakes, and phallic samurai swords reveals a hugely self-conscious, sentimental sap within, but Miller is clearly one of the initiated. Appropriately, some of the film's most charming, hilarious, and devastating scenes involve Wilson daring to let his guard down enough to fall in love, and, like a reddit-rattling Phantom of the Opera, too crushingly ashamed to reconnect after his superpowered facelift leaves him looking like, as T.J. Miller's Weasel puts it, "an avocado had sex with an older avocado". This is about as profound as the character ever really gets, but there's poignancy and pathos to be gleaned from Wilson's grubby fumbling at sentiment, and Miller and Reynolds nail it here. But don't worry - we're still miles away from the doom 'n gloom of the average contemporary superhero austerity, and their generic 'all the CGI sets crumble' climaxes. Sure, Deadpool being pared down to three action sequences does draw attention to its comparatively tiny budget, but in this age of bloated superhero excess, seeing fights kept this lean is a godsend in itself, even if it weren't clinched by a not-so-subtle hysterical recurring gag justifying their sparsity. Still, we're hardly left wanting: the fights are short, snappy, creatively ultra-violent ("count the bullets" being the most meta and thrilling), and stylish as hell, just as they should be, while fellow X- folk Colossus (flawlessly animated and finally Russian; a hilariously po-faced foil) and Brianna Hildebrand's amiably sulky Negasonic Teenage Warhead allow for some buddy banter and help keep the action beats bumping all the while. There's no secret that Deadpool is the Ryan Reynolds show though, and his burning passion for the character fuels a now career-defining performance. Imbued with the divine gift to make even the crudest riffing gleam with cheery, sparky charisma, Reynolds nails each beat of wacky humour, springy physicality and seething, volcanic rage and hurt so effortlessly there's the uncanny feeling of him dripping ink from being lifted off the pages of a comic. Despite having to combat a disappointingly under-written part, Morena Baccarin matches Reynolds in adorable damaged snappiness, steering just shy of sultry, manic-pixie-dream-girl stereotype by keeping the right amount of crazy in her eyes. T.J. Miller is consistently hilarious and uncompromisingly unsentimental as Wilson's buddy Weasel, while Ed Skrein as "that British villain" brings enough pompous, brawny sadism to make his Francis-ahem- Ajax only feel slightly generic. The under-used Leslie Uggams is perfectly salty as Deadpool's crusty roommate Blind Al (not an abductee here), making a recurring IKEA joke surprisingly sweet. Meanwhile, keep your eyes peeled for half of Vancouver in the background; we're all in there somewhere. I'd waste time with more adjectives, but you get the idea, and can use a thesaurus as well as me. Basically, Miller and Reynolds have delivered the most cathartically satisfying cinematic Deadpool imaginable, sure to capture the hearts or slice off the heads of diehards or inductees alike. Dead2l soon, please. WHAM.-9.5/10 Ryan Reynolds is the embodiment of the Deadpool character. He did an absolutely awesome job and made the movie as epic as it is. In my opinion his sense of humour perfectly matches that of the original character. Before watching the movie, I was a bit afraid the story of Wade would slowdown the roller-coaster ride, bit it is nicely scattered throughout the movie. Not so much to lose track of the original storyline and not too little to be oblivious of where the superhero comes from. I think I would have enjoyed it a bit more if more of the Marvel universe was pulled into the story, but I'm not completely sure of it :). The fourth wall being broken here and there is very refreshing and very Deadpool. Sometimes a movie's very first scene perfectly sets the tone – and serves notice that you're about to have a unique cinematic experience. Allow me to illustrate by describing the opening sequence to the big-screen adaptation of Marvel Comics' "Deadpool" (R, 1:48). We see a single moment frozen in time – the inside of an SUV as it flips over on a busy highway. In slow motion, the camera travels through the vehicle documenting the precarious (and humorous) positions of various bad guys who have gone airborne because of the crash. As we journey through this increasingly bizarre montage, the only sound we hear is Juice Newton's 1981 hit song "Angel of the Morning". We also see the movie's opening credits – not names, but tongue-in-cheek references to the actors and filmmakers, employing phrases like "The British Villain", "The Comic Relief" and "Overpaid Hack". Wild. Irreverently funny. Unique.Before he was the violent, wise-cracking anti-superhero Deadpool, Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds) was just a violent, wise-cracking neighborhood tough guy for hire. (He's the kind of person you'd go to if you wanted to intimidate someone else into doing something for you – or just leave you alone.) Wade seems to have only one friend, a bartender called Weasel (T.J. Miller) until Wade meets hooker/waitress Vanessa (Morena Baccarin). They each have an acerbic wit, an irreverent personality and a messy life. In other words, they're perfect together. They fall in love, start living together and even discuss marriage. It seems like they're each as happy as they've ever been before until the other shoe drops. Wade suddenly falls ill and is diagnosed with cancer, which has taken hold in different parts of his body.A mysterious "recruiter" meets Wade at Weasel's bar and tells Wade that he can cure that cancer – and make him better than he was before. With no other options, Wade enters a secretive and ominous-looking facility where he is subjected to torturous pseudo-medical treatments designed to force his body to mutate. Wade emerges cancer-free, and with impressive strength and athletic abilities, as well as the ability to rapidly self-heal, but also with a face which Weasel says looks like "a topographical map of Utah" among other things. To hide his disfigurement, Wade makes himself a red and black suit and mask and adopts the name Deadpool, after the dead pool that Weasel runs for the patrons at his bar.Deadpool may look and move like a superhero, but the man behind the mask rejects that label. He's an anti-hero on a mission. Deadpool is out to find Ajax (Ed Skrein), the man who, along with his assistant, Angel Dust (Gina Carano), ruined Wade's good looks – and force Ajax to fix what he messed up. With a decidedly anti-superhero attitude, Deadpool (gruesomely) kills anyone who comes after him and tries to stop him. Two other mutants (a large metallic man and a teenager who can release powerful bursts of energy from her body) try to get Deadpool to join them and their fellow X-Men. No dice. Deadpool is a solo act – only interested in getting his complexion fixed so he can reunite with Vanessa and (besides Weasel) only associating with his old lady roommate, Blind Al (Leslie Uggams)."Deadpool" is not your father's superhero movie (or your son's, for that matter). As much as we all enjoy a good superhero flick, the whole R-rated anti-hero/superhero thing is a refreshing change of pace. The script (by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick) is witty, hilariously self-referential, and the conceit of Deadpool breaking the fourth wall works surprisingly well. Under the guidance of visual effects guy – turned director (FIRST TIME feature director - !) Tim Miller, we get some great action sequences and visuals (despite the production's incredible shrinking budget), a story that's fairly simple and easy to follow (despite its non-linear presentation) and a main character that's faithful to the source material.Although you may have your doubts just reading through the list of actors in this film, it's actually perfectly cast. Skrein and Carano make a great villain and henchman (henchwoman), respectively, Miller is a terrific weasley friend, it's wonderful to see Uggams back on screen (especially since I kinda thought she had died) and Brianna Hildebrand (as Negasonic Teenage Warhead) as well as Stefan Kapičić / Andre Tricoteux / Greg LaSalle (who, respectively, provided the voice, body motion-capture performance and facial motion-capture performance for Colossus) brought a lot to their mutant roles and left me wanting more. Maybe most surprising of all, Baccarin made me forget her many famous well-dressed small-screen characters, like the stressed-out former POW's wife in "Homeland" and the devious otherworldly leader, Anna, in "V". Then, of course, there's our star. Reynolds plays his character like a combination of Bill Murray (in "Ghostbusters" or "Groundhog Day"), Daniel Craig (in "Casino Royale") and Bruce Willis (not as the incredulous superhero in "Unbreakable", but more like his heroic but mortal somewhat heroic anti-heroes in "Die Hard" and "Hudson Hawk"). That all may sound like kind of a mess, but the sensibilities of those characters joined with Reynold's natural charm make for a winning combination.But don't just take my word for it. Let the data be your guide. This film started breaking box office records (albeit very specific and obscure records) as early as its Thursday night previews and Friday opening day. Still not convinced? Here's an idea – see the movie! Even if you don't like it, at least you'll know what everyone else is talking about. You'll also be ready if you get dragged to the sequel, which Reynolds/Deadpool announces in a post-credits scene. Of course, no one can guarantee you'll like "Deadpool". After all, it's "only" a superhero flick and it isn't exactly Oscar material, but I, for one, can't remember the last time I had so much fun at a movie. And, after all, isn't that the point? "A+" When they shut him up in "X-Men Origins: Wolverine", I was outraged! But that movie is what I hoped to get and more. I was laughing in the opening credits... That takes genius... and madness~I suggest that you pay to see it in IMAX, you'll see more blood in bigger details, and with the added bonus of doing a big FU to the people who denied us this juicy pleasure for years!!! Because they thought it wouldn't be profitable, so let's prove them wrong to get more. They thought that people would be too narrow minded and boring to be able to enjoy crazy originality.I know I did~ And many others too, it became an instant classic. I thought that it rated in the best movies released lately, but it was in a list of the best movies of all times!!!I just adore his WTF humor. But the vulgarity might be trying to hide a sensitive heart~ Murderers and w***** can love too, you know!!!Ryan Reynolds, thank you for fighting to have this movie come to life, and the way it should be this time. You're totally awesome, even disfigured.I'm a prude and I totally approve of this f****** movie, even the sex scene was cool for once. slow mo action explosion romance explosion again x men more explosions a deep and intense story followed by more explosions so funny go watch it you won't regret the dirty jokes and explosions will keep you entertained until the end of the 2-hour movie I'd never really paid much attention to Deadpool until now 10 out of 10 Back in 2008 (or 2009, who cares?) We got our first glimpse of Deadpool on the big screen. What we got took away everything decent about the character, he is the merc with the mouth, yet his mouth was sewn together! Ryan Reynolds seemed perfect for the role, how did it all go so wrong? Well now, in 2016 Reynolds returns and we get our first official Deadpool movie. In that we get the world's greatest apology for one of the most abysmal films in the superhero genre, and a highly original film that does 100% justice to one of the most lovable douchebags of all time!So, here we follow Wade Wilson, a former mercenary who is diagnosed with terminal cancer. He undergoes an experimental procedure and is transformed into Deadpool, a badass loudmouth with the ability to heal. One problem remains, he is now ugly as sin. We follow Deadpool on a revenge story, as well as a love story of sorts that really raises the bar for future comic book movies. What i absolutely love about this film is that the whole origin is told through flashbacks looking over Wade's life. Deadpool is a character who is well known for breaking the fourth wall and the way that is addressed in this film is both hilarious and amazingly true to it's source. It is also easily one of the funniest films for a very long time. The opening titles had me laughing out loud alone and if they don't peak your interest right away then I'm afraid you're in the wrong film! I love self aware jokes like that and there are a fair few of them scattered around. The supporting cast do amazingly well as well. Colossus and Negasonic TeenageWarhead from the Xmen are just the greatest additions to this film. This is easily the best incarnation of Colossus we have ever seen and with such a low budget he looked beautiful. Of course, with them on board there are some very funny Xmen jokes to look out for. Morenna Baccarin (did i spell that right?) Is the perfect love interest for Ryan Reynolds. Her character is a lot better than other 2-Dimensional females in comic book films. When she is introduced and the way that happens shows how much of an impact she makes and it is great. As for villains, Ed Skerin was so unlikeable, which is great because with a character like Deadpool it is important to hate our main villain and the inclusion of Angel Dust was also a good decision. And lastly, TJ Miller acts almost as Wade's second in command, Weasel. He stole quite a few scenes, but in the end this is Ryan Reynold's show and nobody tries to take that from him.So do i recommend? Hell yeah i do! Its the perfect comic book film for the fact it really sticks to it's awesome source material and i could not imagine a better film for Deadpool. Stick around for after the credits because we get a great little surprise. Definitely not for the faint of heart because as well as being very violent in an over the top way, there are also some pretty dark and shocking scenes that can even be a little hard to watch, but they don't last long. Anyway, go and support Deadpool because we need more superhero films like this. Now i have the sudden urge to listen to 80's music and eat chimi changas... I am really not a superhero movie fan but watching this, it felt like something completely new and fresh. Extremely enjoyable and funny.
I'm disappointed to see only an 8 on IMDb because it deserves way higher.
I'd give it a 9 but since I think it deserves better overall, I'm giving it a 10z I hope to see him acting with spider-man one day. I think I might be very excited My most anticipated movie of the year, I went nuts for it, I had a hard time sleeping because I was too excited.So was all the excitement and marketing worth it? Yes, yes, yes, it's so great, I had so much fun, this movie will be for everyone and has you entertained from start to finish. Wait, not everyone, because it's a hard R. Seriously, anyone under the age of 17 should not by any means see this because it's very violent, has bad language, graphic nudity, drugs, has some "love" scenes and has a lot of overall jokes that kids won't understand.For the ones who don't know who Deadpool is, he is someone from the X-men universe which is made by the comic book company Marvel. If right now you're thinking "so it's a superhero movie and I don't like those" don't worry, it makes fun of superhero movies a lot.The story is about a man called Wade Wilson who is a mercenary that get's diagnosed with cancer one day. The only way he can survive is to make him a mutant so that his body can fight the cancer. So when he does become Deadpool he appears to have made an enemy that goes after his girlfriend.That's what you need to know about the movie, now everything that is awesome about this movie. First off the genre, it is everything, seriously it has aspects from every genre. It has a love story that actually makes a lot of sense so it has romance. It also is a superhero movie because it involves the X-men but it also makes fun of all the superhero movies.So it is also a satire, but not only a satire on superhero movies but also on pop-culture today and on movies in general. It's also definitely a comedy, I laughed so hard during this movie that I had issues catching my breath for laughing uncontrollably. The jokes are varying and everything in it is so funny.It also of course is an action movie because the action in it is very good and very violent and this movie definitely couldn't be done without an R-rating. It also has some horror things in it, when Wade is made into Deadpool it's actually horrifying.Then I will say that every actor portraying a character in the movie works perfectly, Ryan Reynolds is born to be Deadpool. He was exactly what the character of Deadpool should be: A kid in a man's body that breaks the 4th wall and has fun throughout the entire movie.Also his girlfriend works perfectly and their relation is totally weird but believable. The villain Ajax, played by Ed Skrein, is a very good villain and you understand why Deadpool wants to get him. And in my personal opinion, this is by far the best portrayal of Colossus in a movie to date. Then we have TJ Miller as the best friend of Wade who is hilarious and even the taxi-driver Dopinder who they also managed to make funny.I have one single issue with the movie and that's that it is too short. The movie was so brilliantly put together that when they got to the 3rd act of the movie I thought: "it's almost over but I don't want it to". Luckily there has already been an announcement for a sequel, so I'm happy. Also if you haven't seen it yet, stay in the theater to the end of the credits because there is a great end-credit scene.Deadpool is the most entertaining experience in a movie theater I had in a very long time and it's a brilliant movie, go see it if you haven't already. Definitely a 10/10 which is my 10th actual 10/10 I ever gave. 2016 is going to be an insane year for superhero movies, yet the only one I was really interested in is this one. Seriously I am so disinterested now with the big budget superhero films with such convoluted plots, excessive and gratuitous use of CGI, awful pacing, and even being unfaithful to the comics.Speaking of unfaithful, I was so looking forward to seeing Wade Wilson in the 2009 Wolverine movie, even more when I heard Ryan Reynolds was playing him. That's perfect! Van Wilder can quip like no tomorrow so he's perfect for playing the Merc with the Mouth... sewn shut. Yea great job there Fox. And great job with Fant4stic too...Then the leaked test footage came out and all of us were like DO THAT! And the coke snorting corporates at Fox listened. From the cleverly designed marketing campaign you knew exactly the direction they were going and man did they not disappoint.This movie was so much fun. They really got the character so right because I was laughing non-stop. This was a really funny movie. Deadpool is one of the very few characters in the Marvel universe that can break the fourth wall and is self aware. And the movie really got because it is rife with meta-humour which can be seen in the very beginning with the best opening credits scene ever. And yes we see him breaking the fourth wall, making pop culture references, and slicing up bad guys. The film is not tame. The humour is nowhere near South Park levels but it does give the biggest middle finger to PC culture. The action scenes are also a lot of fun. From the sword fighting, to the shooting, to the acrobatics, they were all filmed really well. It delivers on the violence too, which is cartoonish enough but it doesn't go too much into Blade territory. Although with Wade Wilson's face, in the comics it is really boiled and deformed and here he just looks like a prune. Guess they wanted to use Ryan Reynolds as much as they could.The story is quite simple here. Its a love and revenge story. It is well paced though as it is told in a non-linear style. It somewhat slows down for me when it does get to the love story part but thankfully those scenes are mercifully short. There are some plot holes, but you really don't care because of how fun the movie is.This movie is so refreshing. I thought I was too jaded by superhero films but when you pick the right character to adapt, you can have so much fun with him or her. Honestly I really don't care about any of the upcoming Avengers films or this new X-Men film or the Superman vs Batman film because they're all so formulaic. Deadpool brought us something different and it was awesome, like a chimichanga. From the studio that inexplicably sewed his *beep* mouth shut the first time, comes Deadpool. Yeah Deadpool, that sounds like a *beep* franchise. Absolutely amazing movie by Marvel. Now I can say that I forgive Marvel for messing Avengers 2. Deadpool is the first "R- Rated" movie that I have ever seen in cinema and I enjoyed every second of it, thanks to the censor board that they didn't ban it in our country otherwise my weekend would've been ruined if I hadn't got to watch Deadpool. Deadpool is not a typical superhero movie, so even if you don't like to watch superhero movies, you will love Deadpool. Ryan Reynolds was a perfect choice for Deadpool who did a fantastic job in his role and the script was very original, funny and well written. It has multiple elements including action, comedy, romance and most of all emotions. Moreover, this is not just a superhero movie, this is a love story that's why it's being released on Valentine's day. So, go on see it, enjoy it and have a laugh later. Especially for single people who do not have any date on V's day, Deadpool is the best gift that they will ever get *haha*. No doubt it is and will be one of the best movies ever produced by Marvel along with The Avengers. I'd recommend this movie for everyone who is allowed to watch it in their jurisdiction. Have a great weekend! I heard so much hype, was sure it would not live up... better. Better than the hype. JFC. I want all movies forever to be as good as this. Ryan Reynolds has increased 90,000 times in my estimation. From the opening credits to... the howl thing. Amazing. Maybe00MAYBE--sags a touch at the end, gets a little conventional. But this movie is so ^*^*&&^% good, you forgive it. Yes, you read that right... Hi, I'm Review Pool, and want to give the casual Marvel enthusiast or the curious party wanting to see this movie the skinny. Here's the thing, and forgive me for being so blunt, but if you do not know this character, you will not understand this movie. You probably won't like it. It'll confuse you more than how the Kardashians are still famous. More than how the 'Real Housewives' are still a thing, and even more than how the Danish word for 'poop' (bae) became an endearing term for your boo. But I digress... Yes, this movie was created for the fans. The 4th wall breaking, wise-cracking, ultra-violent, and gratuitous dirty mind that makes up this character is completely embodied throughout this film. That being said, do not take your kids! If they are under the age of sixteen and haven't been exposed to the internet, or the characteristics previously mentioned, you will have CPS called on you. Doesn't matter how much they whine, how much they beg, do not EVER, EVER, feed them after midnight...oh wait... This movie takes a lot of elements through Deadpool's comic history, and blends them I together as best as a 1hr and 40 min movie could. Even for a fan of the character since '92, can appreciate the things that were overlooked and condensed for the sake that it graced the big screen at all. I enjoyed the elements from some of the smaller issue Deadpool comics that were thrown in there (Pizza boy scene, thank you RR, I recognized it immediately). Yes, it was raunchy. Yes, it was violent. Yes, it was full of f-bombs! But that's what makes this character so wonderful, is that it doesn't stick to the traditional do-gooder rhetoric. And fans will not be disappointed with the Stan Lee cameo...pay attention to everything in this movie, including the opening credits. And don't forget to stay through the ending credits... Now I knew I wanted to see this film. Not because I am one of those fanatic, over the top, comic hording maniacs. But just because I am a sucker for the easy to watch super hero movies. My expectations did not exceed the ones I had prior to all of the xmen films or any other film of the same genre for that matter. This last week I had some trouble reaching my goals at work, so to reset my good mood, I asked a friend to go see this film. Without thoroughly reading reviews, I quickly scanned some headlines that already had been written about Deadpool. I seemed promising!I can ensure you with near to definite certainty, this will be my first and my last review. But this film deserves every misspelled, every typo and every sentence which in English does not fully cover that what I am trying to express to you on how much I liked this Film.Deadpool does not have loose ends, does not have moments which leave you wondering afterwards about how do they not make sense. Some people may find the abundance of humour confusing in a superhero movie, but hey, how would you be if nothing could kill you?I enjoyed every joke, every one liner, every reference to other movies. The entire audience in the cinema couldn't stop laughing. And for your information, the Dutch are the hardest audience to entertain. Now the only thing I am not sure off is that female viewers may go home with severe lack of self esteem due to the overload of extreme good looking women (and the occasional nudity.....skip that....loads of T&A)I am also worried about milking Deadpool. The sequel will never be able to top the first. So unless the studio is confident they are able to make something better, my advice would be; please don't bother. Let this one become an icon. This film raised the bar and set the standard for films to come in this genre.If I was asked to say something about this film in one sentence than it would be this; Too much of anything is never a good thing, until deadpool was made... 20 century fox finally did something right. They not only gave a great character justice, but they casted possibly the best person to play him. Ryan Reynolds did to Deadpool what peanut butter did to jelly. Yeah!! That good! The movie is made for the fans the comic book, but more importantly its made with one thing in mind. Don't hold any punches, literally & figuratively. Now you may not get all the comic book jokes or puns, but you will get satisfied with not only the humor, but great action and effects. I have waited along time for one of the X-Men movies to do my boy Colossus justice, whoever thought it would be in Deadpool. Date movie, sure (if she likes that kinda of thing), family movie/kids movie... not so much. Deadpool will make waves in this industry with it being a lower budget comic book movie that was a hit in my eyes. With a lot of promise for future movies, 20th Century fox, just might have redeemed its self from the fantastic four.....Well maybe not, but this was definitely a step in the right direction. They said it couldn't be done. They said "Deadpool" will never be made and I, as well as others, almost agreed. After his abysmal performance in X-crement Origins: Wimperine, the potential of The Merc With A Mouth, was almost terminated without fanfare. Good ol Wade Wilson just couldn't get a break.Well, after so many trials and tribulations, Deadpool was finally given the green light and lo and behold, he bursts out of the comics and onto the silver screen with spectacular results so vulgar, so violent, so crude, yet so refreshingly simple, that it set the bar for R-rated comic book movies; quite possible for years to come. This film proved that violent superheroes...actually...make that anti-heroes can be immensely profitable; judging be the film's juggernaut box-office success. As an origin story, Deadpool is great, showing us a side to the Merc With A Mouth with a violent, vulgar side to the character, but also surprisingly, with human depth; something Origins failed to achieve. Character development and human pathos combine to make a troubled and flawed jerk with a heart of gold, a very likable and relate-table jerk with a heart of gold.Yes, the action is bloody, yet great with slo-mo effects and yes the humor is vulgar and narcissistic, but it fits the character very well. But most importantly, is the acting and Ryan Reynolds NAILS it perfectly. I can think of no other actor that is much suited for the role and he is simply perfect; with his manic personality and spot on wisecracks. The film simply wouldn't work without a hard R rating. Thankfully, the studio let the filmmakers run wild in high octane adventure and explosive gravitas.Props to all involved in Deadpool. It's smart, stylish, and refreshingly original. I'm glad they had the balls to make a R-rated Marvel comic book movie and they achieved it. One of the best films of the year and I can't wait for the inevitable sequel. A second and third viewing is definitely not out of the question. Great film, great cast, great direction. Simply put. Great R-rated comic book movie!! After seeing the trailer a few times and while becoming slightly impatient, we had very high expectations, however Deadpool overtook them. It is a movie for big children, forbidden to children, so do leave your -14 at home :) A very blunt humour, which makes it more realistic, awesome special effects and the general idea that all the cast had lots of fun making it. Ryan Reynolds is at his best, so much better than the Green Lantern, which was not his fault, but this is one of the differences between DC Comics and Marvel Comics. We will go see it again, especially that it is shown on a 170 square meters MacroXe Ultra HD Screen only for a limited period of time. 