There is nothing wrong about this film... there is nothing right about it either. It's just another Adam Sandler feel-good movie, and if you like these (I certainly do), you will like this movie too. If you hate them for a lack of plot or the shallowness of the jokes, you won't. I just know I laughed a numerous amount of times, and I felt good after having watched it.And no, I'm not a stupid guy; I like a good plot, good acting, directing and well-thought-of puns as does the next guy. But there are times when you feel like watching a complicated drama, and there are times when you feel like watching a no-brainer.This is definitely a no-brainer, which will make you feel good from time to time. That's why Adam Sandler makes these movies, and that's why they keep doing so well.They will make you feel good :) This is one of, if not the best piece of any category of media/entertainment I have ever seen. This movie made me laugh almost every minute of the film but some how made me think harder than I ever had to with its hard hitting takes on racism, sexism, and classism. With hilarious scenes like the pool scene, to beautiful cinematography at the water skiing scene. Is strongly recommended to all people, whether your a kid, an adult you can enjoy this movie at its fullest. I think there is something wrong with you "americans"! You really hate Adam Sandler. But why? Here in Europe not in your "full of dreams country", he is really appreciated! And he deserves it! I'm sure that 9out of 10 watched this with a girlfriend, mother, nerd friend... watch it with friends, drink beer, think how you are going to look in 10-20 years and you will find it very funny! And I still think that its USA to blame! For the good people from Europe- watch it! The actors are fine, yes the story is known but not "Adam Sandler known". Bottom line- in USA its not good enough, Europe- a nice relaxing comedy from a well known actor. Great one-liner thorughout the movie, it was like stand-up comics delivery. Always feel affection for the entire cast, Sandler, James, Rock, Spades and yes.. even Schneider. Can't wait for Grown Ups 3! i don't know about the rest of the people who reviewed this movie, but it was hilarious! it was a good old' family comedy. the boys Adam, Kevin, Chris, David and rob to a great job bringing back the old days of summer. when kids used to go outside from morning to night to play; and not sit inside glued to a screen or any sort. i didn't try to predict anything, i just say back and watched the movie.its a 10 our of 10 for me simply because it was entertaining from beginning to end. even the stupid parts; like the night time water bottle scene. its was stupid and pointless, but funny. and then it rolls into another funny scene. the movie has heart, i'm telling you, you should go see it despite what other people say; they probably hold their phones like they're drinking tea, little finger up. don't over look this movie. it's a great family movie, has constant jokes and gags. and we should all take something away from it, nostalgia. i know i miss those days. take this movie for what it is at face value. its just a bunch of men being...well, boys. Now Grown-Ups is an excellent movie to teenagers. The movie is centered around them. Hot girls, funny jokes, sports, etc. Anyways I've read a couple comments and the people who hate on this movie are probably out of their teen years. My opinion is Grown-Ups is a very funny comedy. Now sure it doesn't have a plot but that doesn't make it stop from being a good movie. Plus the PG-13 rating is perfect because little kids and teenagers can watch it.I also have to ask why do people complain and complain? Multiple reviews comment about the marriages in the movie. No way someone that fat can get someone that hot! Really? It's a movie. I mean look at Avatar? No one says "Hey, Pandora isn't real! Let's hate on it!" Movies don't need to be realistic they just need to appeal to people. It certainly appeals to me and to many other people.That's what I think people can argue with me but that's their opinion. What's the most important thing you want out of a comedy? You want to get a good laugh out of it. It's not important if the story isn't complicated and doesn't contain a lot of action. No, for me a good comedy means a bunch of tacky jokes, some unfortunate accidents and a happy end. Kind of like National Lampoons, but instead of Chevy Chase, here's Adam Sandler with his buddies and family having a nice weekend with each other and the rest you should see for yourselves. I thought this movie is so worth seeing and I almost didn't because of the bad reviews it got. I'm very glad I saw it anyway, because it really made me want to give my review and here it is; I think this movie represents an all American feel good movie with lots of hilarious moments and is very laid back. Two thumbs up! OK...I just saw the movie and i loved it.. If you're expecting an old Adam sandler movie then chances are you won't like it.. Its about a bunch of grown up friends who get together at a cabin and their adventures for a couple of days... And it is hilarious...You don't laugh throughout the movie, but you are likely to have like a series of laughs... The humor is very real humor.. not the overtly silly retarded comedy of old sandler movies.Don't get me wrong i like that kind of humor too...They take shots at each other, reminisce about the past, tries to relive their childhood games...Steve Buscemi is hilarious..God bless him...A lot of people said there isn't any story..And there isn't...Like i said this is very real humor, its like we are seeing a few of their moments over a period of 2-3 days... I instantly related to them because thats what me and my friends do sometimes...I really loved this movie..relax,grab a beer,have some friends come over and give it a watch... I do not understand why it is 6 we really enjoyed and watched it again very funny. one of the best of adam sandler movies For the beautiful bond of friendship! Watch it to cheer yourself, laughters and deep smiles. This movie is really funny...I am definitely not the target audience as I am a young adult female. I almost like the 2nd one better than this one but they are both 10 stars for comedy in my opinion. I also like to watch these movies as stand alone. While i can watch both at any time of the year, this one I prefer to watch at the end of summer or Fourth of July while the 2nd is the perfect way to start the summer. 
10/10 I watch this film 5 times everyday, Even in the shower! I just love how lovable and silly the main characters are. My personal favourite is Marcus, I have honestly never related to a character so much in my life. This movie tackles the issues of family, love, friendship and humour and does a perfect job of just wrapping it all together into one magical gift from god. Although the little graphic violence that is shown scares me a little bit I just close my eyes and go to my happy place (which is the location where this was filmed) I would choose to see this over Forrest Gump any day. I watched this with the lads, knowing it was going to be pretty decent as Adam Sandler is a strong favorite. Although expecting it to be pretty good, unknown to the fact that it was going to be one of the all time bests, hilarious and unique is funny for everyone although may not be appropriate for sensitive viewers. I later watched with my daughter and wife and both classed it as their favorite movie, sitting in tears of laughter. Many famous characters that you know are funny. Contains a small amount of strong language, and a few sex scenes. The script has been written with immense thought and skill, in which only the best with a sense of humour could write. joke after joke, cringes and true, this is most definitely one of the best. im not sure (why) anyone would rate this movie so low? my husband and i just saw the movie yesterday and we laughed like crazy from start to finish! anyone who loves all of the other adam sandler movies just has to see this one as its way too funny! outstanding cast, awesome acting, we were wondering (why) anyone would give this awesome funny movie a bad review? you will walk away from this movie feeling great and with a smile on your face! outstanding actors that were in his previous movies and outstanding music too. its hard to find a really great movie these days and this one is simply outstanding and is what one would expect. a must see for the entire family. if you liked all the other previous movies then you cant miss this one as you will laugh all the way through! very very funny! I have seen many movies and read many reviews. I never decide which movie to see due to a review good or bad. I have my own taste.With any movie, you need to see it for what it is and not what others say it should be, having said that....I LOVED this movie. In this economy, we are forced to think before we can drop hard earned money on anything not deemed necessary. This movie was everything I thought it would be, nobody is going for Acadamy Awards with this movie, it was a bunch of comedic actors, putting forth a great effort in making a movie that would bring a smile to your face. I thought they did it very well. No grandstanding by any one actor, solid group effort. Many films these days, seem to be more interested in effects and "symbolism" or cult following. Grown Ups is flat out a joy to watch, it doesn't get boring and it made me laugh...really laugh. With all that is going on in the world and in my life, it was nice to sit back for a while and allow these fine people to entertain me for a while. I seen this on DVD, but I would have paid top price in the movie theater to see this movie. I tip my hat to all those involved in this production. I think actors of today only make the movies they think will draw awards and draw the biggest buck,and they forget who they are making these movies for, not themselves but for us. This group remembers and made the movie with the hopes of bringing us laughter, and they did so 110%. I just saw this movie with my girlfriend recently, and it was probably the most fun experience ever!!!! I literally could not stop laughing!! The story line was pure genius! I love all of Adam Sandlers movies til death, but I believe this is the best of them all!!! 1)This 2)Big Daddy 3)Happy Gilmore... This movie is recommended to all pure Adam Sandler fans. People, please don't be haters, just because he is silly and immature, he is comedic genius!! I really don't think I have laughed harder in my life!!! It was funnier than The Hangover, Step Brothers and all of those. If you are still reading this, STOP!, and go see it, I promise you will be entertained!!! Grown ups is a fun and relaxing comedy. I took my wife to see it and we both greatly enjoyed it. Now people may complain about this or that but if they do they miss the point the movie is trying to make. 1978 a group of friends playing basketball win the big Championship and the coach as a reward rents a beautiful cabin for all of them and their families to enjoy. The Coach makes a speech about how they should all approach life like they did this game and they will be winners champions with no regrets. flash forward 30 years later and each of them receives a phone call the coach is dead. They decide to rent the cabin and hold a reunion bringing their families with them and to try to introduce them to the magic of their childhood years and teenage years. Adam Sandler is a wealthy high powered Hollywood agent who just wants his kids to grow up to be normal and not spoiled. Chris Rock is a henpecked house husband who gets no respect from his business woman wife or his kids or his mother in law. Kevin James is a typical dad with a wife and kids and a weight problem his wife still breast feeds their 4 year old son and the magic has gone out of their life. Rob Schneider is a dramatic love them and leave them man except he loves the older ladies. David Spade is the single guy here and he's the drunken party animal. All of them have secrets and all of them feel like failures in one way or the other. But by the time this weekend is over secrets are revealed and friendships are restored and marriages are given back their magic. this movie does not promise the earth moon and the stars All it wants is for you to relax shut your brain off and park your worries in the lobby. It's not a laugh every scene or a laugh riot but it does have laughs and it is a nice lazy relaxing movie that we all need once in a while. I loved this movie and recommend it for what it is. If people take it too seriously then they missed it's point. As I walked into the Dimly lit Wales theater, I felt excitement in the air as 7 of the theater goers, prepared themselves for a journey into the world of wisdom. The start of the movie brought me back to my 4th grade basketball days at the Wales academy! Coach buzzer reminded me of my old jolly coach!!!!:) the jokes knocked my knickers off as I almost choked on my taffy! Adam truly captured the essence of a Hollywood dad urning to be normal! David reminded me of my GBF:) I wanted to squeeze Kevins dimples! And the baby who was breastfeeded was tot adore! Chris is your stereotypical black man who plays mr.mom.... Their were parts that made me want to chring in pain. Some parts may not be suitable for young theater goers! Or for those with a hefty appitite. At the end they loose the game! Such a bloke! This movie is a must and provokes all bloody great emotions of my days in the grammar school! When is started this movie I was expecting the usual Sandler Schneider brand of slapstick humor.
The ratings didn't help either.
But I was surprised to see a heart warming family comedy. Just when you think it's gonna get messy, they just pull back a little.
I don't know how I missed it for 10 years.
Don't go by the ratings, just enjoy it. This is classic Bad Boys of SNL the funniest group of the 1990s just having fun and being guys. The only flaw in this movie is Farley's absence.
The one thing I love about Sandler is he doesn't care about critics, awards, or anything else, he lives his life.
A trait most of us have long since forgotten, or never had.If you don't like this movie, you've just grown up.Loved it! It takes me back to the good times I've had and still have with my friends.Good simple funny and heartwarming, just like Sandler Adam and the boys kill it! Good family fun. This is one of those movies we could watch over and over. MAAAAIIIZZZZEEEEEE No need to think hard when watch this movie. just watch as the plot flow.
i cannot stop to laugh,
good connection between the cast that made the movie worth to make us laugh. The way this movie satirizes modern education and at the same time enhances family and long term friends values is absolutely fantastic.All this joined with Adam Sandler's ability for representing and the nice jokes themselves, makes a perfect combination.I would love to watch the third episode!! I just saw Grown Ups and I thought it was hilarious. Adam Sandler, David Spade, Kevin James, Chris Rock, and Rob Shnider had perfect chemistry. We all know Spade, Sandler, and Schnider from SNL. It's amazing how funny these guys are when they're together. There were a few moments that were funny and some moments where it's so funny you choke on your popcorn.There was a gag that kind of grossed me out a bit. The scene where an arrow goesthrough Shniders foot seemed a bit icky but there was no gore. It's one of those moments where you're going, "Hahahahaha eww...hahahaha...eww."If you're a Sandler fanatic like me I would recommend seeing Grown ups no matter what the haters say. After many years a movie which makes you laugh. I have been on three flights where i have seen people laughing uncontrollably loud as it is simply hilarious. If your idea of a movie is something that is always serious and get out a message this is not the one for you. However for light hearted comedy that has you tearing with laughter throughout the movie this is the one. There were 5 of us who watched the movie which included females aged between 35-45and we all loved it and voted it one of the best lighthearted movies of recent time. The movie explores how people who are equals at school grow up to follow many different paths some successful some not so. Along the way they all have issues rich or poor and true friendship transcends wealth or fame and can give you happiness. In todays context the movie gets a message across in a funny way. What more can i say great movie 100 minutes of pure laughter. 