I loved this film. It's funny and creative. Kept my daughter (9.5) captivated. She just had to call Grandma afterward to tell her all about it. I watched this movie on June 30th, Amazon Prime Member. My kids and myself. Enjoyed this movie. A very cute summer movie. I believe this movie is just for kids and adults! Kids humor were they understand. I heard so many kids laughter and engaged to the movie. Not even a cry, not even loud remarks or playing with some sort of toy/phone. I will be back to watch this on the 14th of July!. It's a good movie for the whole family. Bleh Bleh Bleh! Hotel Transylvania is not one of my favorite animated sagas and the first two were funny and entertaining, but completely average. And my expectations for this one weren't too high.But then I realized that I started laughing hard within the first 5 minutes of it, and I was more surprised every minute of how good it was. The characters are lovely and the script is very well done and heart-warming, and it keeps you laughing all the time.I never thought I would enjoy this movie so much. I highly recommend it to watch it with your family and kids, and if you're an adult you'll love it as well. Totally worth of your time.Enjoy!10/10 The monsters are back. This time the patriarch Count Dracula is seeking love and companionship. He is lonely. After unsuccessful attempt in seeking a partner on the inter web he discovers a love interest in the beautiful Captain of a holiday cruise ship. A love tale of hope and love, this sweet story showcases how life is too short, even if you have eternal life and to live alone in a sea of strangers. I loved it and it made me believe in happily ever after regardless if things work out as planned. Dr Wilson Triviño This movie was the best of the franchise. I sincerely readjusted my thoughts of the whole series. A fun and fresh sequel. Hey creators, I noticed the 1985 John Candy's Summer Rental reference in the opening Summer Vacation title! Genuine cool. I hope for a 4th installment! Hotel Transylvania 3 is just awesome!!
Previous ones were great too, but I think this one was even better and funnier:) HT franchise is great 1 I love, 2 no so much, 3 omg great couldnt stop laughing, great music, vanhelsing is great but I did not like his grand grand Dougther. I liked,I want see again, was very funny, dome time I want be Dracula bla bla bla jejeje I didn't see the first 2 Hotel Transylvania movies, but went to see this one on a day off from school with kids. I loved it. It was fun, kept my attention, and entertained the kids and adults. I can't wait to see the first two movies now! I was very pleasantly surprised. This was the best movie ever made. I suggest That everyone must see it twice and then buy all three movies. I know that you will love this one As a fan of the previous two I was patiently waiting for the 3rd installment. I went in with relatively low expectations as sequels typically are not as good as their predecessors. This was better than the others in every aspect. The writers did an awesome job by making it entertaining for kids and adults. While the first films elicited a slight chuckle here and there, there were several scenes in this where I was laughing out loud. Also, anyone who has ever been on a cruise can relate to many of the scenes which made it even more enjoyable. I feel it's IMDb rating was preordained without many people seeing it as it's score is absurdly underwhelming. It's worth 10 stars in my book and I highly recommend it. Loved this movie. Even though its targeted to a younger audience. The jokes were so dry that they become amazing. This is better than TH2. The comedy was creative and imaginative, the writing was good quality, the style is appealing, the colours were bright and the music was spot on. A good storyline kept me entertained and would appeal to all ages - as would the humour. A great summer film for the whole family. I took my 7 year old to see this movie. We have watched the first 2 like 100 times each and she just can't get enough of it. When I saw they were making a 3rd one I promised her we would see it when it came out. I was afraid since this was the 3rd movie that it wouldn't be that good. I was wrong! My daughter and I both enjoyed this movie. It's a great family movie that will have both parents and children laughing. We really enjoyed it and I hope they continue to make more Hotel Transylvania movies. The first two Hotel Transylvania movies were great! But I was wondering how they were going to create another one that could possibly be better than the first two. However, within the first five minutes, my kids and I were hysterically laughing!! Hands down, one of our favorites! I would definitely watch it again. For sure. I don't get all the bad reviews. Simple as. Granted, I did feel a bit skeptic when the movie came out, but the storyline and comedy completely pulled me in. I watched this with my younger sister and I have to say it is great for many audiences (I'm 15. She's 5.). If you loved the last 2 or even just one, go and see it. It's fun and harmless. Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation is absolutely fantastic in every way. It's more fun, beautiful, hilarious, and better than the 2nd film. I mean I still love the 1st Hotel Transylvania and Hotel Transylvania 2, but Hotel Transylvania 3, it's absolutely more fun for all the monsters to have the best 'Summer Vacation' ever!!! :)Don't miss: 
Hotel Transylvania 
and Hotel Transylvania 2 The kids and even my fiancé and I loved this movie! We love all 3 of them films but this one was a fun and different approach than the last 2, which I enjoyed. My 18mo sat through the entire film at the movie theaters without saying a peep. It definitely grabbed his attention. 
All in all, it's an adorable family film! What I really liked about Hotel Transylvania 3 was Mavis. She's cute and she became a mother in the sequel with Dennis. That's why I like her. I laughed at the bleh-bleh-bleh parts. "Return of the millennial's: Hello, Generation Z!"Its funny, because there was no movie before it.A musical about and for milennials starring top actors and musicians whom are democratic. I loved the first two as did my daughter but I thought this one was awesome. The music was great, the story was heartwarming and the characters were funny. I absolutely loved the sound design in the movie !! The music was fantastic as well as the artwork and design of the film. I don't tend to like animated movies all that much, but this movie was fantastic and probably one of my favorite animated movies !! I had fun with every little detail of it , I really really like it So often film critics can fail to comprehend the emmence work required from the story teller in writing to the full scripts acting voicings being brought to life on the screen to captivate and encorage positive interaction in LifeThanks for working to produce a great animation motion picture highlighting Love and Change to learn to make better choices . Bravo 