This movie is terrible. What a poor excuse with all of the talent involved. I am so glad that Adam Sandler and his friends had fun making this piece of garbage. Next time include a paying audience in on the joke. It would have been nice if one joke (were there any?) would have worked. Did I mention that not one joke worked? Adam Sandler claims that he co-wrote this mess, but we all know there was never a script. Adam just called up his SNL drinking buddies and said, "Hey, Let's take a vacation and film it for $80 million and charge people for it". Adam Sandler plays just a lazier version of himself. There is nothing he does in his movie that is amusing, but he did manage to crack himself up in nearly every scene. So at least he has that going for him. (I know that Adam's character stepped on the line and that is why he grew up to be a jerk.) I don't think anyone told Chris Rock that they were filming a movie until after it was completed. He looks befuddled in every scene. It is a shame that he is so bad in this trash when he was so good in Death At A Funeral. His acting in this movie is the real kiss of death. Kevin James has never ever been funny and so I expected nothing from him and he delivered a grand slam. Kevin spends almost half the movie inside a KFC box. That is how embarrassed he was. Dennis Dugan did a lazy job of directing(?) this "woodland waste". It's like he just set the camera down and let these 5 men try to act around it. I bet he spent most of his time trying to convince the stars how funny each scene was. He should be Razzy nominated. I will skip to the end of the movie because nothing really ever happened. Out of nowhere comes not even half-baked melodrama with each couple overcoming some stupid problem. Each issue is brought up and resolved within 5 minutes and then never mentioned again! Why bother even brining it up in the first place because no one cares in the slightest. The final basketball showdown is filmed as if the entire crew fell asleep. I've seen more tension in a Dora the Explorer episode. Sandler's final lesion is worthless and really doesn't make much sense when you think about everything that has happened before it. Sandler's family was due for a loss and the evil guy was due for a win. What??? The evil guy was a jerk to everyone in the movie. And besides how do you know he was due for a win you haven't been in town for a long time. You know nothing about his life. How in the world does that insignificant game change that much? No one in the audience is buying that ending Sandler. No one. The women characters in the movie do nothing of note, are interchangeable and look as bored as they audience watching these 5 idiots try and make the lamest stuff funny. I won't mention the women by name to spare them of unfair blame. And last but certainly not least (or very least) is the acting duo (?) of Spade and Schneider. They are so bad that they make the acting in Troll 2 look Oscar worthy. Both should have to give up their SAG cards for this. I want to vomit just thinking of their acting again. They are worse then amateurs. I think both of them must be hiding a dark secret of Sandlers; otherwise why are they here. I have an idea for Adam Sandler's next movie. Please call it "Train Wreck". This way when it is released no one will be surprised when it sucks.Rarely do I have the urge to beat up the people connected with a film, but thats the case with Grown Ups possibly the least entertaining film Adam Sandler and crew have been attached to.The plot has a bunch of guys, connected by a winning basketball team in their childhood all coming together after the death of their coach. Their lives are miserable and their families terrible but lovable, but coming together they find its all been a wonderful life.Or something.Its rich whiny stars playing rich whiny people in a story that is fake as they come. There are no characters their are only situations and punch lines. At no point did I feel any of these people or situations were real. It just felt like I was being put on and sold a bill of goods.I really didn't like this film at all.Usually i am a big fan of Adam Sandler, Chris Rock and most of all Kevin James. I was actually somewhat excited to watch this movie. How ever when i walked out with my friends, i was telling them, it might be one of the worst movies i ever saw. The humor is shallow and it is a pathetic attempt for laughs. Most jokes were so predictable that they lost all sense of humor about them. The directing was appalling. The story was boring. I pray that there is no Grown Ups 2. Another factor that is irritating is Adam Sandler and his pals. after the many funny movies they made it becomes repetitave and you ask yourself why cant there be a different cast for once?This is a harsh review but exactly how I feel a few hours after watching it - unhappy and depressed! I looked at the front cover of the DVD in tesco, it looked fun, was £3 and promised lots with some of the best comedy actors in the business, I was excited to see it, I love Sandler, Buscemi, Rock, James and Schneider...then......Two hours later... I was wondering whether to hang myself or convince myself that times have changed and this is what comedy is now. This film is without a doubt one of the unfunniest funny films ever.There can be no real spoilers for there is no real plot - that's okay though, some films without plot are some of the best ever made - but this is just badly written and it's one of those films where every scene you're watching: you're thinking to yourself "Well, my Nan could have made that scene funnier" (by writing it, not starring in it!) I've turned away from Hollywood before and if this is the new future of comedy then count me and millions of others out.Is this the final nail in the coffin of the career of Adam Sandler? Maybe! But when 'Men in Black 3' is funnier than the latest Sandler film then you know that something has gone terribly wrong. This has actually been £3 wasted and I've never said that about a film before.If you want a film to make you go "huh, that was kinda comical" three or four times in a tedious two hour sitting then this is it, if you want to have a good laugh and feel good about yourself after - head off elsewhere!How is this crap at 5.9? one of the worst movies that I have ever seen.Now before you say that I have no sense of humor, I will say that I'm a big fan of some of Adam Sandler, Kevin James, and Chris Rock. David Spade and Rob Schnider? Not so much. I loved The Waterboy, Hitch, Madagascar, Funny People, Dogma, Good Hair, The King of queens, Spanglish, Punch drunk love, happy gilmore etc.So I do like these actors. That's why I was so disappointed. This films a mess. No plot. No characters. The jokes are dull as hell. The humor is so lowbrow. The script is so flat. The actors do their best with what they're given, but it's not enough.and to make things worse, the film is just boring. From the very beginning, I was checking the time. I maybe chuckled twice. That's not enough. These guys probably had a lot of fun making this movie and they probably thought that they were being really funny, but I just didn't feel the same way. I was bored, irritated, and disappointed.I'm going to keep this short and sweet. I never write reviews on IMDb but I couldn't resist this one. This movie is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Don't waste your time watching this...Cannot believe Adam Sandler did this movie. I almost turned this movie off watching it and I don't usually do that either. I'm not sure how anyone could even think this movie is good at all. If you like this movie you probably have terrible tastes in movies. I was angry that I wasted 5 dollars to rent this on-demand. Also might I add that I think it is dumb that I have to write at least 10 lines of text when I do not need ten lines to say how bad this movie is and save everyone their time and money.To sum up this movie in the least time possible, One would be better off lighting a candle and watching it burn until it's gone. Magnolia Matt paint drying on a wall is far more entertaining than this movie. however they managed to get all these people to finish making it is beyond me. Don't waste your time. Adam sandler and the rest of them seem to be sleepwalking through this movie, We managed 40 minutes of it until we looked at each other wondering why we were wasting a perfectly good evening watching this rubbish. My only advice is to avoid at all costs unless your idea of a good evening is watching paint dry. No plot No comedy. no nothing really.I watched this film at a friends house after a dinner party.From beginning to end I found this movie to be shockingly bad. The film centres on a slob who we have to imagine is successful (Adam Sandler) who lives in Beverly Hills with a family accustomed to city- living. Their child only drinks Voss water. Another slob (Kevin James) has a four year old child who demands to drink only milk that is his mother's breast milk and this same joke is repeated horrifyingly throughout the film. The climax of the film ends in some kind of basketball square-off between two groups of high school friends while the spectators, all back country rednecks wearing US flag shirts, cheer on.The whole movie is like an SNL reunion of mostly has been actors. Steve Buscemi makes a fool out of himself for a laugh.I cannot believe that with all the movie ideas that are shelved that this movie is somehow produced. This is the worst film I have ever seen. I find it disappointing that this film grossed many millions of dollars while other films (many outside of the Hollywood trashcan) which receive little advertising and don't make it to the cinemas are exponentially better.There are VERY few films I can't make it all the way through, in fact almost none. This is one of them. I actually really like many of Adam Sandler's previous films (not so much recently). I think Chris Rock is a hilarious stand up genius. The fat bloke I'm not familiar with (in Britain). David Spade gives me the absolute creeps - the only time I found him watchable was in Joe Dirt. Rob Schneider has done some passable comedy, apparently...I don't think there was any purpose to this film other than getting together a bunch of well known/semi-well known comedians and have them bounce dialogue off each other. It just doesn't work though, in fact it's painfully unfunny. After about the first 20 minutes you realise 'this is it'...How (the declining) Sandler and Rock thought this was a good move (or even a releasable movie) is beyond me.You can expect: Utterly unrealistic characters (and not in a funny way). (pathetic and constant) Fart jokes. (bad) Fat jokes. (bad)'Foreigner' jokes. Horrific 'lovable' banter between middle aged drooling sexist cretins that is supposed to be endearing. No semblance of a plot at all. Even 'Wild Hogs' had the formulaic plot of buddies meeting up after a long absence and managed to amuse quite well...Also, quite a mean spirited and obnoxious film, as has been observed by others.Sandler, you've done some hugely enjoyable comedy films - what happened? Rock - just, why?? Fat bloke - I don't know who you are but you being fat seems to amuse Americans. Rob Schneider - you have done some comedy that other people like. David Spade - you are as creepy as ever and bizarrely supposed to be attractive to women in the film?Do yourself a favour and watch Waterboy, Anger Management, Happy Madison or a Chris Rock stand up show for laughs. I'd hate for anyone to waste money and time on this stinking t#rd.I think the worst thing had to be the sentimental scenes from childhood, lambasted with child humour. Completely unfunny jokes, the fact that they used other characters laughing to make you laugh because the scenes were not funny (in the church, all the characters laugh and snigger while a character sings Opera, it's not funny, but they bring in a veritable television audience to laugh in the crowd so you might laugh along, like a sheep).There's a bit where they all get on a boat randomly. They talk for a while before the gag in the scene happens. This was so cliché, corny and sentimental prior to the joke that I actually don't remember a line of dialogue, I even said to my friend next to me "I phased out during that what'd they say?" And he said "I have no idea either". Enough said.His wife gets angry and storms off to the toilet, they decide to stay a while and she storms off with a toilet seat protector stuck to her bum. It's completely basal humour. It's not funny at all, completely desperate. The film is laced with them, as well as a comedic sidekick in the guise of vegan wannabe Rob Schneider (worst actor ever? Possibly).The amount of misogynistic staring at bottom jokes and looking at breasts is off the scale. Actual breast milk jokes. There is nothing funny in this film, but there's a lot of sad sad moments. Watching Adam Sandler's career melt into irrelevant middle age is probably the saddest.