I tried to enjoy this movie. I gave more effort into trying than I've ever attempted. It was a sorry excuse for a movie. I'm sure this movie adds more to the stereotype of how truly messed up American culture is...teenagers consumed with sex, beer, and drugs, who have an EXTREMELY limited vocabulary. The only reason I didn't walk out was because I was visiting my brother in another state. It's kind of hard to walk out of a movie theater and go home when you don't know where the hell you are. This movie took two hours of my life I will never get back...they could have been spent watching a movie that was actually original and not coated with the F word more than Louisiana was coated with water two years ago. I sat through Napoleon Dynamite...which, in my opinion, was terrible. But at least that movie was slightly original.If it hadn't been rated R, this would have been the perfect movie for an eight year old...it seems like only people with the brain of one could possibly enjoy such trash.I don't understand how this movie can have a rating of 7.9. Maybe the people voting on this one first reduced their IQ's by about a 100 points. I think that the name of this movie says it all. When you go to see it (which I suggest you don't) you can expect to have a SUPERBAD time. The maker of this movie seems to have no train of thought. The storyline is completely mind numbingly dumb. The two main characters are completely gay for each other. You can hear the word "fuck" at least 2 million times in the movie making your ears sick of hearing it by the end of it. Add to all this it is two hours long at the end of which you might feel like killing yourself. Take my word for it skip this movie, its as bad as it could get.I had to think back over the plethora of movies I've seen, and this is the worst piece of garbage, hands down, that I have ever seen produced. Of course, mass audiences are eating it up, much like they eat up the swill at HomeTown Buffet, replete with it's new and improved sneeze guards. If you loved the likes of "Men In Black", "True Lies", "American Pie" or any Jackie Chan movie, you'll probably love this stinker. Likewise, if you don't understand why I'd use the aforementioned films as criteria when they ostensibly aren't of the same genre as this pile of feces, let me offer a simpler litmus test: Do you laugh uproariously when people say the words, "tits", "fart", "booger", "vagina", or "dude, I'm gonna hurl!" in no particular context other than just saying the words? If so, this movie is for you. If none of these tests apply to you, save yourself the extreme boredom and waste of spending more than 1 second on this worthless endeavor. I started squirming from boredom during the opening credits and stuck it out, for reasons unknown, up until the midway point before I had to leave. It was the first time I actually felt like replicating that scene from "Family Guy" where Stewie flew out to Hollywood to slap a director in the face for causing him to waste 90 minutes of his life on such a patently worthless and unentertaining disaster. This movie was insipid, uninspired, vapid, tiresome, trite and wasn't even effective at its attempts at vulgarity. The characters and dialog were loathsome as was the direction and writing. I'm sure it will be a box office smash given the putrid tastes of American audiences.I would give this film a negative rating if I could. Although saying that, I'm not sure if I can give it a fair rating because I walked out of the cinema. This was by far the worst film I have EVER seen, and I've seen a few bad ones! The characters are annoying, and there was no dialogue apart from all the possible profanities you can think of. Don't get me wrong, crude can sometimes be funny, hell I quite liked American Pie and 40 Year Old Virgin, but they at least had a bit more depth than this waste of our money. Cringe factor out of 10 was 100000 for this movie. It was vile, truly vile. I lasted till the part with "the blood" (those who have seen it will know what I'm talking about), when I looked at my boyfriend and we both decided enough was enough. It takes a lot to make me truly uncomfortable when watching a movie but Superbad took it to a whole new level. Please don't waste an hour and a half of your life watching this garbage.Something that hasn't been picked up as frequently as I suspected it might have been is the 'trivia' section fact that the idea for this, er, 'movie' was dreamt up by two 13-year-olds.Boy, does it ever show. In 30+ years of movie-going I have never seen such a pile of puerile, unfunny, self-indulgent nonsense.Quite disgusting, and it's incomprehensible to me that anyone over the age of ten could find this plot less mess amusing or worthwhile.Thankfully it's no longer the case but to see this odious crap in the IMDb top 250 a few weeks ago was staggering. It's slipped away now that the brain damaged people who rate this film have left their '10' and been readmitted to their secure unit.At one point, this film rated higher than Scarface. The latter film is the topic of discussion and retrospectives well over two decades after its release and I would bet than in another couple of decades people will still be talking about Tony Montana's exploits. 'Superbad', if there is a God, will be forgotten by Christmas. Amen to that.Avoid this prurient rubbish at all costs, unless you have a mental age of 10, in which case 'Superbad' is the mothership.I don't think I watched enough of 'Superbad' to be able to review it fairly, if I'm being honest. I lasted until just after the section that recounted Seth's childhood obsession with drawing dicks, and realised "hey, it's sunny outside, I'm in swingin' London.. I have literally got better things to do than sit here and watch this". Congratulations to 'Superbad' on being the first film that I have ever walked out of.Big slaps in the face to intelligent media like the Guardian for hyping this up as a rip-roaring comedy. I liked previous Apatow films, but this just wasn't funny. At all. It was incredibly dull, nothing but end-to-end euphemisms for breasts, vaginas and shagging with no actual dialogue inbetween. Not a single laugh was heard in the half-full cinema up to the point where I left. Not one single giggle. Does that sound like a rip-roaring comedy to you? I gather after I left, there was some plot and character development, and it actually got funny, but the first half hour was just too stinky for me to sit through, to get to the better bits. Ah well.This is the regular college comedy crap you always see. Same perveted jokes, same perverted characters. Look! Here's Jonah Hill. Who would have guessed he would be in another high school/college movie like Accepted? He is the worst actor ever. Get used to it.The movie is just awful. They spent about five minutes about Seth's obsession with using his artistic skill to draw the human male reproducing organ known as a Penis. Haha.. He's drawing a penis at the age of eleven? Where have I seen this before? You can just guess for yourself.Furthermore, this movie is just awful. I do not recommend it but you can see it at your own risk. And for crying out loud, don't bring your children. I don't want to have to sit at another R rated movie with an eleven year old saying, "COOL!"Thought this was going to be funny. Turned it off half-way through and replaced it with Fast Times to try to relieve the depression "Superbad" thrust upon us.This was a weird buddy movie. "Friends" talking about how to hide a boner and how great it felt? Are you kidding me? Reminded us of those feminine deodorant commercials where the women talk about their problem "odor". Huh??? I agree with the poster who laughed when the fat kid got knocked over by the car - that was funny for all the wrong reasons. And then the guy jumps out and says "I'll do anything?" I was waiting for him to offer "sexual favors". And when the two got into the car with the guy, I was waiting for them to be driven to be raped by a bunch of older guys or something.The two cops reminded me of Cadets Blankes and Harris, and I would not have been the least surprised to see a Blue Oyster Bar prominently featured.There seemed to be a strong sexual overtones throughout the movie, but it involved Seth, Evan, and McLovin and little else.I've heard tag lines that this movie will be "this generation's Porky's." Not even close. Tries way, way too hard and as a result is just plain stupid. Every other word is the F-word? Um, yeah, that gets old real fast. The plot is as old as they come: Male high school student buddies have two weeks 'til graduation, want to have sex before said school is out, must get alcohol along the way or this quest is apparently meaningless, experience unrealistic obstacles along the way, blah, blah, blah (yawn). Nothing unique here whatsoever. Just when there's an opportunity for a clever, funny line they decide "Hey, let's pepper that line with more F-words." Well, at least it lives up to its name, it is Superbad.I have to hand it to Apatow. If you hype any movie enough, you sell tickets. While the 40 year old virgin was good, and knocked up was an average comedy, this movie was sub-sub standard. Maybe, that's why they call it Superbad, because it really is. My wife and I could not wait for this movie to end. It dragged and dragged on.This movie sucked after the first ten minutes. It's like watching a Kevin Smith movie with the profanity, but without the comedy. If you want to see a great buddy profanity comedy, watch Clerks. Most of the dialogue by the 2 best buddies is very gay. Sure everybody knew someone like the fat guy that mouthed off in high school, but they weren't these characters who are practically flaming homos.The whole police chase was downright lame. Finally, I actually felt creeped out when the buddies meet a possible pedophile. "Hey are you guys on MySpace?" I recommend watching the first ten minutes then walking out.If you can't see the emperor's clothes, you are a fool. If you don't perceive the wit and cleverness of this movie you are a prude. It's the same con game. This movie wasn't just unfunny. It was antifunny. It was stupid. It was the soy filler of comedy.I don't mind crude, but it can't JUST be crude. Crude alone ain't funny. You can't shock people into laughter anymore. People have developed a tolerance to it. People used to tell dead baby jokes to try shock people into laughing. That doesn't work any more.Watching movies like this is to the mind as eating junk food is to the colon. You come away stuffed and bloated but still starving for the real thing.The movie wasn't at all funny. The lines weren't that good. I have to say I didn't laugh once. It was a waste of time. The director Judd Apatow needs to go back to making good movies like "40 year old virgin" instead of wasting his time on "superbad" and "knocked up". I'm sorry, but movies like "superbad" hopefully never come out on DVD. The movie was gross with teen out moments. The name McLovin? Are you kidding me? The cops have to be dumber than a bum to let him buy alcohol and think he is 21. I know, it's a movie, but if you want to make it realistic, then try HARDER Judd!!! The movie was filled with too many one-liners that will make you realize it's too much. Not even funny, unlike "anchorman." Superbad was superdumbAbsolutely, categorically not a laugh in it. Anywhere.This is why 13 year old boys don't write films.And not just not funny. Dull. Really dull. Nothing happens.Some guys go to buy beer and go to a party, while their friend with his fake ID has some fun with his new cop friends. So? Don't people do this in real life? Is the name McLovin really that funny? Haven't any of your friends got ridiculous surnames?Honestly - your life is both funnier and more interesting than this.This kind of thing was done much better in the 80s with films like The Sure Thing.Giving it 1 and even that's generous. Grossly overrated movie i've ever came across, really makes me question people's morality and intelligence at the same point. Looking at it as a female made me scared. Seeing that nothing has changed, women are still inferior and only serve for some sexual object and that is it. Ugly guy gets a model looking girl...but could an ugly girl get a model looking guy? It's pure brainwashing, seeding false morality and abominated view upon women. I really am scared it got such high rating...what kind of a person thinks this is even remotely funny? I'm not a Christian i'm not 60 years old either. I'm 24 and a female and i do have values that seem to be lost or rare to find in this days society. Sadly. If you have similar point of view as i do don't even bother with this garbage of a movie. Waste of your money, time and brain cells. It felt like my IQ has lowered after watching it.Sorry for any possible grammar mistakes, English isn't my native language.The title says it all, Superbad is awful. It has got to be one of the absolute worst movies I have ever watched. Thank heavens I did not pay to see it. I would have demanded my money back if I had. There is zero to recommend about this movie. The characters are flat, at times making me cringe. If I found myself attending school with these three Neanderthals I would transfer immediately. The story line is pathetic,an embarressment to any thinking person. There was absolutely nothing interesting or entertaining about this movie. Garbage. Worth about as much as the celluloid it was made on, if celluloid is still being used. I can not in good taste recommend this movie to anyone with half a brain.Okay, I have to start this out that I barely made it through 20 minutes of this movie before I just had to turn it off. Maybe it's my age, but I have watched other "teen" and "young adult" flicks and found them at least cute. This movie should be renamed Super Awful. But the original title works just as well when describing this flick. I found none of the jokes funny, that the heavier kid had to use a 4-letter word every other word (or so it seemed), that the geeky kid was referred to as a homo, and well, just the general way they talked to one another, all this made the movie a major turn-off. I am around young people this age quite a bit (teacher), and have a son this age, and even he said he could not watch this horrible movie. My son at least made it to 30 minutes before he said he was not wasting one more second on this drivel.I can enjoy a vulgar movie. I can enjoy an immature movie. I can enjoy a movie full of profanity. The bottom line is that this movie is downright terrible. TERRIBLE!! The cinematography and sound are good, but other than that, I can't find anything good to say about this movie. It wasn't funny at all. The actors delivered completely lackluster performances. This story had so much potential for laughs and it was squandered.I honestly believe that the reviews and ratings of this movie have to be tampered with because there is no way this movie could score that high otherwise. It is simply the worst movie ever. With great difficulty I slogged through this movie because it was so highly rated that I was expecting something amazing to happen in the end. I was sorrowfully disappointed. I am thankful I didn't pay to see this thing or I would be angry.This movie was NOT funny, but rather a pathetic commentary on how badly American high schools prepare our population to create, uphold and operate a country of ethics, compassion and competency.I keep reading that this movie hits home with viewers, and that it reminds them of their own high school years.That fact makes this movie even sadder.This movie is not just basal and insulting, but it disgustingly selfish and lacks respect for women, intelligence, honor, or character.No wonder our country is so screwed up. Governments are a reflection of their people. We have become a stupid, vulgar lot.This was not a good film. Period. Honestly, on my personal rating scale, I would have probably given it about a 3/10. It had its moments here and there. Kind of. However, the hype surrounding this movie and all of the excitement about its poorly written, downright dumb jokes were outrageous. I'm tired of hearing people talk about Superbad. I'm tired of hearing its name compared to good movies. And most of all, I'm tired of people saying it was good because they heard it was. For all you uneducated folks who insist on hyping up this film, that's called "jumping on the bandwagon." Whatever guy of high authority used the words "good" and "Superbad" in the same sentence deserves to be locked in a room for a year with this so called "comedian" Jonah Hill. This movie was the epitome of the word "stupid" in all of its essence. From start to finish I was waiting. Waiting for something that never came: A good joke. Anything that would have let me leave the theater feeling the least bit satisfied. The filmmakers attempted to make a film that we could relate to. "We" being teenagers. Unless you are a dumb brick, you can't relate to this film. Quite simply, they failed in that sense. I mean, are we really this dumb? I beg you, if you wasted your money on a DVD of this film, watch it again, but this time keep this in your mind: This is how adults view us. This is how the world views us. Yes they probably made a bundle off this low budget piece of garbage. But I remind them, I'm still waiting for something that makes me laugh. So I vote they make a new film, maybe start fresh, throw in some guys who are actually funny. How bout NOT Jonah Hill...and let's just steer clear of Seth Rogen, because he isn't funny. "Knocked Up," another mockery of modern film making, was also crap. It's not like I don't have a sense of humor. I love comedies. Want to see a good comedy? Go watch Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Go see any film by Wes Anderson. Hell, I like the dumb ones too. I highly recommend just about anything with Jim Carrey or Steve Carrel. THOSE are comedians. So please try to avoid watching this if you haven't already been sucked in by all of the hype. Because (I'm sure that I'm not the first person to say this) "Superbad" was simply super bad.This is a movie I wish I'd never spent my hard earned money on. Believe me, I have seen LOTS of movies, especially comedies and this is one of the WORST I have ever had to suffer through. I kept watching hoping it'd get better but it didn't. The characters are annoying. You just want to scream 'LOSER' at them throughout. The dialogue consists mostly of all the curses you can think of. I must say, curses can work, because I quite enjoyed 40-Year Old Virgin, but in this movie, it's just pointless and makes you want to shove a soap down their throat.I usually look for something good in even the most horrible movies, but this - this has nothing good that I can say about it. Please, don't waste your time even thinking about watching this.wow that was the biggest waste of money i think i've ever made....i loved American pie and i've seen some bad movies but super bad was super...AWFUL... the humor was in poor taste and honestly my 14 year old brother could have written something better than this if i had more than two thumbs i'd put em all down but for now its a definite two thumbs way down i'd read the good reviews here on IMDb and it sounded pretty hilarious between the reviews and the previews but after going to see it not only was it disappointing but quite disturbing and at parts revolting not in a gross-out ha ha sort of way but in an oh my god... thats just sick from the moment the opening credits ended i could feel the brain cells start to die...and those that didn't die fled in terror.I'm not kidding, this one goes on my Top 5 Worst Movies EVER Made, and takes the #2 slot. The main character is just a fat, ugly, curly haired jackass that spends all of his time talking about how he wants to get laid...and in real life, no amount of alcohol in the world could help him out. It's a stupid movie that pretty much has guys treating women like a bunch of "sex-holes" and nothing else. I'm no feminist or prude, but this was awful. It had no point and no funniness. I hated it to the point where not even Seth Rogen could redeem it, and he's usually funny as hell. This is another one I couldn't finish, and there are very few out there that I can't sit through, so it had to have been real bad. I don't want to give anything away, but anyone with a brain, PLEASE SKIP THIS ONE!! Don't waste an hour and a half of your life.I can't believe people actually like this movie. It was vulgar and dirty and usually I have a really good sense of humor but I barely laughed at this movie and turned it off after less than 30 minutes. I don't even think this movie is worth seeing free on cable with it being cut by commercials. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen it's not worth the time or money. I wish I could get the time back from my life that I wasted watching this crap. Knocked up was so much better at least it had a good story. This movie is a like a amateur version of American pie which is basically the same "I have to have sex before I graduate story" and they do it much better.Well, the producers at least deserve some credit for truth in advertising. The title says is all. This flick isn't bad, or very bad, it's SUPER BAD. This probably would be of interest to a 13 year old boy who has just discovered masturbation. I'm a big fan of dumb movies but this one was so dumb. HOW DUMB WAS IT? If there were sub-titles they would be in crayon! If you want to use your time better just stare at the carpet. P.T. Barnum once said nobody ever went broke under estimating the intelligence of the pubic. If that's true, this movie should do very well. Then again, it's already out on DVD so I guess there weren't as many suckers as they thought there were. Give this one a pass. There are too many good films out there that deserve a look to waste your time and money on this.there's bad and there's super bad. this is just plain awful. think of the worst parts of Napoleon Dynamite and thats still better than this. target audiences are males from 17-25. anyone older than that is going to hate this.i don't know about the show these people were in but none of the actors are funny. None of the scenes or plots are funny, most are gross, lewd or sexually pointless.This is a movie for 15 year old boys. They'll love it!generally it's a sequence of unconnected events, really bad plot and dull stuff.now the cops that knock the main kid over and then pull a GUN on him? WHY? He has no reason to pull his weapon at all!These guys are having the worst night they could possibly have, so much going wrong for them, sidetracking them.Now the guy turning down not only a blow job but sex as well? Is he queer? So she's had a few drinks but he's still saying no, dude you are so GAY!That scene where their telling each other "I love you", how homo-erotic is that? The film just gets so GAY there! Queers!Guys that age don't have that kind of relationship, not even if their THAT drunk!The ending is rubbish too, the film just tails off with no real finish.