A touch of reality is much-needed for those who of late have occupied themselves in tossing about bon-mots like "masterpiece" and "crime-epic". Perhaps never before have the expectations of rabid fanboys so completely bullied the critics into sheer lying. For lying it must be, since I refuse to believe that the critics did not see through this. It is just not possible. I feel that most of them simply cowed down before the staggering pre-release fanboy blitzkrieg, rather than provoke the inevitable backlash of acrimony from fans and thereby needlessly risk their careers. This is the only explanation I can conceive of as to why TDK has seemingly scored so well with the critics. I don't blame the critics, though. The blame lies in the fanboys' hysteria : their myopic refusal to see the obvious.I feel that Chris Nolan tried really really hard to make a good film, but ultimately even he with all his skill cant do much simply because of the limitations of the genre. If viewers truly want "more realism" as they say they do, then why turn to comics in the first place ?? Its just amazing how comic-book junkies pull the wool over their own eyes and deceive themselves into thinking that what they read is deep and sophisticated, when in fact (and there cannot be two opinions on this) reading comics beyond a certain age is a sign of neurotic behaviour. And before you shove it in my face that it is ME who is taking it too seriously, let me just say that this movie was nothing but lashes of violence : grim, sadistic violence. Once again, the so-called realism is simply a pretext for the usual action-movie gang-banging, i.e. violence and special effects. And its not even just because of the genre : Batman Begins rose above those limitations, right ? One could empathize with the young Bruce Wayne, tormented by his perceived culpability in his parents' murder, and struggling with his anger and loneliness. Not so in TDK : here there is neither plot nor motivation to speak of, and not a single character with whom one can even remotely identify. The acting, apart from one notable performance, is mediocre. To be fair, the film does take certain risks which I cant imagine the likes of, say, a Sam Raimi ever taking ; it isn't a McDonaldized blockbuster to the degree that the Spiderman films and the rest of the comic-book parade are. The problem is that those risks don't pay off : instead of an even progression of events that build up to a crescendo, what you get here is one absurdity after another until you are numb and it no longer matters who is doing what.I wonder if it is really so hard to tell the truth, even only to oneself. Apparently it is indeed SO difficult for all the fanboys to own up that the countless hours spent over the last several months, sitting up nights staring at their monitors and devouring every last bit of inconsequential trivia about TDK, have all amounted to a huge nothing. TDK is the prime example of how the advertising business works today, hyping up a product during pre-release to uncalled-for heights and ultimately forcing the gullible consumer to like the product against his better judgement. The marketing behind this film is very much THE phenomenal success story of this decade, and should serve as a de-facto case study for anyone who wants to understand just exactly how mob psychology works.EDIT : A more appropriate rating for this film is 4/10. But I so deeply despise Warner Bros. & the people lauding this film (i.e. everyone except me) that I must give it 1/10, just to balance things. I am deeply shocked. I am really shocked that this film made it all the way to the top. It's OK with me that it is a huge success at the box office. I can cope with it that many, many people do not have the same taste as me. Even though it is a little sad because I think this somewhat strange taste of the comic buffs will influence the movies in the future even more. There are interesting articles about the influence of the bloggers and hardcore fans on producers and directors. What really shocks me here is that many, many acclaimed critics fail to see how bad this movie is. They write about hidden stories, meanings and messages. The war in Iraq, the war against terrorism, a reflection of American society and so on. They write about hilarious performances of the actors. They write about stunning visual effects. Some of them may even write about the tremendous script. Fortunately so far I did not read anything about the scriptwriting. So I try to begin with that issue. Well, the script is so down, down, deep down below that I don't even know where I shall begin. I guess the guys who are more in the comic stuff will tell you that Jonathan Nolan really did a good job in adopting the stories and the mood of the comic books. But for me this is no reason to write a story that lacks everything and is so brain dead that I'm gasping for air. The plot is annoying and predictable. The characters are written really poorly. First of all Harvey Dent. His turning into a fallen Angel is so incredibly incredible. It may result from the way that the brains of the comic buffs work. 9 Pictures or less per page. I that time you can turn from a white hero into a black devil. But this is a movie. And no 9c trash book. To say it clear  and you may have noticed  I am no comic fan. But I like for instance Sin City very much. It is a very good adaptation into a now medium. And it is visually very interesting. Visuals. As I said Sin City is visually very interesting. The dark Knight is not. Totally not. Almost two decades before we saw TerminatorII. Oh my god, this was something new. And Two Face  Aaron Eckhart looked a little like the wrecked Arni back then. Don't get me wrong the make up apartment did a very good job. It is just so sad that we already saw it all before. (Just like the inspection of the new weapons Is this a scene of one of the Bond Movies?) Or take the Matrix (Part1) about one decade before. Visually the dark knight is not one tick better or more interesting. Maybe on the same level. Sin City was something new. The dark Knight shows us common techniques in a slightly higher perfection. The directing is average. Not outstanding. It must have been a logistic masterpiece, OK. But we have seen it before. The acting. I can't even say if the actors are bad. I think it is the story that is so poor. The Joker is good. Heath Ledger is good. Not brilliant or something like that. It is solid work. And he is the only character that is somewhat interesting and not full of pathetic crap. Well to draw the conclusion again. I can live with it that this movie is that successful at the box office. I can not live with the super high praising comments of professional critics. For action entertainment this movie is too long. At least one hour is simply annoying. (Again the writing.) So, who ever has some bucks left go see this movie and see what brain damaged means. How can a film like this be ever compared to a film like the godfather is laughable, i am a big comic book and superhero fan i particularly like this genre but i did not like the way this was handled whatsoever..the following points highlight my case why batman is nothing but a okay film.. 1- CONCEPTION AND CREATION everyone knows that one of the most exciting things about villains is there creation, and how they became they way they are, i believe the original batman films which Tim Burton directed handled this brilliantly, but look at Spiderman 2 which has a great villain. There was no flashback even to the creation of the joker character we must believe he has been there all along, as well as Two Face whos original coming of being i liked better in batman forever, not to say i like tommy lee Jones character portrayal any better than this 1.2-VIOLENCE this film had left a bitter taste after viewing i am a fan of violent films but it can be seen the way this was edited to ensure the upper catorgory of a pg-13 12a(uk) over here left the film looking a feeling like something was missing. Instead of showing the conseqeunce of for example a bullet in the head the camera would cut away leaving it for the audience imagination, another example of not showing violence and actually changing the tone of the film was robocop the R rated version when compared against the X rated version which seems lighter in tone.3-BATMAN now Batman played by Bale one of my favourite actors opted for a stupid gruff sounding voice which didn't work, also the suit castes were terrible and i mean truly bad, batmans suit made him look like a more well equipped navy seal or something, not the true mysticism that is batman which is lost in this film. There is no reference to bats whatsoever throughout the duration. Another letdown was the fight sequences which even though Bale did a lot himself did not look smooth, or good on the big screen.4-PLOT/PACINGthe plot has to many twists and turns and leaves some of the less cerebral most likely lost(not myself of course). The pacing is bad as there is one key action sequence in the middle of the film which did blow me away but the film never lived up to that particular sequence which is a shame, less morality and preachyness more ACTION! and on that note a spoiler which i do warn before hand, the ending i must say i disliked a lot, for lack of realism, depth and completion as it is left very much open of what happens to the joker character, my 2 cents please reply if you have maybe a differing opinion to mine, Spiderman 2 is one of the greatest comic book translations to films, as in the earlier batmans, (including returns) but this should never be uttered in the same sentence as a film like the Godfather, which i believe to be one of the greatest of all time, the greatest which i do believe is Once upon A time in America. This movie is not even a Batman movie. It's basically a Joker movie featuring Batman because that's what everyone remembers.
The irony is that Batman Begins is miles ahead of TDK, yet it's rated lower than even TDKR.The movie itself is watchable only because Heath Ledger gives an exceptional performance, but looking beyond his performance, the movie is very awful.
There are more plot holes in TDK than the entire DCEU put together, including Green Lantern. Usually, in this kind of situation where it's a comic book movie, you tend to let some things slide, however, when Nolan publicized his trilogy as being realistic (where he failed miserably), you end up cringing most of the time.The problem with TDK is there are too many inconsistencies smothered in incoherence... The fact that people (and critics) are usually very critical on everything, but did not notice all these plot holes in the movie and dubbed it "the best comic book movie ever and one of the best movies ever made". TDK, if you actually watch the movie, is not even top 10 material in its own genre, let alone being top 5 all time.The legion of Batmanites made this rating high, but it does not reflect the actual merit it deserved. It was a complete piece of crap, plain and simple. No character development, abundance of plot holes and a week story... How can people be so blind? Wow. Once again my faith in the rational persons ability to discriminate between depth and breadth, is verified, in that I have none.The film was long. Not deep. I think there is a misunderstanding. The film had the veneer of an epic film. It had all the right elements to be an epic comic-book adaptation to screen. Yet it faltered, mainly because everyone was so wrapped up in the idea of Ledger giving a career defining performance, they couldn't see past it. It's almost as if they accepted the brilliance of his performance before they entered the theatre, off of the back of the hype and the critics reviews, and all that was left was to actually watch it and be able to validate this belief.Disregarding Heath Ledgers untimely death, can you really say that he was a better Joker than Jack Nicholsons? I for one, cannot. Others have already said it; he had no back story. A character without a past and a motive - especially when they are a killer - is just not one that is appropriate to a story about good and evil. The things we like about villains is that we can relate to the reasons they do the things they do, whilst asking ourselves whether their reasons are justified. We get into a dialogue, and we ourselves get to decide who we side with - the good or the bad. This villain left me feeling flat and unfulfilled because he had no real motive, - making it impossible to choose which argument, good or bad, I sided with - and left me feeling like I was a voyeur, watching a guy kill loads of people.Everyone has been raving about the script, which I thought was plain dreadful at points. Others have raised the questions here. What was with his voice? He would make a great nursery nurse. The poignant moment on the boat when the sailor said something to the effect of "They haven't pushed the button yet, because we are still alive" was just plain embarrassing. The fact that Batman kept leaving in the middle of a conversation became irritating instead of cool and enigmatic. Why can't he just hear someone out. And at the end when batman runs home like Charlie, I was nearly dying in laughter. I could hear the music 'I've got a golden ticket'. There were other embarrassing script moments, but because the film was so bad, I can't even be bothered to mention them. The phone device for one was utter...The rhetoric of the characters in their oratorical moments was again, limp. It was as if the writer had started a sadistic, flowing evil speech, but had not had the tools with which to really elaborate. Because he had decided to keep the Jokers background exclusive, the speeches were neither funny or scary. They were punctured and lacked conviction.The fact that this is the number one movie is embarrassing. IMDb should take it off out of principle. If this wins an Oscar, I will never watch a Hollywood movie again. I'm very disappointed and this rating reflects my disappointment. It could have been so much better, easily. First, it's as if there's no obstacles the characters couldn't overcome by snapping their fingers. It's just too easy for the Joker and Batman to do all what they do. It seems the writers didn't want to be bothered by realism and it's one of the main reasons I didn't feel involved or excited at all. Batman pulls out technological rabbits out of his hat to move the plot forward - it's contrived and not entertaining. The Joker sets bombs anywhere he wants without facing any obstacles. His team of super terrorists can fill a whole hospital with explosives in a few minutes after it has been evacuated - or was it before? Anyway we don't see them setting up anything, everything is done off-screen and it goes into action without any kind of dramatic buildup. How did his gang do this or that? Doesn't matter cause there's an explosion coming soon. *YAWN* The Joker starts with a small gang but in only a few days or so it seems he builds a big organization capable of operating rapidly without flaws - a group we are told made up of many schizos and psychos from Arkham Asylum, as if they had all been released all of a sudden to join him and moreover in doing so became hyperobedient and hypercompetent robbers / explosive experts / terrorists / etc. Yeah. Right. As if running a criminal organization made up of Arkham inmates would be a piece of cake. It would have been so much more REALISTIC and ENTERTAINING to see the Joker having to deal with nutty and sometimes incompetent henchmen and we the viewers doubting whether or not he would succeed and yet pulling it off and laughing all the way up to the last confrontation. Instead he surfs on the action, survives all kinds of explosions and crashes and moves around as if Gotham City was butter and he a hot knife. *YAWN* Second, the style & editing of the movie was mediocre at best. You would think the Joker's first meeting with the mob would have something of a tension. Here we are introduced to Batman's no.1 enemy and he tells them they have to kill the Dark Knight. But the way it was shot the scene was cold, he simply goes in, makes a few enemies and leaves. And next The Joker invites himself to Bruce Wayne's party to kidnap Harvey Dent and he simply comes in, Voilà!, without facing any obstacles, there's no buildup, no dramatic crescendo, the pace stays the same, we get lots of quick shots, a constantly moving camera and even one or two 360 degrees around Joker and Rachel as if this was some kind of music video. There's nothing, no tension. And it went downhill from there, like a typical dumb action movie. Explosion, car chase, car chase, explosion, fight, car chase, explosion. Can't you guys come up with something original? And those action scenes aren't even well made. *YAWN* Why? After all you had an ace, The Joker, he should have had some cool crazy ideas to cause mayhem... but he didn't. He lacked the charisma that should be in such a character. Not that Ledger is bad but the character he plays has nothing special. He's cold, predictable and not funny. In Tim Burton's movie the man isn't just some psycho killer, you know early in the movie he's going to do his crimes with style and that he has surprises in his bag. He's a bit silly but you don't know what to expect from him - he's fun to watch. In TDK he neither has style nor surprises, HE JUST BLOWS THINGS UP WITH DETONATORS and he's not even having fun. Bbbooorrriiiinnnggg.I think a lot of people don't see all the big flaws of the movie because they like the characters and the themes. I like Batman, the lone vigilante fighting crime in his city and his struggle to retain his morality while confronting the worst criminals, I like Harvey Dent's character and the Joker trying to turn Dent into a madman like him to ruin his crusade against crime and I liked the Joker trying to corrupt the people of Gotham and turn them into murderers ...BUT THE MOVIE STINKS I really wanted TDK to be good, good at least like half of Batman Begins is, I wanted to leave the theater with a big smile on my face but I left the theater feeling cheated because I wanted to see a cool movie and I didn't, I saw a lame piece of crap. There was no climax, no great scenes, no drama, no tension, no substance, only over the top action scenes we have already seen elsewhere. This movie itself isn't a 1 out of 10 but I'm so disappointed by it that it deserves its 1 It's hard to find what is wrong with a movie that seems so well crafted and put together. Well let's start by saying that the Dark Knight is very boring and messy.The plot is incoherent, with too many undeveloped subplots. The movie tries to be realistic but logic has no place anywhere. It tries to be dramatic but the drama is manufactured, out of place, and doesn't build up from anything. Lots of poor philosophical monologues going nowhere. The characters have nothing, nothing interesting about them. They're like puppets used to create some sort of politicised view of the world where everyone is miserable with no sense of humor, taking no pleasure from their actions whatever they are. And creating this dull vision of the world hidden behind a comic superhero, is what this movie is all about. All the rest comes as a consequence of this. Anything that happens has little or no effect. Batman is just as hollow as every one else. You could swap him with some other character and nothing would change. Action is just average. Random things happening out of nowhere, and no explanations is given on how they managed to do that. Some great effects here and there don't add much to the movie. I like violent movies but the violence in the DK is pretty much senseless as well as censored. Definitely not for young kids.The movie is not dark, is hollow. If you want a good dark movie then go to see the awesome 'The Crow'. You want to see a good batman movie then watch the Tim Burton's version. Flat with no substance, humor or soul, the Dark Knight doesn't leave you with any emotions whatsoever, no hope and not even hopelessness. Only a lame sense of depression. I know this review will get a bunch of unhelpful votes but somebody has to tell the truth here! The Dark Knight is wildly overrated and is the most overrated movie of all time. Forget Titanic, Boondock Saints and King Kong(2005). This movie surpasses them when it comes to sheer hype. For the record I love Batman Begins. I thought it was a fresh beginning on a series that was rendered ineffective by that lunatic Joel Schumacher. Christian Bale fared well as both Batman and Bruce Wayne and the rest of the cast did a great job also. But this movie.... Everything that made Batman Begins so great is absent from this pretentious slop. Most of the cast look like they'd rather be somewhere else. Let me break it down this way with what stinks about this movie.The plot: Idiotic beyond belief. Joker(Heath Ledger) plans to kill city officials while playing childish games with Batman. Most of the time he's killing the people he's aligned with making him the most moronic villain in superhero movie history. Batman joins forces with Commissioner Gordon to stop him.The acting: Christian Bale is wooden in both roles(Batman and Bruce Wayne). He spends most of the movie looking like he's stoned out of his mind. And what is up with that voice? In Batman Begins he sounded cool like one of the gangsters from those old 1940s flicks. Here he sounds like Dirty Harry with strep throat. Aaron Eckhart is flat as both Harvey Dent and Two-Face. While his Two-Face was better than Tommy Lee's Two-Face looking good by default is never good. Michael Caine, Gary Oldman and Morgan Freeman sleepwalk through this whole movie. Maggie Gyllenhaal is quite awful as Rachel Dawes. Katie Holme's Rachel Dawes was a strong willed lawyer that fought for what's right. Maggie's Rachel Dawes needs to grow up and find some better priorities. I agree that she is a step up from Katie Holmes but she plays Rachel Dawes like some silly high school girl with a pathetic crush on Bruce Wayne. The fact that we are asked to feel sympathy for her when The Joker captures her is a bit of a stretch. Her getting roasted made my day though lol!Now for the talk of the town: Heath Ledger as Joker. Heath Ledger's performance was okay but to say that he was better than Jack Nicholson's Joker is hilarious to say the least. Jack Nicholson's Joker had style, a plan and was pretty funny as well as unpredictable. Of course he was silly but he was fun. Heath Ledger's Joker is predictable with no back story and had no real plan. Just random acts of chaos. Ra's Al Ghul had a plan, The Joker of Batman 1989 had a plan, The Penguin of Batman Returns had a plan. This weirdo had nothing but bluff. Plus he's has no fun with what he does and spends most of the time ridiculously philosophizing like those corny emo-goth kids that smoke copious amounts of cigarettes while yapping about the misery of their lives. You complete me? That's about as cheesy as the Tumbler turning into a crappy motorcycle. Speaking of Emo-Goth kids that exactly what this Joker is. Only people actually find him cool instead of pathetic.Action sequences: predictable to a fault. Car chase and fights scenes plus they are quite unrealistic. People get punched, kicked, shot, bitten by dogs and knocked around by explosions and walk away without bumps, bruises, cuts or blood. Now, Im not a gore hound but if you get shot or bitten by a dog, I would expect to see some blood. Not in the Dark Knight though. Pacing: The movie builds up a pace to slow it down after wards and with all the action on the screen the movie still finds time to be boring. Plus at 2 hours and 32 minutes this movie feels longer than it needs to be. Various subplots that never connect best describe most of this movie.Conclusion: The Dark Knight is the most overrated, most hypocritical, most pretentious piece of garbage in the history of cinema. The only people that would like this are the fanboys and I cant believe that people are trouncing Tim Burton's Batman movies to foam at the mouth like rabid dog groupies over this overcooked sequel. You pseudo-intellectual snobs don't seem to realize that those movies were great for the time they were made in and they were fun. Tim Burton made the type of Batman movie he wanted to make without trying to please these shills. I must have seen the Tim Burton Batman movies more times than I can count and still have a ball watching them till this day. I saw this dreck three times and still couldn't get into it. Its not even fun. Its a plodding mess that gets more hype than it deserves. Matter of fact, I'll tell how much I didn't like it. For months I had The Dark Knight on my computer for free via z-share and when my computer suffered from a virus that force me to erase the whole thing, this was the only movie through z-share that I never tried to get back. That should tell you everything you need to know about my feelings on this movie. Two Thumbs down. I saw this movie on a Monday afternoon in hopes of avoiding a long wait and big crowds at the theater. Good plan. It worked. The movie didn't. Many reviewers have already commented on the gross mediocrity of this film so I'll skip that part. There were some very good, though isolated, moments in the story: a lesson about how torture is wrong and doesn't work, the equal value of all lives regardless of how they have been lived, "abridged" civil rights are neither civil nor right, etc. I like all those concepts and they are certainly worthy of exploration given our current political state.To me, however, the most prominent feature of this film was neither Heath Ledger, (whom I greatly respect as an actor), Christian Bale, nor the script, directing, story line, performances, or suspense, but rather the gorrific violence that punctuated almost every moment of the more than two and a half hours this thing went on. Everything in this movie explodes!!! And the cut aways in the editing do nothing to mitigate the impact of all the slashing, stabbing, pounding, bludgeoning, shooting, and impaling that becomes ridiculous about halfway through. And though I have enormous respect for him, Ledger's Joker was basically Ted Bundy with face paint. I think the inspiration for this film came more from Oliver Stone's "Natuarl Born Killers" than from anything that was ever written in a comic book.All you need to know is this... In the last ten minutes of the film, with the body count hovering somewhere around 100, a scene begins to unfold where a young child is about to be murdered in cold blood, (those of you who have seen the movie know what I'm talking about). The scene goes on for what I thought was an excruciatingly long time, but even as it was just beginning I was thinking to myself, "no, no, no, this is wrong. This should not be done this way in a movie". Then somewhere in the theater, behind me, a child began sobbing uncontrollably. Yes, real terror, real horror, real fear, a real child, right there in the theater. The scene finally came to an end. The sobbing didn't. As the lights came up for us to leave I saw a couple escorting their approximately 12 year old son out of the theater, still sobbing, and hanging on to his parents' clothing as they walked out.I don't blame the parents. This movie's PG13 rating is unconscionable. This is a "Batman" movie! With a PG13 rating! "Batman" originated from a children's comic book series. One would think that this movie would be a safe experience for children. It's not. Given the grotesque thread of constant violence that runs from the opening credits to the closing credits it's not even suitable for adults. Several of the postings here at IMDb with the lowest ratings have noted that they are putting their rating as low as possible to balance out the overly generous perfect scores that have vaulted this movie into the position of being one of the greatest film ever,according to IMDb. Not me. I really didn't like this movie. And in the last ten minutes of it I came to hate it. It does not do service to the Batman franchise, or movies in general. There is not a shred of "comic book" appeal in it anywhere, and it will take it's place as one of the most uselessly violent movies ever made. That this offering has the broad appeal it has makes me a little sad, and sick inside. And if I could speak for the poor kid that was sitting behind me during this bloated gore fest I'd say this, "thanks for the memories". This movie has proved again, that cartoon means junk, and whatever you do starting from a cartoon, it will still be junk. At least now someone else in Hollywood realized this, and made a real good parody of the cartoon genre. An extra joke is, that all this was masked as a serious superhero cartoon movie. Just some of the best hidden jokes I've found behind the cliché story:1. Batman kills at least a dozen of cops during the car chase, and makes some million $ worth of damage in the road, buildings. etc., but he is still the good guy. Sure.2. All the citizens in Gotham are totally stupid. First of all, they don't realize, that the only person, who has enough money to buy those hi-tech gadgets is Bruce Wayne, and nobody realizes, who Batman is. Second, it doesn't matter, that Batman's mask is covering only a small part of his face (his forehead and nose), they still don't realize, who is "hiding" behind the mask By the way, did you notice, that there is a face recognition software running on one of the monitors in Batman's hideout? The very same happened in the previous Batman franchise - looks like folks in Gotham didn't get any smarter in the past decades.3. Looking at the height of the pile, I guess that the amount of cash Joker is burning is more than there is in circulation in the whole world.4. All the mobs are stupid enough to keep their money in cash, so if they want to make a transfer, they have to hire a dozens of trucks. They haven't ever heard about electronic money. If they are so stupid, then how they can run a syndicate?5. Some billion worth of hi-tech gadgets is hiding in the basement of Wayne company. For years in nobody's mind turned up the idea to find a customer and make some money of it. They just wasted some million $ into it, and later they decided to hide it.6. The way the bat car and the bat bike moves is totally unrealistic. Also, such vehicles would be totally unpractical. For example, why are the wheels of the bat car in the front of the vehicle? Anyone can shot it with a simple pistol (these are rubber wheels), and game is over. The stupid design of the vehicle is proved in one scene, when Joker immobilizes the car (supposedly worths some million$ + the development costs, as this is a prototype) with a common RPG, which costs only a handful of dollars.7. When they bring down the chopper with the steel cables, the two guys must have know in advance, that exactly where (which street and what height) the chopper will go through. Keep in mind, that according to the plot, all these Joker sidekicks are mentally retarded people. And doesn't matter, that the chase is half a dozen mile long, they are just in the exact time at the exact place.8. Hey terrorists and wannabe terrorists! I have some good news for you! It looks like, that if you want to kill a major, then all you have to do is to get an uniform. (An uniform can be bought in any costume shop, you don't even have to beat policemen and take away from them like in the movie.) Then you can approach the major to point blank distance - the only problem is, that there are oracles in the police, too, who can predict the future, and jump between you and the major even before you pull the trigger.9. Blowing a building is an easy process. High explosives are strange artifacts, as you can move and properly plant hundred kilos within a couple of minutes into the designated places of a building. Also, when you blow up a building, you can stay 10 meters away from it, and you will suffer no damage from debris, rubble and/or air pressure.10. Ship crews are incredibly dumb. They can't realize that there are hundreds of gasoline in the engine room. Or even if they have found it, then they may have thought, that the captain is going to throw a surprise party for the whole crew, and in the barrels there is the stuff necessary for such party (vaseline).These are just some quick random things I can remember, I don't want to waste much time commenting this disaster. Let's not talk about obvious plot holes, pointless violence, superfluous subplots, and Bale acting like a wood - oh my god, why that deep voice when dressed as Batman? OK I waited a really long time to actually see this movie.. mostly because of the hype.. I wanted to see if after all the long drawn out hype of Heath Ledger's death... its #1 spot on the IMDb boards.. and all the back and forth conversations on whether it or not it was the greatest film of all time... it could actually live up to that standing.The simple answer is no.1. Writing 6/10There are a lot of points in this film where the dialogue feels really rushed and just awkward. I don't understand why batman begins (which in my opinion far exceeds this film) could do everything right with the screenplay and this one fail so badly. The standard plot devices are there good/evil good as evil.. downfall of the hero.. redemption .. blah blah blah... its all been done before.. and I might add done much better. One quick film which comes to mind.. "There will be blood" used a very similar thesis of the antihero but did in a much more intelligent and beautiful way. 2. Visuals 7/10Yes there are a lot of very impressive effects in this movie.. the tractor flipping being one.. and the whole opening sequence.. but again where have we not seen any of this before in a michael bay project or hell even the die hard movies? There is no signature to the cinematography and nothing which sets it apart from any other big budget Hollywood movie. Id say the most stand out moment of the entire thing was seeing harvey dent's face after the accident.3. Characters 2/10OK if hear a Batman talk like that again I swear im going to walk out of the theatre, What a horrible horrible disaster . Christian Bale sounded like he had one of his batarangs stuck in his throat. I don't know who decided on this plot device but it was a mistake. I don't remember any of this in Batman Begins and imo it really brought the project as a whole down. Heath Ledger was OK. Whenever an actor passes away prior to the release of his film of course there will be a strong tendency to have a biased opinion to how great he was. It really felt like he was overdoing it. If he took his acting down a notch I think his vision of the joker would have been much more believable. And possibly shooed him in for an Oscar nod. About the only really believable character in the film was Gary Oldman's "Jim Gordon" But than again anything he does his great.4. Overall 5/10A good action movie... But seriously overrated. 007 in a Bat Costume. PS#4 currently on the IMDb top100? Someone's getting paid. "Batman: The Dark Knight" is a tacky, trashy, mindless, ultra violent piece of garbage. It will bore anyone with a mature mind. "The Dark Knight" consists of one sadistic, pointlessly violent scene after another. There is no point to these scenes except to extract money from the pockets of teenage boys who have had no experience of real life. "The Dark Knight" is a drug. It pushes violence and sadism. That's it. That's what you get for your ten bucks."The Dark Knight" is a sick product of a sick system. What's the difference between a blockbuster death-fest like this, and an act of actual terrorism? How many deaths do films like this contribute to? How much suffering? Pointless, ugly, violent, sadistic movies peddle violence as the drug of choice to mindless consumer hoards who lack discrimination, life experience, wisdom or balance.Teenage boys who spend all their time playing video games and having no experience of three-dimensional reality see a movie like this and conclude that the world is like this: cool criminals torture passive victims and meet no resistance. Hey, Thanks, Hollywood, for flushing your refuse into young male minds. Ka-ching. How much more violent and sadistic will such films have to be in the future to make that cash register sing? Let's up the ante.The Plot? Heath Ledger puts on a ridiculous series of ticks, costumes and make-up and tries really hard to get taken seriously as a master criminal / master actor. There is no real performance there because there is no real life there. In one scene, Ledger, a slight young man, murders a very large, muscular, professional criminal, and a black man  white supremacists will like that part  with a pencil. No. In real life that would not happen. Nor, in real life, would a man who shoots his every accomplice be able to do pull off any of the stunts ledger does in this film.The movie is utterly implausible. This won't matter to its fans, who talk only to other fans who worship films like this as they do. In their solipsistic, computer-generated echo chamber, "The Dark Knight" is the greatest film ever made. These fans have little contact with anyone not exactly like themselves, and can't see any flaws in their judgment. Though saturated in violence, these fans can't even see why a skinny guy like Ledger murdering a muscular, hardened criminal with a pencil is a silly, nasty, scene that exists only to up the sadism ante, not to have any relationship with reality. Though saturated in violence, these fans would panic at the merest contact with the real world, with the real violence occurring in places like Iraq, or federal prisons.Christian Bale is an interesting actor and was fun to watch in the previous batman. He's hardly on screen here. There is nothing interesting about the sets or costumes, and as for the special effects, how many chase scenes and big explosions have been on screen recently? Nothing new. Nothing interesting. The intelligent viewer will move along, or simply select a better film. The Dark Knight is not a good movie, by any measure. I will now proceed to provide reasons for this statement, in the process of which SPOILERS will abound.In this film Batman (The Batman, as the characters refer to him) possesses superpowers rivaled only by Superman: he bends gun barrels using his bare hand (yes, only one hand) and falls from ridiculous heights, not deploying his cape, and lands without as much as a scratch to his body. The Batman is apparently not aware that it is not the fall that kills you, it is the quick acceleration at the end, and no matter the quality of the Batsuit, that acceleration cannot be reduced.On the other hand, his kevlar Batsuit which, evidently, is impervious to bullets of small hand guns fired at close range, is unable to withstand dog bites.The Joker, whose obvious insanity is the only light of the movie, is well-played by Ledger who flares with his eyes and mouth to give him an almost rabid portrayal, but other than being a dark menace to society, his odd manners and, at one time, drag outfit, provide comedic relief in the film.Apart from being just a regular killing maniac, he also possesses superpowers of his own: in the film, he is depicted with an apparent and sporadic invisibility to police forces. That they do not notice his deformed face without make-up in their own ranks during a salute may be pardonable, but when blowing up an apparently unsurveilled hospital on prior warning and then leaving, in full make-up, in a school bus (his escape vehicle of choice, also from bank raids), his failed apprehension seems unpardonable. Unless, of course, all the cops had their lunch break, as the sun indicates it is around noon.The plot is so thin at times, you expect it to crack at any moment. It is like there are many small plots, in all of which Batman, the purported main character, plays but a small role. Whatever the Joker has been doing all his life, before going on a murder spree, is pardonable to omit, but when he breaks into Bruce Wayne's penthouse (probably using his cloaking capabilities), the same locale that a few scenes later will be referred to as "the safest place in town" by the same person who was tossed out a window during this same brief encounter, it is an interesting question just how the maniac and his armed gang are persuaded to leave the party full of Gotham's economic elite, something they must have done without causing much further harm as it goes largely unnoticed by the other characters.Batman speaks with a deathly voice, that is so ghoulish it could scare off any foe, would he just make more use of it against his enemies, and not blather like that to his friends. That he finally tracks the Joker down, is not due to any superior detective skills, as he gets good help from prying on all of Gotham's mobile phones that he immorally and secretly has replaced with his own brand, all in one night's work. More ridiculous plot element is hard to come by. Although suffering from a muddled plot, ill-defined characters, a typically uncharismatic performance by Christian Bale, and a lack of energy, The Dark Knight proved to be on of 2008's greatest commercial and critical successes.The fact that this film is in the Top Ten list tells me two things: 1) Most of the people who rated this highly are either 10-year-olds or adults with the attention span of 10-year-olds. I do not mean to offend all 10-year-olds, because there are some rare exceptions. But, you can catch my drift.2) People who rated this highly have not seen many of the other, better films on this list. They have nothing to compare The Dark Knight to.Anyway, I just hope this film's current standing sinks down far below the 250 mark. There is not really any reasonable explanation why there are so many junk movies with ratings over 8 in IMDb except the fact that unfortunately we are living in the age of materialism and total commercialism. Before mentioning anything about The Dark Knight itself I should point out that the movie business started as an experiment and furthermore, it was (and I hope it still is) art. If you are a part of the lucky people that had the chance to watch old movies (starting from the early 1900s) then you probably have noticed that despite the bad quality the technique and the style of directing, cinematography, acting and "special effects" are fascinating. They are modern, sincere, effective, touching. That's where art starts and flourishes. However, if you take all the pointed out and replace them with high quality computer effects, deafening soundtrack, good looking actors, banal plot and the appealing to the masses simple conflict of Good vs Bad; well, here is where commercialism begins its unstoppable brainwashing system. The Dark Knight fits exactly the formula. Nothing more to say. To those who agree: There are still some great new movies coming out. It just takes time to find them. Don't be discouraged by the overwhelming amount of junk films. To those who disagree: Well, consider watching Casablanca, Silence of the Lambs, Amadeus, Star Wars :p, etc? To those who don't take a side: Now is the time to do so. To Heath Ledger: You were just great and sorry to know this was the last time to see you. [17 June 2009]Later ... Here now as I watched the film for a second time so that I would be entirely fair in my judgment I realized that 8/10 is a fair rating BUT and only BUT when The Dark Knight is rated on a different scale such as "Top movies based on a comics". And what is a comics other than a combination of a simple plot, good vs evil, black and white characters, lots of action? The end. When a movie has nothing more to add - no fair character development/acting, no original twists in the chain of events, no unique directing techniques... then one cannot give it more than 5/10. And since the IMDb has a great image the only way users can help keeping it safe and sound is by taking a little more seriously their voting rights. [30 June 2009] As a guy who loves the Batman Character and used to own a chain of comics stores in the late 80's through the 90's I found the new Batman film to be abominable. The handling of the Batman character was the worst I have ever seen, and I say that being someone who hates all of the other Batman Movies (with the exception of Batman Begins). It was a classic modern tearing down of an iconoclastic hero that was less realistic than it's printed counterpart. The Batman character would never consider revealing his identity to appease the Joker, because he understands that you cannot appease pure evil. He would instead redouble his efforts to find the Joker, not eating or sleeping until he did. The Batman of the comics is a detective who uses classical detecting techniques, coupled with a healthy dose of bruised knuckles as he harasses the underworld to find his query. In other words he uses no shortcuts he works hard.Hollywood used the opportunity to make a political statement, having Batman build a machine that taps into every cell phone in Gotham City, allowing for the altruistic Lucius Foxx character to opine about this act of immorality. A none to subtle swipe at the Bush administration. Then you have Harvey Dent (Two Face) who as the DA of Gotham, is described by Batman as "the best of us all" killing two dirty cops, and to save the fragile collective psyche of Gotham City, Batman takes the blame for the deaths of the cops. Why it would not make more since to simply reveal to the public that Harvey Dent went Coo Coo after the death of the women he loved, as a result of another act of murder perpetrated by the Joker, with the help of the aforementioned dirty cops and the trauma of being disfigured, is beyond me. Save that it fits into the paradigm of liberal thought that the people are to be protected from the grim reality of the world. Better to tear down the real hero of the saga and have him chased by the police. Keep in mind that the film establishes that the villains of Gotham know from experience that Batman will not cross the line and kill the worst of them. but we are supposed to believe that the public of Gotham will swallow that Batman would kill two innocent cops. WOW!Batman is a character who is truly good, and he has been tarnished by this film. In a world where Superman in his last film was reduced to a peeping tom hero with a babies mama. Psychopaths like Marvels Wolverine and the Punisher are hailed as modern heroes. A world where so many young people leave the theater declaring how cool Heath Ledger is as the Joker and not how scary the character is, I find that world tragic. As one of our old comic shop patrons used to say:"Give me the days when a hero had a letter on his chest, a magic word, a cape and a pet or side kick. A hero that fought the bad guys because he was good and they were bad and they needed their a$$e$ kicked. Let justice be done. There is nothing special about this movie. Period. Nothiing special. It tries on so many levels to be this big mega movie, and in financial terms, it was, but you know what? It's still not good, no matter how many fans it has, no matter how much money it pulls in. Those are just figures and numbers, and they're quite boring in the long run. Let's go over a few reasons why it was not good. First off, the story bites off way more than is necessary. We have Bruce Wayne in this ridiculous attempt to win back a woman he'll never have the chance to be with. The woman he is in love with prances around like a little school girl, and really has no business being in the story to begin with. She is just there to make both Batman and Harvey Dent rival each other. I'm so sure that the writers could have come up with a better plan to pit the two against each other than that. Then, there's the Joker...the most ridiculous part of the story. Ridiculous because of the lengths and the means that the filmmakers took to bring a new kind of villain. It's not entertaining, it's not disturbing, it's just sick. This movie was not fun. It was not entertaining. It was a product for the mindless audiences who were going to buy into it anyway, and especially because of the death of Heath edger. Let's talk a little about that. This film had success that rode the curtail of Ledgers death. The studio deliberately used the poor suffering of a human being to push a film into exhibition. That's really sad, and you know what else? It's all this film will ever be...the last film of Heath Ledger, and America went to see it because he died before it's release. sad. Really sad. I didn't like it, and I bet others will not like me for that very reason. Even more sad still. "The Dark Knight" is one of the worst films I have ever seen. I've disliked most of Christopher Nolan's prior work, but was willing to be converted, and the rave reviews psyched me up.Drained of humor (even black), plot less, structurally inept, poorly shot, one-third of the movie coming across as a Pierce Brosnan Bond movie (Bale even goes into Bond autopilot without noticing), Nolan hasn't a clue how to make pictures or what makes humans tick, and I wish the undeserved hype around him as a director ended now. Ledger is dreadful, but the poor chap's role is so wretchedly written that his character never stands a chance. Not to mention Nolan's amateurish decision to make Ledger copy Vincent Price's "Thriller" voice, undermining any authority the character is supposed to have. By attempting to ground the Batman mythology in contemporary reality, it just comes across as plain silly. Nolan makes films for technology age emotionless drudges hiding their lack of self-esteem and identity crises behind a mask of hipness and faux-aggression. By going to see "The Dark Knight", Nolan is dictating to them that they are cool and superior. That the film is a horrible, poorly made, highly manipulative piece of work, is irrelevant. The protagonist is boring, his Batman voice makes it impossible to take him seriously, he kills two people despite his no-killing rule being a major plot point, the villain makes no sense, the plot is riddled with holes big enough to see from orbit, and the action and editing are objectively terrible, to the point that basic spatial consistency does not exist. But worst of all, the film promotes a clear authoritarian message, with the protagonist indulging in torture, mass surveillance, and openly admitting that lying to the people is a-okay.The only good things about the film are the music and Ledger's entertaining performance.There is no defending this film. Do not even try. Review of one of the most surprising let downs follows. There are no spoilers, the film spoils itself enough...It's fair to say that prior to this film coming out I had concerns over the use of the Joker in this film. Concerns that only got more pronounced when I'd heard they cast Health Ledger in the role. Then I saw Brokeback Mountain and I became convinced that actually the guy had a raw talent and that maybe, just maybe, he could pull it off. Until the trailer came out and I was immediately concerned again. So how was Heath? Neither good nor bad. He was a live wire, and gleefully unpredictable and a shambolic, almost serpentine presence at points. But it wasn't spectacular. Talks of post-humous Oscar nods though are an exceptional exaggeration and unfortunately I believe this to be motivated by grief for Ledger.Aaron Ekhart's not bad, but I'm not really sure anyone knew why he was really there. I did NOT believe in Harvey Dent. Maggie Gyllenhaal was awful. It is a terrifying thing to say that Katie Holmes was better. You actually have your fingers crossed that someone will kill her right from the start. Morgan Freeman has a couple of nice moments but despite being given more screen time he contributes very little. Same with Gary Oldman. Seriously - what happened? Even Christian Bale seems to have lost a sense of what he's doing, Batman's voice getting ever closer to sounding like Rod Stewart's singing voice that at times I couldn't take it seriously, assuming you can make out what he's saying at all! It's difficult to comprehend that the same cast is in this film and Batman Begins, they really don't stack up side by side at all. Everone feels wasted.The Dark Knight is over long, it takes forever to really get any momentum going and then at the point you think it's starting it fails to launch. There are set pieces that don't really hang together and if you think about any of them for too long (which you will, as it does tend to drag) you'll find that they don't all make sense. One of the things that made Batman Begins so strong was a sense of realism - even going to great lengths to try to rationalize the ridiculous (a man dressed as a bat....). Tragically, The Dark Knight seems to have forgotten this entirely. Yes the Joker is larger than life but does that explain the obviously CGI enhanced stupid moments such as the Bat Pod cycling up a wall to flip over? There are too many of these moments - turning every cell phone into a sonar transponder in order to trace the Joker. Um? What? Also EVERYONE felt very written. Everyone's dialogue seemed to be furthering the plot rather than sounding like anything approaching reality. Michael Cain turns into Aunt May giving twee and convenient platitudes and nothing else - there's no sense of connection between him and anyone else. Gyllenhaal - even managing to leave twee and convenient letters to be read at twee and convenient moments. Aaron Ekhart seems to basically behave like a character bio rather than feeling terribly real and the whole descent into Two-Face thing STILL doesn't work.If you loved Batman Begins (and I did) you won't love this I'm afraid. You may not hate it, but I don't think you'll be impressed. I hope to watch this again at some point when the let down has passed me by and I'll hopefully enjoy it a bit more. There are three recent films I've been to see I had low expectations for - Iron Man, The Incredible Hulk and The Dark Knight. The first two surprised me and exceeded my expectations. The latter has left me feeling a bit flat. I'm just very disappointed, Batman Begins set a very high mark. The Dark Knight by comparison is almost worth avoiding. This is one of the worst films I have ever seen. The actors are good, as is the cinematography and the editing, but that's that. The script is a bunch of completely rubbish lines with no real meaning and special effects that have been done thousands of times and aren't interesting enough to keep our attention. The score is distracting.The villain is the most implausible villain I have ever seen. People who do evil things have purposes, the Joker doesn't have any. Even if there was a person like that, s/he wouldn't be able to have minions, because that kind of madness isn't a shared one. People kill for power or revenge, (or money, which is another type of power), basically. They have to have a purpose to unite and do evil things. All of the BS the joker said about evil and good completely miss the point about good, evil and humanity. They simply don't make sense.And what makes me furious is the fact that a lot of intelligent (or at least more or less intelligent) people are quoting those lines as if they meant anything. They don't. And they aren't even entertaining. Is this what now passes for entertainment? Can this really be compared for depth and breadth with other generally highly-rated movies such as the Godfather, Casablanca or even Star Wars? Many of the IMDb top movies deal with the good old battle between good and evil and the world-weariness of the hero or anti-hero, but this film lands far short of the mark in both character and plot development, not to mention script, acting, screenplay or any of the other attributes of a movie that might be worthy of commendation.The purity of the comic book origins of this piece are thoroughly distorted and turned into an incoherent muddle - almost any James Bond movie has a great deal more tension, humour, conviction and morality than this mess of a movie. On the other hand, if there's a serious message in The Dark Knight, I missed it, as I suspect will thousands of others. As a Batman flick, it simply doesn't deliver anything like the expectations; at yet another level as a post-9/11, human-condition, search-for-identity movie it also fails - however you want to see it, it fails on a grandiose scale.For some of who do not live in the in the US, The Dark Knight has the potential to appear as little more than an appalling piece of hyped-up propaganda for a moribund social policy that permits and legitimises evil, mayhem and general wrongdoing and unpleasantness on a colossal scale in the pursuit of defeating the threats against society.I've had more fun at the cinema studying the architecture. Another example of an over-hyped movie, but now in extreme. To say this piece of junk should be regarded as the best movie of 2008 is ridiculous. Basicaly it is just another movie about a man in a bat-suit who duels for more than 2 hours with another badman with a painted smile, and in the process some quasi profound remarks are exchanged. No humor in sight to make the movie better digestible.Big budget, good actors and some clever make-up artists are no guarantee for a good movie. In this case it resulted in a very boring one.As for the so-called performance of the year by Ledger; he is (was) a very good actor but this one-dimensional role is far from being special, but I guess the Oscar will be his, Nil nisi bonum.Why this movie should be on par with, or far better than true masterpieces like the Godfather 1&2 and Vertigo is beyond belief. I may run out of words to end with "less". Mindless, witless, a view of the world that's hopeless. Horrible acting, writing, editing, lighting and music. I've seen it all before only done better. Nicholson's turn at Joker was far, far superior. Ledger? Mirthless, just a distracting concoction of tics. Bale? Who knows? His augmented voice and masked face made his 2-dimensional performance meaningless. Dent? What a horrible performance, something you'd see on "Knot's Landing". Where have we come as a society? Kubrick made "A Clockwork Orange" in '71, a devilishly clever, mean and stylish film that pushed the limits when it came to on-screen violence. His young monster, Alex, played by the brilliant Malcolm MacDowell, was a thing to behold. Now we have families taking their kids to the '08 version of ultraviolence and yukking it up. The dark night of America film-making is more like it. Are we really this numb, are we really this nihilistic? The worst film i have seen this year. Its so Boring. I think it got good reviews because heath ledger died and that was a tribute to him. Batman is crap, the joker is average. The first Batman with Jack Nicholas as the joker is 1000 times better, that was excellent, this was dire and boring. Beware, batman fans are just going over the top for this heap of rubbish. The film is so predictable because you know what happens. I think that gadgets were not that good and the actors were not that good. I was expecting this to be great but as with all films with far too much hype i was waiting for the good bit. After an hour i was still waiting. After 2 i thought this is so dull and it wasn't going anywhere. I love good films eg Iron Man, Lord Of Rings, Indianna Jones, Shawshank Redemption, Star Wars. This is a classic by no means. A real disappointment and a waste of time. I was real stupid and bought this movie on video just to see if it was as good as some newspapers said. The real humans in this movie seems as much as aliens as the aliens do. The acting was just OK, the story never really took off, the special effects was not as good as I had expected and it never became funny. I sat waiting for something that never came in this film.Boring, stupid and overrated. (1 out of 10) I do think that Will Smith and Tommy lee Jones are good actors but they definitely did this movie for the big pay check  The story was silly.The special effects were over done. I rented this movie on video  and turned it off half way through..one of my least favorite  movies of all time. I simply must disagree with John Ulmer. I found this movie to be basically a mindless morass of stunts and special effects barely joined together by a threadbare semblance of a plot. It's a real shame to see Tommy Lee Jones underselling himself again by appearing in this. 'Nuff said. Strike one for Will Smith (Strikes two, three, four, and five being WILD WILD WEST.) Okay, the premise isn't too hot, but it has a little potential. The actors are gold, and the director is good, but the movie falls flat on it's face. The jokes fail miserably, and thus the film goes down in flames. Will Smith has awful lines, and Tommy's deadpan doesn't work. The non-cgi effects are good, but this movie sports some of the most god-awful computer imagery in major motion picture history. The lack-luster premise, the dull performances, the poor sfx, the misfired jokes (BLANKMAN at least made me laugh at one point, this movie did not) and the unusual directing style meld together to make a big pile of c**p. Someone call Will Smith's agent, and someone get a pooper-scooper. This cinematic abomination is without a doubt the most overrated movie of all time. It would have failed at the box office had it not had Will Smith's name on it. Yet another movie that sounds far better than it is. This movie wastes both the talents of the cast and the viewers time. I don't know what Barry Sonnenfeld was thinking but it didn't come out on film. There wasn't a laugh to be found, and the action was so cartoonish that even the people who decry any violence in the media would have a hard time moaning about what was here. A very big stinkbomb of a movie. Too bad I can't rate lower than a one. This has to be one of the worst pieces of garbage I have ever seen.  I find it insulting that someone would actually consider this "sci-fi."
Terrible story with bad acting, bad dialog, and bad directing.  This movie is WAAAAYYYYY over rated.  The only reason it did so well at the box office is because people wanted to know what it was all about.   Call me psychic but somehow I just knew Men in Black 2 would be a bomb!  Just like I predict Charlies Angels 2 will be a bomb.**Potential Spoiler**What was up with the cockroach thing?  Did that make sense to anyone?  A dead guy being guided by alien cockroaches, puleeeze.  Not to mention he gains 50 times more mass than the body could hold after becoming super cockroach at the end.Just an all around terrible piece of garbage that I recommend everyone avoid. This has to be one of the worst movies ever.The actors talents are wasted in this film.The special effects aren't bad,but the plot was hopeless.All i have to say is don't watch this movie, even if you feel bored. After Men in Black - there can only be made better films. Movies aren't about special effects or about publicity. This film had a vaudevillian,somehow tedious yet raucous mindlessness to it so powerful,that even though the sound was up to about 90 db's in the theatre,I still managed to catch some much needed shut-eye.Because of all the ensuing buzz surrounding this film,I thought it only fair to give it another crack at a 2nd run theatre,and lo and behold,it still sucked.The broad,techno-slapstick stuff runs so empty,at least it reminded me to go get my free refill of pop up at the snack counter.I think maybe the bottom line is that Barry Sonnenfeld isn't funny,and that the film is aimed at the 7-15 year old market.Sorry. A boy of interest was coming over and this was one of the first things that came up when i clicked on Action/adventure on Netflix, I decided this would be a good one considering most people think it's an oldie but a goodie... WRONG!!!!!!!!! It was the most awkward beginning to anything EVER the intro feels like it's an hour long of just following a bug around random places.. not ideal for the first "hangout" with a person of interest. This movie made my experience in the beginning a very awkward occasion and I am not pleased. Thank you and goodbye I hope you netflix and chillers learn from my experience Many people complains about the plot being confusing, but I found it very simple: Two ninjas, Sherlock and Watson (the former said to be very clever) have a fight each five minutes of the film. In-between fights they try to solve a very difficult case about a bad guy (Lord Blackwood) that, as Count Dracula, has the power to get into the minds of the people and make them cause riots and protests everywhere in Victorian London. Although the bad guy’s ambitions are merely political, he also murders women as a hobby and that’s why he is captured by the two ninjas, then prosecuted and finally hanged.Many people go to see the execution, but nobody (not even the clever ninja) notes that the rope from which the bad guy hangs stays loose around his neck. The other ninja, said to be a physician, takes the pulse of the corpse directly on the neck, and realizes that the rope didn’t leave any mark whatsoever in the dead guy’s neck. Admired by how soft these new ropes are, he says nothing and declares him dead.The bad guy wasn’t dead, but he was buried the same under big blocks of granite. This was a very hard task because these blocks were actually very small pieces glued together lightly so that the bad guy could break them from the inside of his grave and it must have required quite a lot of people to put these fragile blocks in place so delicately as not to unglue them. Fortunately for the bad guy no one working at the cemetery noticed this.The film goes on very slowly after that. Anything they investigate is immediately followed by a long fight.Very often Conan Doyle writes about cases that although they look supernatural at the beginning, a sound and rational explanation is provided at the end.Guy Ritchie decides to change this tedious scheme, so that a crescendo is built till the last frame. To achieve this Guy Ritchie applies the rule that if a case looks supernatural, the explanation should be more supernatural than the case itself.So, at the end, we are faced with magical substances (that couldn’t be found till now even in the Pandora moon) like a kind of clear, odorless liquid, that people take as water, which ignites readily and violently with just a spark, distilled cyanhydric acid that kills much better than the relatively pure counterpart so easy to obtain, an antidote thanks to which you can breathe hydrogen cyanide with no ill effects, small sized remote controls made in 1880, and many, many more. No ridicule is spared in explaining what has happened and how.Such a display of fantasy for nothing; at the end the clever ninja cannot explain how the bad guy managed to get into the minds of the people and organize riots telepathically. Maybe there was also a magical gas that was released by the bad guy and caused this, but unfortunately this is not shown in the film. I'm rating a 1/10 to counterbalance all the 9/10 reviews. This movie was just another stupid, boring action movie. I might of given it more stars if it wasn't named "Sherlock Holmes".1. The characters in the movie were not Holmes and Watson. Maybe Dr. House and Jackie Chan. I read some reviews saying that this is the best portrayal of Holmes you've ever seen, seriously? Yes, he was eccentric, but he wasn't a smug, childish, karate champion, witty.... He was a proper British gentlemen. Why does he always have a stupid, baffled expression in the movie? You know the one with his eyes wide open.2. I have to agree with another reviewer, Conan Doyle mostly had believable explanations. Not some remote control, flammable water, and lot's of other junk that they didn't have in the late 1800's.3. I hate that everything nowadays has to be an action movie. Holmes and Watson were not crime fighting ninjas. I've read many Holmes books and I've yet to find one where he goes around kicking ass all over the place. Next we'll see a Jesus movie where there are lots of explosions.This movie is good for the masses, but not if you are an actual thinking human being. I actually had high hopes for this movie. I went with a big crowd of people and while they planned to see Avatar I was going to see Sherlock Holmes. Unfortunately for them, Avatar was sold out so they all joined me in this train wreck of a movie. To be fair, there are about 10 minutes total that are kind of interesting. But the movie is 2 hours and 15 minutes long so there's the problem. There are so many plot holes that a mack truck could drive through and even with suspension of disbelief, it is truly a hodge podge of dreck with loud noises interspersed amongst the dreck to keep you awake. We are supposed to believe that Irene Adler is so strong as to heave a drugged and out-of-it Holmes from off the floor by the fireplace and onto a bed and then strip and handcuff him to the bed posts. They don't show you any of this because it would be laughably unbelievable. She must be super human to accomplish such a feat. There are other ridiculous stupidities that I thought perhaps were aimed at teens but the teens that were with me actually fell asleep because it was so boring. Every once in a while one of the sleeping teens would nod awake at a loud explosion. One such explosion completely engulfed the major characters yet in the next scene, not a burn mark is to be found. Apparently people in Holmes' day were made of asbestos. Don't waste your money. I like R.D.J. but this was a waste of time and money. At face value, Sherlock Holmes should have been the must-see of 2010 - great cast in the shape of Jude Law and the currently unstoppable Robert Downey Jr, massive budget, big name director and a classic story.In reality it fails, and fails badly.My better half extended a theory which I think holds merit here: it feels as though somebody has written a really good story to prequel the Sherlock Holmes stories by Arthur Conan Doyle and presented it to a studio - who have promptly handed it to a hack screen-writer and a lacklustre director to make a shambles of.The action scenes lack any feeling of authenticity or excitement, and that's pretty inexcusable in an action driven film with a cast of good actors. Had the film had a different director, I can't help feeling that it would have made an excellent, suspenseful story-driven feature. As it is, the action feels pasted-on and ruins the story.*(slight) SPOILER ALERT* Holmes' trademark summing up and explanation at the end is perhaps the one enjoyable scene in the film, but is ruined by the constant foreshadowing of sequels to come. The whole film, in fact, feels like it's setting up its own sequel rather than trying to be a film in its own right - it just doesn't work! *ANOTHER (very slight) SPOILER ALERT* Mark Strong is the villain of the piece as Lord Blackwood - but the character is a hugely inferior copy of his role as Septimus in Stardust, right down to the thigh-length black leather jacket.*ANOTHER (much bigger) SPOILER ALERT* Take a Dan Brown novel. Take all of the nonsensical plots about Illuminati and mystic orders. Superimpose it on top of an Arthur Conan Doyle novel. Voila - you've just made this film.I spent the whole of this film waiting for it to become good. The cast were good, the original characters were good, the budget was good - the film, however, is atrocious. If I were a supercomputer built to ruin Sherlock Holmes I could not have done a better job. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle came back to life just to die again of embarrassment. Maybe if anyone in Hollywood ever bothered to read the source material tragedies like this would happen less.Even though Holmes is one of the most recognizable names in literature they decided that he wasn't bad ass enough and turned him into a frigging UFC fighter. Instead of solving cases he just beats the crap out of everyone.If you liked this movie, you are the problem with American cinema. Have some standards people. Buried underneath a ton of special effects and obligatory action (to keep the audience riveted) lay a poorly devised character of a a 19th-century consulting detective, with an 18th century hair-do, and late-20th-century weapons, poorly disguised to look like something from steam-punk. (Psst- they didn't chrome-plate their pistols in those days.) Another Hollywood butcher job, re-writing history, and the intentions of the authors who originally presented it. The plot could not have been more transparent had it been made of glass--exposing the metaphysical as tricks of science and engineering. And Irene Adler... would have been arrested for dressing the way she did. But, of course... that's Hollywood. And Downey should be ashamed of himself... trying to make Holmes look like an Einstein Emo. He looked like a heroin addict, not like someone who took a 7% solution of cocaine when feeling bored. Totally disappointing. I am still reeling from the sheer terror of enduring this movie. It was a masterpiece of horror. It was a collection of platitudes and nonsense on a level that you rarely see in movies with this kind of budget. I can not find a single redeeming quality. Nothing at all.Bad acting is excusable here, and I won't cover the obvious stiffness and discomfort of Jude Law. I'd be too if I was him. That wasn't the bad part though.Holmes. Drug addict. Manic depressive perhaps. Prone to lock him self up in his room for weeks on end. Not good for the old physique. But oh, he's a veritable Bruce Lee meets the Karate Kid. Are you joking? Are you serious? I can suspend my disbelief with the best of them, but that is just too much of a stretch. It is actually too bloody stupid to even contemplate.For half the movie you think you are watching some kind of a "Harry Potter has Grown Up" production. It is uncanny how much like Harry Potter they tried to make this thing. If I want wizards, I'll go see Harry Potter, the real one, thank you very much. No, Harry Potter is not an improvement on the old Dickensian movie look. Really. It's not.Oh, and who let bloody Dan Brown into the script writers room. Honestly. The only thing missing was a bad cut to some medieval knight fighting some secret society in Jerusalem.I hereby nominate Sherlock Holmes for the Turkey of the year, and I doubt any other will come close to this junk. I grew up reading Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's novels and I could still read them. This is because his novels can wake up imagination of the child and yet they have style and class to involve any adult into the story. I can say that this is the case with most of the Sherlock Holmes movies I had seen before I saw this one as they engage you by using the intelligent plot, first of all. 2009 Sherlock Holmes is a ridiculous attempt to turn a legendary detective into a Mission Impossible character and Dr. Watson into James Bond, Sean Connery style. Fast actions with special effects and very poor plot development are typical failures of this sterile Hollywood style project which has nothing to do with Sherlock. As I already mentioned partly, character of Dr Watson overpowers must dominating figure of Sherlock Holmes, which is sooo amateurish. Sherlock Holmes casting is a total failure, this guy matches Sherlock Holmes character as much as Sylvester Stallone. All in all, this is the bad time for Sherlock Holmes lovers. I guess what is more depressing than this abominable movie is the many laudatory reviews I have read here. Are audiences today so jaded, so utterly disconnected from even their recent past, so completely lobotomized that they would find kind words to say about such dreck as this? I had thought that the unspeakable 1979 pastiche of HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES with Dudley Moore was about as low as one could get in the filming of a Sherlock Holmes story. I was clearly wrong. This is the end, the limit, the bottom of the calcium-encrusted barrel. Holmes admirers (those who understand and appreciate the fine originals) will stay away in droves if for no other reason than the hilarious miscasting of the lead characters. Mr Downey as Holmes and Mr Law as Watson rank right up there with such inspired casting choices as Tony Curtis playing a medieval knight and Sharon Stone playing a gunfighter of the old west. Ridiculous.I doubt that Hollywood's renowned contempt for its audiences can be better illustrated than by this movie. Do moviegoers really enjoy having their intelligences insulted with such grand insouciance?It is both pointless and useless to go on. We have given up what little culture we have left by allowing these amateurs to take great classics and turn them into idiotic roller-coaster rides. A paying public that can applaud, let alone part with the money to see, such a movie is clearly a public that can no longer recognize quality. Some years ago, just before he passed away, the great producer Darryl Zanuck said "I know audiences feed on cr_p. But I cannot believe we are so lacking in ability that we cannot dish it up to them with a little style". Why bother, Mr Zanuck? Apparently anything thrown out to movie audiences today will be lapped up like cream.Stay home and read a Conan Doyle original. Since too much has already been written about this crap, I'll confine myself to some key points:Story: Thin to non-existent. Plot holes and logical blunders abound.Script: Complete failure. Just a succession of scenes without a coherent narrative. Acting: Mediocre and miscast (although I usually like both Law and Downey). Chemistry between characters: Completely non-existent. Action: Too many boring fight scenes, just for the sake of it. Humor: Got very thin very fast. Tried to be witty but failed miserably.Length: About two hours – felt like three. Boring. Paralysing. Visuals: Some good shots of industrial London. CGI became quite dull soon, however.Seriously, save your time and money! Guy Ritchie's Recipe For One Terrible Movie: *Take perfect classic story, then knead it until mixed randomly *Add 3 heaping Tablespoons of good actors; peel off talent and discard *Mix in 3 tons of nasty dead pigs from ceiling *Sprinkle in a dash of bro-mance with zero chemistry every now and then *Put a lame ninja-like fight scene not related to the non-existent plot in with loud noises to wake audience up every 15 minutes *Throw in obvious set-ups for the upcoming sequel every three minutes to remind the audience that this won't be the last 2 hours and 8 minutes they will spend in a drooling plot less, senseless, endless comaGee, I can't wait for "Sherlock Holme2" (where the 's' in Holmes flips to a '2' shaped like a cheesy smoking CG pipe) to throw away another two hours of my life that I could spend on something more useful like painting my house with a Q-tip or reviewing a movie online (that I'd give a negative number rating were it possible!)For the half of you think this movie was the best thing since string cheese and are marking these low reviews as unhelpful, seek help. Seriously. I'm not a Holmesabookaholic who's saying 'the movie was ruined because the bloody horse carriages were driving on the right hand side of the road when they should have been on the left in London, so this otherwise brilliant picture has been tainted for me!'; I'm illiterate, so that's impossible. This was just a baaaaad movie. Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadddddd movie. Please take my word for it if you haven't seen it.Really bad. This movie was extremely boring (my friend slept through most of it) and irritating. I've been a real Sherlock Holmes stories fan for many years (first place visited in London? 221B Baker Street - I've read all of the stories 6 times).I was very disappointed by the shame that movie makes of itself by transforming the noblest of men (Watson and Holmes) into two idiots punching each other (!!!). Mary Morstan that throws a cocktail in Sherlock's face? ARE WE CRAZY?! The noblest men into two idiots and the best friendship into a ridiculous series of insults. SHAME.If you are not a Holmes fan it's just still a mediocre modern movie full of action and with an horrible story. Why did I find this movie totally boring? The acting: None of the characters could hold my attention. All of them lacked a soul. Watching Robert Downey Jr is like watching a brick wall, nothing happens, only a negative radiation and a view in a bottomless lake. The 2 leading ladies were also a big disappointment, catwalk faces with zero expression. Ow, how I missed a Hitchcock heroin. I always love Jude Law but here his sparkles also die and it's not his fault, he was still the best of them all. Btw, Jude looks very sexy with mustache.The directing: Guy Ritchie probably focused only on the visuals and the story. As far as scenery and so on the movies is okay. The story however is way too blurry and unnecessarily complex and far-fetched. A typical boy's story, -now this happens now that happens- -this is fun that is fun- with no thoughts about the feelings to trigger with the viewer. Everything we get to see is brainy and rational. 19th Century London could have been breathtaking atmospheric if only this product wasn't aimed at the ADHD generation. Digital filming: it is obvious this movie was not shot on celluloid but digitally shot which saves a lot of money. The problem with digital shooting becomes clear during action scenes, they are not fluid but shaky. Also the dynamics between light and dark are very limited. The whole movie is covered in a boring grey scale which even covers the girls make up.The editing: It is way too fast, so none of the scenes make it to the unconsciousness or can become iconic. Music and sound: I can't remember any tune anymore, except that left and right speakers continually gave dis adjusted sounds. Believe it or not there were 8mins 36 seconds of credits on that pile of turd. That means nearly 1000 people wanted their name to be associated with it. And some of those must be requested credits like 2nd associate directors assistants executive producers dogs hair dresser.....kind of thing. Now correct me if i am wrong but don't people usually shy away from being associated with criminal activity. Like on crime watch do they not blur out peoples faces? And this film is the BIGGEST crime known to man. How? Why? was it made. It lacked several key elements required to make a film. Namely Characters, Plot, Script, Action, Relivance etc... I mean i have no actual idea what this horse **** excuse for a film is about. Who was the bad guy? Why was he bad? When did Sherlock Holmes become a ninja assassin? Who was the girl? What was she doing? Did she also study ninja in 1800 London? Why did they all have American accents? It is set in London or the wild west? Is Jude Law stuck in the role of that android he played in the other really pooh movie? He sure moves like a robot and acts totally emotionless! Didn't Sherlock Holmes smoke a pipe? Well i think Robert Downey junior must have been smoking a crack pipe when decided to make this film. And throughout making it....And do you know what the most offencive part about it is? THEY HAVE ALREADY PENNED A Sequel! How can you have a follow up to a film where nothing happens? Don't you first need a story in order to follow it up with a second story? And who on earth would desire to watch a sequel to a film so terrible it is actually offencive... Its beyond the point were you can amuse yourself with how bad it is. The only way i can describe the feeling of how i felt afterwards is when peter griffin grazes his knee.... THAT IS HOW I FELT, it was a nagging pain that still hasn't gone away! Seriously all copies of this movie should be exiled to Cuba where no-one will ever watch it again because they still use VHS! Painful Don't EVER WATCH IT!!!! for being Madonna's 59th boyfriend.Judging by this cinematic piece of filth, he certainly won't be remembered for anything else.Hey, what a neat idea. Let's take these iconic characters who've been around for a century and totally screw with them. Let's make Holmes a dysfunctional slob, and Watson a gambling jerk, and give them some kind of frustrated bro-mance, with no chemistry.Yeah, we'll use Jude Law and Robert Downey Jr., but it will still stink.Okay, the CGI looked good, and they did some great set direction, but deep down, you don't care. These aren't the Holmes and Watson Sir Arthur Conan Doyle wrote about. They are at best clichés... It's elementary Guy - keep it simple and develop your characters with a plot that people can relate to.I am trying to think where this film went wrong and I have reached the conclusion that it was just about everywhere.What the hell Jude Law was doing in this load of tripe I will never know but you could say that his talent was completely wasted in endless predictable action and fight scenes.If there was ever a one joke or one theme movie this was it. My God, didya ever guess that Sherlock Holmes has an amazing power of deduction? If you didn't, Guy Ritchie demonstrated this to us five hundred and ninety five times.And Guy if you cannot come up with a feasible plot and have to ham it up - it HAS to be funny. And your villains HAVE to make you scared. My 8-yr-old grand-daughter was more frightened of Mrs Tweedy in Chicken Run than she was by Lord Blackwood in over-baked pad of codswallop.I can only say that Basil Rathbone must be turning in his grave. This movie was TERRIBLE! It wouldn't have been half as bad if they just didn't call it 'Sherlock Holmes' the way they portrayed him in this movie is NOTHING like the actual character of Sherlock Holmes. Holmes is not some buff, a-kicking, bad-a.. He is supposed to be a highly intelligent character and I didn't get that feeling from Downey Jr. AT ALL. I never pictured Sherlock Holmes to be a strong, tiny man & I think they just did completely horrible things with the characters. Story line and plot and all that was not bad at all definitely some good entertainment but NOT using Holmes & Watson as characters, that just completely ruined the movie because that is NOT what those characters are supposed to be like at all! Definitely going to avoid the new one coming out this year I was already disappointed enough in this one definitely know better than to waste my money this time. It makes me sick the way Hollywood takes normal proper characters and completely destroys them in films this was complete blasphemy I'll bet if the original creator of Sherlock Holmes was still alive today he would be very upset! This has to rate as one of the most infuriating, frustrating films I think I have ever seen.The good bits: Robert Downey Jr turns in a very credible and intelligent performance as Holmes.The bad bits: It was a great pity that his performance is all at sea in a script that is a complete mess, and his back up is Jude Law -- the second most annoying and irritating Dr Watson I have ever come across.The bad guy -- now there is an infuriatingly over the top villain. The constant fights, the heavy-handed suspend-disbelief stunts. The film never "settles" long enough for me to get into it. It leaps wildly from highlight to highlight without even a corresponding lowlight to slow things down a bit. It's just too much. Yet again Guy Ritchie uses the carcasses of dead animals for effect, this time in a slaughter house. He treats these once living creatures as furniture.From the opening credits I could see that most of the horses in this film (there were many many scenes with horses) were frightened and I will be making a complaint to the RSPCA.The film was full of sensational nonsense, where I was left wondering why particular scenes were written into the script in the first place, in particular the ship yard fandango. Yawn.Robert Downey Jnr and Jude Law are both superb actors, but Rachel McAdams (was that her name?) looked like she had wondered out of the Time Traveller's Wife into another film and forgot to act differently.A film worth missing in general. For starters, the two stars should have switched roles. Jude Law could have pulled off a Sherlock Holmes that one would have wanted to see in this movie and even in some sequels. Plus, Downey could have done Watson as a rumpled genius who gave more support than is generally known. Then, to actually have made the whole thing work, a different director, one who hasn't been marinating in the sexually confused alternate universe of Mr.Madonna, could have made a buddy movie for this age that revealed a mind meld without bedroom influences. Gee, where is Alfred Hitchcock when you need him? He knew when and how gay inferences should be used to season rather than poison a franchise-worthy film. This movie ain't about Sherlock Holmes, but some pathetic Holmes wannabe. More like a Jacques Clouseau movie than a Holmes movie. Also Jude Law is just the wrong person to cast as Dr. Watson, no matter how charming he is, he's just not Watson, period.In Summary:The "Sherlock Holmes" played by Robert Downey Jr tries hard to be characteristic but failswhereas the real Sherlock Holmes from the book IS effortless characteristic.Enough said. I am an great admirer of Robert Downey Jr and he acts very well in this film but Sherlock Holmes he is not.This is not a good film. It is equally as bad as "Where are the Morgans?" that I had the misfortune to see a few nights ago. Where is the film industry going? I watched Wallander with Kenneth Branagh on TV a couple of nights ago. That is great writing, great acting and great cinematic photography. Entrancing. That is the standard we are looking for. As a film Sherlock Holmes is comprehensively not even third rate. It takes a lot of talent to make even a bad film. There is lot of talent and money on display but a bad film this is.The script is amateurish; no sense of onward momentum within scenes and from one scene to the next. Did anyone read an elementary book on screen writing? It is Dan Brown without the story-telling ability, the characterization and the inventiveness. Guy Ritchie, what has happened to you? Amazing special effects but all very noisy and incoherent. Give it a miss. It is two hours long but the middle hour seems like three. I recently finally caught up with Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes; very much at the same time, I saw the BBC's 21st century reboot of Holmes. They span the extremes—dreadful to astonishingly, and unexpectedly, wonderful.Starting with the ridiculous—Guy Ritchie's film is, frankly, dreadful in almost every way. The steampunk vision of Victorian London is visually striking, but far from original, and it gets tiresome and overly gloomy. The plot is a cross between second-tier Conan Doyle and second-tier Hammer horror. The film is full of special effects and set pieces—in particular, a boxing match, a bout in a shipyard with a 19th century Oddjob, and a fight between Holmes and the villain on top of a half-completed Tower Bridge. The first is mere vulgar sensationalism; the second two, obvious borrowings from Bond films.In fact, much of the film is bricolage from better work, be it Bond films, or Hammer films, or earlier Holmes films. There is enough holes in the plot to drive a locomotive through. For instance, Holmes gets to Tower Bridge from a location near the Houses of Parliament in a matter of moments—in reality, Tower Bridge is several miles away from Parliament. The only bright spot is Jude Law as Watson—a performance that is authentic to the character.And, ultimately, authenticity is the biggest problem. For a Holmes film to work, it does not have to be a faithful reproduction of one of the 60 original stories—the route generally followed by the Thames TV series with Jeremy Brett. To name only a few, Wilder's The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes, The Seven Percent Solution, and most of Basil Rathbone's films have little if any connections with the original stories, and yet they are full of the right atmosphere and character. The biggest problem is Robert Downey Jr.—a wonderful actor whose work I generally admire, but who is all wrong in the part of Holmes. Part of the problem is the dreadful script. Part of the problem is that Downey plays Holmes as too neurotic, too scruffy, and too unpleasant. A scene where Holmes insults Mary Morston (Kelly Reilly), Watson's fiancée, is simply out of character.There is another dimension, which is perhaps a bit refined—but nevertheless significant to a core portion of the audience. Holmes is the best known fictional character in English literature—possibly the best known fictional character in all of world literature. The Holmes stories have attracted exegesis worthy of a Biblical text, and even those who are not of fanatical disposition (like me) are sensitive to contradictions. To name only two—Holmes at one point states that he has never met Mary, which (chronologically in the books) is untrue, and much of what passes between Irene Adler and Holmes does not square with the only story in which she appears, A Scandal in Bohemia.These points would be trivial, if the overall quality of script and characterization were right. They are not. Gregory, the movie cat, whose judgment is infallible, just snorted with disgust and left the room early on. I wish that I had. Don't waste your time.As a long-time Holmes enthusiast, I was not prepared to like the BBC Sherlock. The notion of updating Holmes to the 21st century sounded like a ghastly idea. But this new series—three episodes to date, and I hope many more to come—is flat out wonderful.The casting is spot on. The critical characters are of course Holmes and Watson. Benedict Cumberbatch proves a nearly perfect Holmes—cerebrotonic, neurasthenic, unnervingly intelligent—and Martin Freeman, as an Afghan war veteran (a clever reference back to the originals) is a perfect down to earth foil, and, refreshingly, not played as a dolt. The first of the 3 films, A Study in Pink, is both a cheeky reference to the first Holmes story (A Study in Scarlet) and an intriguing psychological variation on the locked room mystery.Frankly, as urgently as I would suggest that the reader avoid Ritchie's Sherlock, I would suggest watching the BBC's Sherlock. It's one of the most refreshing things I have seen in some time. The atmosphere is right, the characterization is right, and the concept is original. This was the worst portrayal of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's characters that I have ever seen. The plot made no sense whatsoever. As with most new versions of older stories/characters, the main characters become nothing more than street brawlers.Anyone who has read the original stories would see this in an instant, and anyone who has seen the faithful adaptations done by PBS starring Jeremy Brett and Edward Hardwicke will see how poor this movie is.It was so bad, that I walked out halfway through the movie. The only similarity to Doyle's original characters is their names. Holmes was not a brawler. He was an extremely intelligent character who only used cocaine when bored. There was no indication in the original stories that Dr. Watson had a gambling problem. Irene Adler was not a streetwise, slutty thief - she was a renowned, honorable opera singer. Just read "A Scandal in Bohemia." I do like Sherlock Holmes movies. I was quite thrilled, because a new movie about Sherlock is always a good thing. However, i must say i was quite disappointed with the result.Why was i disappointed?1. The plot is simple, the action is slow, and there is no intrigue or suspense whatsoever. You always know all the time who the bad guy is, and how things are going to develop. 2. The duo Law-Downey Jr. seems ineffective to me, and it is unable to transmit positive chemistry. 3. The Ninja abilities of Holmes and Watson are for children, or for brain-dead people. If you want to see this kind of action, it is better to watch a Bruce Lee, Jacky Chan or Chow Yoon Fat movie. 4. The Bad guy, Lord Blackwood, is very thin, does not transmit any fear whatsoever, and it is actually like a dummy. It looks like the bad guy of a Harry Potter movie for 7 year old children. It is in fact so bad that it makes no sense at all, and conveys very poor feelings. He is not a memorable villain, but a very weak villain in a ridiculous Harry Potter style. 5. The use of humor is also very childish and easy, for non intelligent people. 6. Secondary characters like Lord Coward are just pitiful clichés. 7. The use of satanism and black magic might be good for the plot. However, in this case looks more like a bunch of Harry Potter apprentices. The use of a book of spells(new age pseudo-witchcraft) is ridiculous. 8. To sum up, this is a very poorly designed movie, with a very bad plot, an uninteresting story, and grotesque characters. It is just a "harry potter" sherlock Holmes for children and not very intelligent people. However, i suppose that you can enjoy the movie if you are between 7-12 years old. One of the worst films I have ever seen. Every single scene was flawed and had errors. From beginning to end the movie had mistake after mistake. Now most movies have one or two mistakes and you just over look it but when it happens in every scene of the movie, you can't just wave it to one side.For example, when Bond leaves the London underground and starts running to save M. Here we have TWO errors. Firstly, M does not do MP's committee meetings and secondly, why does Bond run half way across London to get to her? Why not stop one of the police officer's to either drive him or to give him the car? There are so many errors, like I already said in EVERY single scene of the movie.Few others that I still remember are such as the opening scene, why does Eve who just mistakenly shot Bond with an automatic rifle not then open fire on the bad guy? How did Bond even survive such a drop? How did he end up in the arms of a beautiful woman on a beach? How did Eve even miss shooting him jumping on the train earlier? Why did the bad guy who had an automatic pistol and had Bond pinned down behind a wooden market stall decide to jump on a motorbike rather than to kill him? Why did the police bikers even drive straight towards a man firing a weapon? How did Eve even turn up with a vehicle just as Bond left the building? So many errors and so many gaps and that's just the first 8 minutes! I can go on and on and on. EVERY scene had massive errors, Even the Aston Martin DB5 scene, how comes Bond has it? Why would he even run away with M and get her killed? Are the SAS on strike? How did Bond leave the casino in Macau after killing 3 bodyguards? Does a large casino only have 3 security guards? Why even would they fight? Surely they would have just shot him as soon as he enters the casino? Javier Bardem's baddie character was ridiculous and comical. It was totally unbelievable, even an 8 year old wouldn't believe the storyline. Poor acting and the camp/gay innuendos were painful to watch. I couldn't believe what I was watching.This was an appalling movie. It relied on Judi Dench to hold it all together. Sadly I am not able to give it a 0 so I will give it 1/10. No action in the movie what so ever after the opening scene. Two men hugging on top of a train has been done so many times. Pathetic movie and the only people who will enjoy this are the brain dead. Shame on critics who were saying this was the best Bond movie ever, you should be ashamed of yourselves.I used to like Daniel Craig as Bond but thanks to this movie I now dislike him too. Well done to Sam Mendes and Co, it takes a certain amount of talent or the lack of it to single handedly destroy Bond. The hero in this movie was the final credits, the real baddie in this movie was the man behind the camera. There are so many things wrong with this movie. Most of the elements of a good Bond movie aren't there.The locations aren't well used. The Istanbul roof top & Bazaar chase has already been shown in "Taken 2" and the TV show "Missing". Dejavu. The way they showed 'Shanghai' and 'Macau' at night it could have been filmed anywhere. The Scottish countryside shown was so grim.Where are the cars and gadgets? Nothing but the old Aston Martin. Just that pistol and tracker. The new Q is so ineffective. The villain played by Javier Bardem. He is more comical than sinister. With the blond fright wig, the campy overtures and the most frightening of all, the dentures this must the most absurd bad guy in Bond history.The climax feels cheap and conventional. They must have run out of money for the second half. Such a stupid idea to bring M to that run down Scottish house. With the home made defences and geriatric defenders, it felt like Home Alone meets the Golden Girls. Might as well have asked Betty White or grandma to join in. The new Bond girl Berenice Marlohe is exotic and fascinating to look at. But why only one? Writing her out of the show so early and not having another was a mistake. The Bond girl is supposed to end up saved by Bond with a hook up at the end. Unless you consider M a Bond girl.The focus of the movie is M. Judi Dench was always too provincial looking for MI6. The only good thing about this movie is that Ralph Fiennes is replacing her. Finally. There was no need to dedicate a whole movie to her farewell. Daniel Craig is just so haggard he looks worse than the villain. It's time to replace him with someone younger and handsomer. Baffled by the good reviews. Be warned we are being short changed. Like thousands of others I am a Bond fan and although we all have differing views on what Bond should be, we all expect a good Bond movie to be an escape from our day to day lives. A glamorous life full of suspense and intrigue. Skyfall has no suspense, intrigue or glamour (save for Berenice) and as such is not escapism and not a 'Bond film'. Casino Royale was a Bond film and a very good one at that, so this mess isn't Craig's fault.Like others I also saw terrible sets especially Skyfall Lodge which looked like something from a sixties TV series, crossroads or it's a knockout!Also I noticed clear as day Craig's stuntman on several occasions, completely ruining for me the roof top motorbike chase. Continuity errors all over the place not worthy of a Bond film from any era.Q was miscast and his specs were embarrassing, all wrong wrong wrong.The new Moneypenny should never sleep with Bond and Naomie Harris cannot act to save herself.Berenice Marlohe is amazing, an incredible actress and totally stunning. My one point out of ten is all for her!Another weird thing about this Bond.....nobody mentions 'Britain' only 'England' - is this a future proofed Bond ready for Scottish independence?! England is mentioned several time but not Britain anymore even though we saw union jacks but no George flag. A small point to some but a major puzzle to some, what is this all about?Never ever did I have all these concerns watching a Bourne movie or even the brilliant TV series Homeland, in these productions you never stop to think 'this isn't real' because it is all done so well that you just get wrapped up in it all. Not so this film for me, so so many errors that I couldn't wait to get out of the cinema. Above all this film bored me and depressed me, something I have never said about any Bond film before, not even Q of Solace.The real puzzle for me is who likes it? My straw poll of 11 people has brought up 8 who disliked it and felt tricked, with the rest not bothered either way so how come all the hype? How come all the glowing professional reviews? It's almost 'the king has no clothes' situation isn't it? Or maybe all the pro UK stuff in our Olympic year of celebration has made everyone lose their objectiveness.Either way I have yet to meet anyone who thought this was a great movie. Let's be honest here, most Bond movies are tongue-in-cheek and pretty stupid and that's part of it's appeal. It's a fantasy world of beautiful women, gadgets, real stunts and cheesy one-liners but this so called "Real Bond" doesn't work for me. Were Pierce Brosnan, Roger Moore and Sean Connery cyborg robots? I must have missed something.Bond movies have their own style and special formula with the usual ingredients, similar to a Big Mac. In fact, others have made a very good living copying Bond, from Austin Powers, Johnny English, Spy Hard, Ispy and many more. But how do you copy this movie? It was like watching a straight-to-DVD Steven Seagal movie. Dare I even say worse than a Seagal movie.Now most 'professional' film critics will say this is the 'best Bond movie ever' so that they can kiss butt to get more free tickets and invites to premieres, none of them are going to be honest. So as an average movie goer who has to pay to see the film I expect my money's worth. This movie was like paying for a Big Mac but just getting the bun and nothing in the middle.Skyfall (or as I not-so-cleverly renamed it Skyfail) was boring from the beginning to the near end, only part I enjoyed was Bond in the very end. The cold and bleak landscape of Scotland was perfect for Bond. Unfortunately, the other characters at the end bored me. The baddie arrives in a military type helicopter with John Lee Hooker's Boom Boom blasted out from a speaker which was brilliant but where did he get it from? Surely they aren't available on ebay, are they? Most people will say they enjoyed the opening scene which in time they will probably realise was pretty awful and rather boring. An Audi slides on its side a few yards and somehow re-rights itself. With just a minor scratch on it, this is the 'action scene'. My teenager son causes more damage to his car on a Friday night. The Bikes even drive pass the same place twice which is unforgivable in any movie.The Bond girls in Casino Royale (Eva Green and Caterina Murino) were gorgeous by anyone's standards but since then the Bond girls have been rather rough looking.You don't get your money's worth in this movie nor do you see anything new. All you get is a director who thinks he knows best how to make a Bond movie and that the tried and tested formula is somehow wrong. We live in a tech world, the information age, but somehow Bond who has always been ahead in the tech department has now been left behind. He seems more interested in drinking and gambling than saving the world with a toaster that can turn into a 'Little Nellie'Oh, how i miss you 007!As a child, growing up with Bond I had the toys, The sleek silver DB5 with the ejector seat and the white Lotus that was a necessity come bath time. What do the kids now have from Bond I wonder? Gambling chips? Or some video game which is more violent than the movie?It would have been nice to see a Bond movie on its 50th anniversary going all out with major action sequences as you would expect in an action movie such as Mission Impossible, Bourne or even a Terminator movie. Instead we are spoon fed a "Downton Abbey" version of Bond, we definitely had the cast all that was missing were the costumes.The cast: Daniel Craig and his potato-field-like face looked more like Bond in this movie than the previous two. Javier Bardem was a let down and looked like a 70s porn director. Judi Dench gets to swear again, somehow they think it's cool to have an acclaimed actor swearing. Ralph Fiennes thought this was a WWII movie, all that was missing was his German SS costume, Naomie Harris has no real input, she's just chucked in to the grinder to appeal to a wider audience. Berenice Marlohe was somehow weaved into the story to let Bond order a drink and have sex, Albert Finney plays a Scot as bad as I would, Ola Rapace gets his part thanks to his real life wife and Ben Whishaw tries hard to play a geek with the usual geeky stereotype but ends up releasing the villain from his fish tank. Believe it or not but Q used to be intelligent... that's how he got a job at the Military Intelligence Department.In my opinion, a Bond movie should look and feel like a... dare I say it,... a Bond movie. This was sadly a poor scripted, a poor acted and a poor attempt at making an action movie. In time this movie will go down as the worst Bond movie but right now the hype around it is causing a smoke screen. (That's how Bond saves M. Somehow the baddie shoots a few rounds at M and then out of nowhere decides to leave after going to all that trouble in finding her!). Albert Broccoli and Ian Fleming must be turning in their graves. It took 50 years for some sorry excuse of a director who thinks he's an artist of some sort to ruin it. Very sad time for Bond fans. A disappointment as a Bond movie or even a stand alone movie.I give it a 1 for the helicopter scene and thank you Mr Hooker for waking me up.Don't try to reinvent the Big Mac by taking the meat out of it. I have been a James Bond fan for years, but this movie was just badly bolted together. Why?1. How did Eve, who was chasing the train in the truck and barely keeping up, suddenly get two or three minutes ahead of the train in time to set up for when it emerged from the tunnel? The timing simply doesn't work. 2. M orders Eve to "take the shot" three times. Bond heard them, and Eve's complaint that the shot wasn't clean. So why didn't Bond simply drop to the roof of the car and let her have the shot? If she missed, he could easily resume his fight in the next tunnel. 3. Why didn't Eve take a second shot at the henchman on the roof of the train after she shot Bond? The henchman had enough time to turn to her and all but wave a 'thank you', yet she didn't bother. 4. Bond survives the fall from the train how exactly? He is on the roof of a train moving at approximately 40mph when he is shot, catapulted backward, and falls hundreds of feet into a river. Because he is unconscious, he can not enter the water at a safe angle, and should have been killed. As if this isn't bad enough, the unconscious Bond is then swept over a high waterfall. The title sequences explain nothing of his escape, and when they end, Bond is in a hut on the beach bedding some girl. Not explaining his survival is a critical error which borders on ludicrous, yet somehow the audience is meant to take it all seriously. 5. It is clear that Eve is a poor field agent. Later, Bond suggests that she simply doesn't belong in the field. However, this raises the question: how did she acquire field agent status to begin with? 6. Bond always attempts to keep collateral damage amongst civilians to a minimum, and protects the defenseless. However in this film, he allows the villains to do their dirty work before he intervenes. 7. To this Bond, as developed in the last two films, women quickly became anything but 'disposable pleasures'. The death of Vesper Lynd in Casino Royale was a terrific trauma; when Ms. Fields is killed in Quantum, he is again visibly angry. However, in Skyfall Bond not only makes no attempt to save Sévérine (not even attempting to fight the henchmen to provide a distraction until the backup he knows is en route arrives), but he shows absolutely no glimmer of distress over her death. In fact, his first response is a fast, and badly delivered, quip about it being a 'waste of good Scotch.' 8. Silva had tried to take his own life by a hydrogen cyanide pill. Instead of killing him, he merely felt a burning sensation and had most of his teeth and jaw fell off. Such 'suicide pills' kill; they do not merely give one a little heartburn and bad teeth. 9. What was the point of Silva setting up his own arrest? Ostensibly, it is so that he can talk to M one last time. But why not just travel to London, abduct M from the hearing, and talk to her before doing her in? 10. If Q was good enough to have invented the security on Silva's computer, how was it that he was unable to stop it from freeing Silva? 11. How did Silva know that within just a few seconds of the blast an empty train would be coming through to conveniently fall on and crush Bond, allowing him to escape? 12. The 1964 Aston Martin made its triumphant return in this film, but unfortunately it did so in a way that created continuity errors and glaring reboot issues. It is not a 'company car,' so it must be the same Aston Martin that Bond won from Dimitrios playing cards in Casino Royale. However, it has all of the Q-branch add-ons from Goldfinger If this had been Dimitrios' car, why did it have the Goldfinger configuration from Q Branch? This thoroughly wrecked the film's continuity with the reboot. 13. What was the purpose of taking M to Skyfall? In the film, it is openly suggested that the plan is a trap to catch Silva, with M serving as the bait. However, if it is a trap, one would expect Bond to create a scenario where they would have a significant advantage. It is poorly explained why he doesn't want backup (he depended on them for extraction from Silva's island); he also takes no weaponry with them. Instead, the unlikely trio is forced to create a "Home Alone" style defense of Skyfall which is doomed to failure before it even begins 14. Why did the monk's tunnel lead, not all the way to the chapel, but into the middle of the moor? A half-tunnel is barely worth the effort to build. 15. When M and Kincade enter the tunnel to leave the house, Kincade closes and locks the door from the other side. Yet, when Bond decides to leave, he has no difficulty simply opening the door. 16. Why would M and Kincade, while secretly fleeing the attack through the moor in the middle of the night, use a flashlight to illuminate their path? This could only be a dead giveaway of their position to Silva and his henchmen. Why not just pull out a Las Vegas-style neon sign and have M cry out from the moor: "Oh, Silva, come and get us!" 17. Silva's death scene was preposterous, and very nearly Monty Python-esque. Bond stabs Silva in mid-back with a blade; it would have severed the spinal cord, causing instant paralysis before death. Yet Silva bizarrely laughs and staggers toward Bond. 18. There were many continuity mistakes introduced into the film through sloppy editing (such as M's handbag in Mallory's office).Very badly done film. I saw skyfall today and found it to very boring and predictable.The movie theme was not like a bond movie at all but a typical revenge drama. Didn't the bond team learn anything from the quantum of solace?The movie was so predictable1. The guy would have planned his capture just to get inside the HQ.2. Bond cuts out a bullet (terminator style) from his body and they immediately narrow down 3 people in the world who use such bullets and first one on the computer screen is the culprit. Too luckily for MI6, the Americans already know that he is in Shanghai in next 2 days. Whoa!!!!3. That old puts a knife on the table and says sometimes old fashioned things work the best (and that time everyone knows that the bad guy would get the chop from the knife)4. 20 trained assassins with machine guns and a military helicopter cannot kill a old woman, and old man, and bond armed with 50 year old double barrel gun.5. Villains always waste time blabbering nonsense (like you need to relax and take a breath) when they capture bond ... Giving him to escape.Overall a very pointless and very bad movie which lives upto all the clichés of a bond movie making it highly predictable and boring. This is right up there with Mortal Kombat 2 and 2012 as the worst movies I've sat through in the theater. Nothing made sense and they insulted your intelligence time and time and time again.Spoilers Ahead.The first hour was actually pretty interesting - albeit bizarre. That Bond survived the fall without any explanation was odd but hey, I can live with one miracle resurrection - it's a Bond movie. The sequence in Shanghai was also pretty well done and the silhouette fight was great cinematography - but again - Bond lets the bad guy shoot his target? But who's the target? And if he wanted to trail him to know who he was working for - why would he kill him? But OK, he finds a clue and goes to Macau, where he redeems a chip that obviously isn't for him. So, instead of being interrogated by the Casino staff/thugs - a woman comes up to him and more or less gives up her boss, with her handlers a few feet away. What? OK so then there's an obligatory fight in a kimodo dragon pit, which is short but fun, and then off to Japan's battleship island to meet...possibly the most inconsistently motivated villain of all time.Silva's entrance is menacing, the story about the rats in the barrel is sinister, and he's flamboyant enough to say 'this guy creeps me out'. But he reveals nothing about his operation, and this is the start of where his motivation just dissolves.The first part of the movie is about an agent list and hurting MI6. We learn on the island that he was somehow hurt/betrayed by MI6 and that he wants to share his revenge with Bond, who also, in a very roundabout way, was also betrayed (said he was up to field service when he failed all the tests). Bond of course rejects this offer, and then after a brief fight, has an army come rescue him - because of a radio transmitter. Really? No one searched him before getting on the island? It was in his coat pocket! But OK, we're then learn that M gave Silva up to get some of her agents in return, which really upset Silva. So Silva breaks out of prison in one of the most ludicrous scenes imaginable, and this is where it all starts to go pear shaped.Silva reverse hacks MI6, and he wanted to get captured. Ultimately, he breaks out with armed guards surrounding him with no explanation how that happened. Then he goes through the tunnels of London...to arrive at a tube station with some handguns, and eventually crash a parliamentary meeting and shoot M in the face. But wait - he clearly had a bomb - he blew up a tube line. OK, he wanted her death to be up close and personal. Why not back at MI6? He clearly didn't need to be captured by MI6 to get to the station, and he'd proved earlier that he could hack their most secure networks and gain access. Why not walk right through the front door and put a bullet in her face? But then Bond saves the day and they go off to the Scottish highlands (a nod to Connery being a Scot) to hide/lay a trap. Except - MI6 knows where he's going. Why isn't there an army waiting for Silva when he gets there? Oh but wait, the motivation changes continue! During the house fight scene, Silva's henchmen (and there's NO explanation as to where these guys come from) shoot at M, even hitting her. So, she's either not supposed to be taken alive or Silva's men are idiots. But it gets better! Silva then shows up IN A HELICOPTER. Why? To blow up the house with a 20mm cannon! So, when Silva had ample opportunity to use a bomb, he didn't - he wanted her to know it was him who killed her. Now, he's spraying a house with cannon fire with no idea who or what he's shooting at. So now his motivation is he wants her dead at all costs. In that case, why not bring a few RPGs? or a missile? After all, they did just commandeer a MILITARY HELICOPTER! Of course, Bond survives the house being turned into swiss cheese, blows it up with two sticks of dynamite and compressed propane, and then runs off into the wilderness to save M - but before he does, he gets into one last night and plunges into FROZEN WATER, has a fight underwater for what seemed like a few minutes, then somehow gets out of the water, shrugs off hypothermia with again, NO EXPLANATION, to find Silva confronting M.By now, Silva wants M to help him commit suicide. WHAT? Since when did he have a death wish? Why? Cause he tried to kill himself when he was being tortured and it failed? What's his motivation? Didn't he just try to turn her into Ragu with a 20mm cannon not 10 minutes earlier? Now he wants to die by her hands? And we're supposed to believe this? No. Sorry, but I can only have my intelligence insulted so often. Bond surviving death multiple times with no explanation is insulting. Having Silva's motivation change THREE TIMES is insulting. Having MI6 look like the Keystone Cops is insulting. Foreshadowing EVERY SINGLE TWIST/ELEMENT is insulting. Please, if you don't want your intelligence insulted, DO NOT see this movie. This film effectively kills off the character we all know and love. The plot is shot full of holes, the villain a camp idiot, no Bond girls to speak of, unless sex slaves are your thing (truly vile of Craig not to have objected to that storyline), pointless and seriously unfunny dialogue, unriveting action scenes most of which we've seen done better elsewhere, and telegraphing of practically every prop placement. Oh, wait, there's more: an awful and forgettable Bond film song sung by that large, breathy lady who fudges the top notes and has merely rehashed Goldfinger. And a limp ending. To be fair I liked the opening credits (minus the song) and I thought Bérénice Marlohe acted well, and Ralph Fiennes enunciates well. The shots of London were OK and the skyscraper neon dazzled - even if the plot at that point fell apart faster than the shot glass. I wanted to like this film. I wanted to give the mumbling Craig one last chance, but he just isn't Bond, so what do they do? They write a blancmange Bond so Craig will fit right in. Meanwhile we are left holding ticket stubs asking what was THAT all about? It was about a lot of things that had nothing to do with our James. Almost everything that kept the franchise going for 50 years has been interfered or radically dispensed with on purpose! No gadgets, no credible Bond car (they destroy the iconic one - unsubtle flagging of what they are doing to our Bond?). Moneypenny is now black and totes a gun (I kid you not - how do they explain away her colour? But worse, she is (it's all so wrong!) attractive and (sob) beds Bond - words fail.) Dench's M is, as usual, flat and unconvincing but at least she's out of the next films - a good career move, one that Craig should take. Q is a horrible little boy you can't possibly believe a hacker even if you accept the stupidity of casting Q as one...and with big black glasses? Come on...Maybe Bond should always stay in the 60s, 70s. I mean you don't update Hercule Poirot and have him ponce about in the 21st century. I think they should just stop the Bond farce right now. It can and will only get worse. Agreed, this movie missed the mark....again! I just don't understand how you can screw up a Bond film, especially when you have 20+ others to go off of. This movie shouldn't even be called a Bond film...but instead, it's a Daniel Craig action film, absent the basic ingredient that has made the Bond Character an enormous franchise over the past 50 years..."An International Man of Mystery".If you can't walk out of a Bond film saying: Every man wants to be him, and every woman want to be with him...then take the Bond label off of the movie and call it something else! This film lacks all of the traditional ingredients that make Bond, 007: It doesn't have witty one liners, it barely had any Bond theme music or sound snippets, it doesn't depict 007 as a womanizer, it doesn't have any cool Super Spy Gadgets, and it doesn't even show the cold open animated graphic of 007 walking in to the screen (through the Gun Barrel of his enemy), turning, and shooting, etc, etc...Barbara Broccoli, I once watched an interview where you noted that you're father did not want the Bond Franchise sold to any of the big studios, in fear that they would change the successful recipe that made Bond such a successful over the past 50 years. Well...at this stage, after producing 3 Bond films in a row that resemble all of the other "Spy Want-a-be" movies out there, you might as well...because they couldn't possibly mess it up any more than you already have. I could go on and on, but this review is boring me almost as much as the movie did.1 Star! ...and that's being generous. What a shameless mess of a movie. I loved Casino Royal and was relieved that the Bondfranchise finally seemed to be getting it right again after the embarrassing Pierce Brosnan episode. Casino Royal was a good movie, it was dark, gritty - good acting, good solid action and the plot made sense. Quantum of Solace was not as good, but not bad. This one however is just painfully retarded. It revels in coincidental, stupendous and illogical twists and turns, there's just no sense to it. Just random pretentious bull. Bond should really have died in the first bit. And stayed dead. That would have saved the movie and been the honorable thing to do. Now they just made a disgrace of it all. I am deeply disappointed. Sam Mendes! What happened? American Beauty is one of my favorite movies of all time! How could you? I am sorry to say so, but shame on you! Daniel Craig? You revived 007, rising again like a Phoenix - back into the ashes it is. Talking about a fall from the sky. Javier Bardem - tu quoque? I have never seen Bardem act so badly. It was painful. Was this the same actor that made my blood turn cold in No Country for Old Men? This performance was not even worthy of being compared to the shadow of a fart of the character in that movie. NEVER will I watch a Bond movie again. It is beyond ruin and redemption now. SHAME ON YOU! The makers, that is, and the people who rate this up to over an 8. What is wrong with you people? Seriously. This contains spoilers.I have never before wrote a comment on IMDb.com. But after seeing the high rating of this complete insult of a classic character called James Bond i had to say something. Let me start by saying this movie have taken plots from like 10 different movies. Involving Bourne, Batman, Die Hard, Swordfish, Charlie's Angels Mission Impossible and more. Stolen agents list villains getting caught intentionally and a bunch of other stuff you seen in so many movies. Its Bond in a midlife crisis with everyone doubting him.The Bond chick dies rather quick and seems terrified of the bad guy in this movie. Why? who knows. Never really no explanation there is no explanation to the bad guy Silva at all. He is just a bad ass former agent from M's days in Hong Kong who she sold out and is know out to get M. He has these super hacking skills which are not explained neither. He is just hacking the hell out of MI6. And of course a very obvious Moneypenny made an entrance and she is black not that its a problem it's just that it screams affirmative action I'm half black by the way. Then you have a washed up Bond?? When was Bond ever washed up ever? Crying over M who gave the clearance to take a shot with Bonds life at stake she didn't seem to care very much. You have a young Q coming in and say we don't use gadgets no more. The gadgets are a part of James Bond it spiced the movies. The movie all trough was a disaster it was bad from beginning to end. This was even worse then Quantum Solace. You know i wouldn't have mind the bad plot if i had gotten some comic release or some proper James Bond moments. There were none. Where are the sarcastic comments the witty comebacks to women at cocktail parties?? James Bond is truly dead after this. i remember the golden ages of Connery and Moore. One scene when Bond was caught by a women i recall and, she went i got you now mister Bond, Connery responded well enjoy yourself. Comments like that made me love Bond. There was never no super effects or nasty close combats. He was a spy with a gun who dressed act and looked as a gentleman. Not like this brute who runs around beating people like a Van Damme movie is very emotional and don't seem to be very good with the women at all. Which makes me think why does he get these women?? And oh lets not forget running around half the movie with his shirt off. Don't know how many looking in the mirror without a shirt on scenes this movie had.Anyways i hope they stop making Bond or first get a new Bond and a better plot. I do love James Bond movies. As soon as the movie was released in Spain, I wanted to watch it. So, yesterday, after a light dinner with a friend, I went to the cinema. At first, I was extremely comfortable with the movie. A list of secret agents has fallen into the wrong hands, and Bond has to recover the list whatever the cost. M has her head on the line, so, she becomes ruthless and drives her agents into a coldblooded rampage of killing and destruction in order to get back the stolen list, including a very uncompassionate approach to her own agents if she believes they stand on the way to the mission's success. All starts with some scenes packed of good action in Turkey, where two MI6 agents pursue the bad guy, one of these agents being Bond. Finally, after a good chasing and some fights on top of a train, Bond is shot accidentally by the other agent (a pretty black woman) on M instructions, and Bond is considered missing in action, supposedly dead. Of Course, Bond is not dead, returns to duty after some colourful and self-destructive holydays in South America, where he drinks tequila shots with a scorpion on his hand(very nice scene), and is unleashed against the bad guys again, going to Shanghai to capture the mysterious bad guy who previously eluded capture in Turkey. We have some very good scenes of a shooting in a Chinese skyscraper, the appearance of a very beautiful Asian woman, a Macau prostitute, and some interesting moments in a strikingly beautiful and decadent Chinese casino with an arena full of Komodo Dragons and bad guys, which is great¡¡. Then, Bond sets sail with the beautiful Asian woman in a magnificent sailing yacht, and reaches an abandoned island where the bad guy (Javier Bardem) lives. The good part of the movie ends here. From now on, all loses credibility, does not stand scrutiny, and all is utterly ridiculous. A sensation of boredom invaded me and the rest of the audience. We do not hear any more about the list of agents, or any other tangible or meaningful plot. A bad guy with mommy issues for M, who feels betrayed by her just appears out of the blue, and all he wants is personal revenge. A bad guy with mommy issues is just unfit for a James Bond movie. We wanted to see a bad guy full of plans to control or destroy the world, with some intelligent design that Bond will try to thwart desperately in the last minute. However, we are just given a poor chap who calls M "Mom" (I nearly jumped from my seat and puked when I heard this¡¡¡¡), suffers from Oedipus complex and feels betrayed, engaging in a sort of vengeful killing spree. From this moment the movie rapidly decays into unbearable nonsense, and feels almost like an insult. The end is just so bad¡¡¡¡ Basically Bond takes mommy (see M) to his ancestral home in Scotland in order to kill the bad guy with old hunting rifles. The Bad guy arrives with a bunch of thugs and a helicopter, torches the house, and then Bond kills the bad guy with a knife without fighting, M dies, and the movie ends. In order to compensate the very poor script and ending, a new M and a new Money Penny are given to us, setting the atmosphere for the next movie. Casino Royale was very good. Quantum of Solace was not so good. Skyfall is very bad. The decreasing quality of this franchise is evident. It does not work anymore and a new formula is desperately needed. The only good point is that we have got possibilities of a new and fresh start for the series; we have a new Money Penny (The Pretty Black Woman who accidentally shot Bond), and a new M (Ralph Fiennes, who could make a good M). So, I hope they make something sensible and good next time. This movie was the end of a cycle for the Daniel Craig-Judi Dench franchise. A new approach and new ideas must be developed, and we all want back the true James Bond, and not the big BS they gave us this time. Major spoilers ahead.I am writing my first review here as a kind of therapy hoping that I can put my suffering from seeing this film to bed.For the record, I thought this movie was well filmed and aesthetically very appealing. Several scenes were great on a stand-alone basis. And I have really liked other Bond movies, e.g. Casino Royale.But this one... I felt I was being treated as an idiot watching it. Just a few examples of what disturbed me:1. Nice of Patrice to delay his escape in Istanbul so as to perfectly time Bond's exit from the house2. Please confirm those were sea mermaids saving Bond in Turkey after he with two gun wounds in his upper body lifelessly fell towards the bottom of a lake3. Whoever came up with the party trick of drinking scotch with a scorpion on the hand should be invited to my next party.4. A badass hacker blowing up MI6 remotely by somehow fiddling with the utilities? Can he make me breakfast too, through the internet?4. Cool to be one of the three guys in the world using some kind of uranium bullets in your handgun. And eh, a totally credible means of plot-wise somehow connecting Bond with the bad guys5. Cooler still to have Bond meet Q at an arts museum, staring at a painting (Turner?) to allow for some heavy symbolism about an old ship doing its last trip while a kid in his 20s tells Bond about how things are done nowadays. Was this new vs. old symbolism supposed to be a theme of the movie?5. Compliments to the CIA who knows everything about a notorious assassin including where he will be in two days and his flight number.6. Patrice going through security at a commercial flight bound for Shanghai with enough guns to take out a city. 7. In Macau, some proper fighting and a human-eating-animal species not seen since the jurassic age is just another day at the casino8. Did the people who used to live at Silva's island have to tear down the place before they left it? Looked like it had been a nuclear war9. Wow, that rat speech by Silva at the island really did the job of portraying him as a real complex Bond villain10. The hacking scene at basement where MI6 hangs out - anyone surprised that Bond made some sense out of the web of numbers? Looked like the matrix to me. Impressive by the way that the guy let himself out of the glass cage and managed to kill the guards, but maybe he hacked himself a gun out of the wifi net11. Btw, we really needed that scene with Silva's distorted face because he seemed far too normal up until that point.12. If you counted how many men were walking up to the Bond's old house ahead of that eternally long shooting scene, and then counted how many were killed by Bond and his entourage, how big a difference would you get?13. Following the first round of thugs having been taken care of, I was surprised to see Silva among the second round in the chopper. I thought he would come later in a F-20 figher jet playing Mozart and shooting missiles while insisting on M being kept alive14. Yep, always use a flash light when you run away from bad guys in the darknessI could go on but my suffering is gone :) Don't watch the movie unless you too will want to waste half an hour on therapy! I love Bond movies. But this was the worst Bond Movie, There are so many things wrong with this movie. Most of the elements of a good Bond movie aren't there. There is nothing in this movie what is expected from a bond movie. No new gadgets, No story ( List of agents for a bond movie and what happened to that list after half way through the movie?) . The climax ( I was thinking am I watching a bond movie or in a wrong cinema ) feels cheap and conventional. They must have run out of money for the second half. Such a stupid idea to bring M to that run down Scottish house. With the home made defenses and geriatric defenders. This movie may be numerically a box office success but leaves behind a 50 years legacy in shreds. This is by far the absolute worst Bond movie I have ever seen. There is no plot, there are no emotions to be invoked in the viewer (I couldn't feel for any of the characters, not even when M died in the end), there is no main theme - everything just seems to be randomly put together I really wonder how could critic give any rating to this movie. Total waste of Time I think what I hate most about this insult to the Bond franchise, is the critics bull-crap about this being the best Boind movie ever. Have all critics been paid off by the Bond people to write such positive reviews?I cannot find a single negative review of Skyfall written by a professional movie-critic anywhere online. It's either that or that the critics are to spineless to say anything bad about this atrocity of a movie.This is NOT Bond!! It's depressing, ugly looking, ugly shot, Daniel Craig looks too old for the part.There are no Bond-babes, no exotic locations, no gadgets, no jokes, the villain is pathetic, there are major plot-holes. The same can be said about The Dark Knight rises, which Sam Mendes was inspired by.How about being original for a change? These days all movies have to look a like.Only good thing about the movie: M dies!! Daniel Craig has ruined Bond. Fire that grumpy old-looking ugly guy whose face and nasty blue eyes is best for villain parts anyway and find a 30 year old dark haired good-looking guy who can play Bond the way Bond should be played. Felt compelled to sign up and write this like others as this movie just does not do what it says on the tin. All the critics reviews pointed to this film being fantastic the best Bond ever.Well its not ! Far from it i don't know if other movie watchers are saying its good because the critics say its wonderful so it must be good isn't it ? This is not a Bond movie its not even a good action/drama movie.I've heard the reviews for Taken 2 it sounds awful but i think i might go and see it the critics have got this so wrong. Skyfall has a poor script and plot that is sidelined half way through the film.No gadgets no bond girls no exotic locations the whole film looked like it was shot in SD quality it was so grey and murky. This was the first Bond movie I've seen at the Cinema since Thunderball (yes that years ago) i usually watch movies on DVD/bluray but felt because of all the hype that Skyfall would be worth going to see. Well its not save your money and wait till its on TV at least you can record it and FF the boring parts. Where do I start, Well I am a huge bond fan and I really found this movie to be a crap to my face and the franchise. the Craig movies in general were made as reboots as an answer to beat out the Bourne Identity movies which were beating bond in the box office. I am not a huge fan of Craig's bond movies but i don't mind Craig. The movies are just too far from what i loved about the bond movies. Going this pseudo realistic route is just outright stupid.Anyway let's review this crap. The actors themselves are great in the movie. All of them are fine actors who are doing their job. The story itself is horrible and for what it is, poorly executed . Bond isn't saving the world in this, just trying to protect M. Let's talk about Q. I actually didn't mind him. As much as i thought i would hate a young Q he worked as a character. until they decided to render him useless. Q gives bond 2 gadgets 1 being a gun that is attached to his DNA and only he can use(comes in use once). 2 being a small button that transmits his position if hes in trouble(this is not a gadget that is new). This is IT! Bond asks "that's it" and Q replies and i swear this is the worst thing said in the movie and i almost left because of it "What did you expect, an exploding pen? We don't do that sort of stuff anymore" That basically mocked Goldeneye (My favorite bond movie)the gadget used in a great scene in the movie. I felt as if they were mocking the fans who wanted gadgets. Q then says please don't break it 007. Keep in mind Q just met bond. How does he know bond is usually breaking gadgets. I did like how Q is now able to talk to bond during missions. that i thought was a good addition.They also introduce the car from the first 007 movie "Dr. No". But it doesn't fit in the time line as that car is fitted with the gadgets used in that movie. The movie took place in the 60's that could put bond to be around 80 years old since the new movie takes place in present day. He does win a similar car with casino Royal i believe but there is no way he outfitted it for use because there was now Q lab during these new movies. The villain played by Javier Bardem is a decent bad guy but he is totally a rewritten "006" from Goldeneye. He has almost the same reason for being bad. problem with his character is he was introduced way too late into the movie and get's almost no screen time. You never really get "him" as a character. You don't fully understand him. He's just thrown in their and has a couple clever lines and then dies.(very anticlimactically)Anyway they decided to keep the bond tradition and give the villain some kind of scar. But it was done with Horrible CGI.I am not a fan of CGI I feel that it is lazy, ugly and really distracting to a movie. If you are going to go with effects, use practical effects. Anyway this whole section has to do with the action and horrible CGI. From falling people to Komodo dragons to Helicopters. For a movie that is trying to be realistic, having a komodo dragon come out (looking like it is straight out of a video game) and eat a thug that was fighting bond is just the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen. It was seriously the ugliest CGI used through t the movie. There was also an intro scene with a motorcycle chase i have to point out, that had the worst Green screen when the camera would show bond riding the bike. It looked awful. Also who ever thought silhouette shots looked cool is an idiot especially overused ones.There's another scene where bond goes to his old house...yes i said his old house. They did it they tried delving into more of his back story to make is feel for his character and humanize him more. I cannot stand this. I loved that most of his past was a mystery. this adds so much more to your own imagination. Well that's killed instantly as they tell you his parents names and a bunch more i did not want to hear. Anyway they use this house for what I like to call the "Home Alone" scene and the WORST scene in the movie. Bond who is known for taking out hordes of people on his own is subjected to hiding and planting traps to kill about 9 people. It was ridiculous and so hard to watch.That scene leads onto another scene where bond chases the villain but then a thug and bond drop into the ice (where realistic bond should have hypothermia or frozen to death) and then leads to another scene in a church where M dies and you are suppose to feel bad but you just don't. Because the movie spoke about her being replaced anyway. So in any shape or form she wouldn't be in the next movie. anyway the villain dies with a knife throw to the back and he's done. like i said, anticlimactically.After This movie I can tell you I don't want to see another new bond movie unless they go back to their roots. Maybe if they get Christopher Nolan considering he really wants to make one and he understands what bond should be. Also he doesn't use CGI.I give this "5 Moonrakers out of 5" just kidding 1/10 stars. Enjoy giving them money and making them realize this is what sells. I went into the theater with such high expectations & when I left I was disgusted with the film. Yes, it is an okay action movie but it is NOT a 007 film. The last two movies have been bad but this one is so much worse. If your a true bond fan you will more than likely be disappointed with this film. It holds no elements of a Bond film. It's missing all the KEY elements that all the other Bond films have, like the other reviews have posted, there are no gadgets, no girls, no plot, no humor.They bring in a young Q & he issues James his gun & a radio transmitter & then has the nerve to make fun of gadgets & says that they have done away with gadgets. I thought he was joking! How can it be a Bond film without at least one gadget?! Throughout the film I kept thinking, "They would never do this in a real Bond Film or That would never happen in a 007 movie!" The girl? Where is the girl, where is the romance? They spend 5 minutes on a girl then she gets shot in the head & he does nothing about it, doesn't even blink an eye. The ending, since when does the villain get what he wants? The villain wanted M dead & that is what he got. Bond didn't save the day.This film is just sad. I really keep hoping that the next film will be a real 007 movie but they keep messing it up so badly. The film critics that gave this film good reviews should be ashamed of themselves. I have come to the conclusion that Bond is DEAD, they will never make another good film. This is one of the weakest storyline. Why did the criminal go through all the trouble, create all the havoc, if all he wanted to do was to kill M? I mean couldn't he just enter USA and kill her?If all he the havoc he created was to enter USA then I really doubt his capabilities as a computer hacker, because what kind of a hacker would someone be, who can't modify his records?Overall, a very weak plot with no suspense and just random useless action with very big holes in the storyline. I don't understand why people like this movie. May be I am missing something but oh well, I gave it 1 because I couldn't go any lower. So, this was it then, supposedly the greatest Bond film of them all... what a disappointment it was. It was the worst film I've seen since Inception and quite frankly that's saying something (in the time betwixt them I have watched The Room, Birdemic and Highschool Musical. So what was wrong with it then? let me show you... First off the opening scene which on paper must have read like one of Archer's wet dreams but on screen seemed far too contrived for my liking. Car chase, to bike chase over the rooftops, to train top confrontation. It was simply too much thrown at the audience in too short a space of time, even Michael Bay would have felt ashamed for it. Then after the insultingly gratuitous action that theme music by the risible Adelle where she never seems to be able to find the right notes to conclude her melody. Oh well, surely it'll pick up a bit now though you must be thinking? Well, don't get your hopes up! Next we discover some lack of originality as someone not fit for duty is called into service (anyone remember The Avengers earlier this year?) and a gun that only fires for Bond (the lawgiver from Dredd, also out earlier this year?)... anyway, the fun doesn't stop there as there's a wonderful scene where Bond fights an assassin in Japan with some digitally projected jellyfish in the background that were much more interesting than the fight itself, probably included as by then the director had realised how weak all of the plot fluffing was... Anyways, following on from the scene with the jumping on a poorly rendered CGI kommodo dragon (which was this movie's attempt at the Indy fridge scene) we eventually get to meet the villain. Sadly this scene is so filled with inappropriately forced innuendo that it really detracted from the meaningless rat story and the unrealistically stealthy helicopters but never mind. The scene in the London Underground looked like it might actually turn out OK until they removed the signs from the escalators that prevent you from sliding down them for the sake of making it more unrealistic I suppose. Unsure of how to make the scene worse the director simply drops a train on top of Bond. Maybe the director thought Die Hard 4 was a work of art? Whatever the reason I eventually sat through enough to be at the end where the bad guy rocks up in a helicopter blaring music, much reminding me of a certain Nam flick and also... The Avengers (out earlier this year). Sigh. Then finally the big climax, the payoff for the whole 2+ hours of my life that I'm never going to get back again - a quick unspectacular knife in the back and Bond gets to keep a cheap bulldog toy. Whooo. I am never going to watch another new Bond film again, this was enough to kill the whole franchise for me. I would have thought that for around $200m you could make a better film than that but it seems that I was wrong and Tommy Wiseau's farce that was The Room seems increasingly like $6m well spent... Okay, since I've watched all of the Bond movies to date, I didn't want to miss this one either, especially since many critics gave it a high score rating. Well, this is the absolute last time I've listened to those sellouts.Where should I begin? The opening theme performed by Adele is irritating. The tune makes my head crack. And what's up with the lyrics? "Let the sky fall, when it crumbles, we will stand tall, face it all together" - really, Adele? Couldn't you have found even cheesier lyrics?Then there's the plot. What plot, you may ask? Exactly. There is no story. We're introduced by Naomi shooting Bond who then falls motionless into the water and is carried by the water down stream. The bad guy who Bond was fighting and who carries a list of undercover agents escapes (did Naomi only have 1 friggin bullet in a semi-auto gun?? Apparently yes...). Regardless, Bond somehow survives (we don't know how, the story never reveals that mystery) and once he learns that the MI6 building has been under attack, he returns to England to resume his agent duty. He is then led to Silva (the bad guy) who appears to be a hacking genius and can change the stock prices or detonate a building just by pressing a button on a keyboard. Well, if he's such a criminal mastermind who literally controls the entire world with only his keyboard and mouse, then why the fudge does he go on a head-to-head combat with Bond in the end?? Someone please explain this to me as I seriously don't see any logical points in this.Also, the "plot" begins with a list being stolen and is dominated by hacking geniuses such as Silva and Q throughout the film. However, in the end, we have no idea whether the list was recovered or not, we have no idea what happened to Q or his computer-whiz associates - it's as if these things never really existed. Also, somewhere at the climax of the "plot" we are introduced to a character named Kincade who is supposed to be Scottish. Where's the Scottish accent then...?Thirdly, the amount of foreshadowing this movie contains is just hilarious. For example, Bond gets a gun from Q who tells him the gun can only be used by Bond because of DNA sensors of some sorts. Yes, you guessed it, there is then a scene in the movie when the bad guy has a clear shot of Bond with his own gun. Of course it doesn't fire and the bad guy is dragged by a giant lizard-like creature into the shadows and killed. Another foreshadowing is when Kincade displays all of the available guns to Bond and says that if he should run out of bullets, there's always the trusty knife. Well, here's a $1000 question for you - guess who this exact same knife kills in the end...?This is by far the absolute worst Bond movie I have ever seen. There is no plot, there are no emotions to be invoked in the viewer (I couldn't feel for any of the characters, not even when M died in the end), there is no main theme - everything just seems to be randomly put together. And with a budget of 150 million dollars, what else can you expect....? I am both a Bond fan and an aspiring writer. If I watch a movie it needs to look good, have an exciting story line and well-developed characters. I have never reviewed on here before but felt a need to counter all the people that have been totally drawn in by the endless advertisement and flashy selling techniques that are what this movie depends on. Hollywood movies spend 200 million on equipment,cameramen, editors, impressive locations, big explosions and a director who, when asked in the interview for the job "what do you think about much loved Bond movies that are adored around the globe?" likely answered "they're rubbish".Why is so much money available for all this but the writing seems to have been done by a few guys thankful to be given 3 meals a day to keep going?A lot of reviews on here have already been through the huge list of plot flaws, far more than you would normally expect in a big budget movie. But to add to that how many distractions do you need from following the story line? Its not enough that you can't turn around for an advertisement for months before the release but then during the movie you can't help but notice a Daniel Craig in the peak of physical fitness drinking Heineken.And on the subject of Daniel Craig I don't think he's a bad actor but how many times do you need his top off? Not being sexist. Fair is fair Bond films normally have lots of flesh in so why not something for the ladies? But this just gets distracting. He's staring in the mirror with his top off, then he's sitting in bed with stubble, drinking Heineken, with his top off; then there's a lengthy shot panning up a sparkly looking building to a private swimming pool where he sits with water dripping off him, with his top off for a good 30 seconds not doing anything; then Moneypenny is treating his wounds with his top off while he tries some clumsy flirting. Oh. . . did I mention a long solemn stare in the mirror? With his top off? Characterization. Are you writing for a bloody soap? (trying not to swear). The bad guy: "oh, i'm gay and making jokes", "now i'm angry at M" , "Now i'm depressed because I took my teeth out", "now i'm manically laughing", "now i'm running away underground and don't really have a personality", "now i'm angry for the rest of the movie and have forgotten the characteristics I was given in my opening scene". I was just waiting for them to discover that M was actually his mum who he had sex with and James Bond is his incest created son. The acting was good but the way his character was written would have worked in a soap.Moneypenny was obvious and clearly there just so the writers could think they had been clever in 'keeping her secret' till the end even though it was obvious after a couple scenes. The Bond girl was an afterthought to try and keep a male audience as was obvious by killing her 20 mins after introducing her. We live in Britain, not just England, Hollywood has never done America any favors when it comes to being viewed as ignorant by everyone else. All in all a somewhat clumsy attempt to make a general action film, only using the name of bond to generate more money. Until Skyfall, Daniel Craig, as James Bond, was an inspired characterization. In the earlier two Craig/Bond movies we had a glimpse of the inner Bond, along with a manly grittiness which lent a degree of realism to the character.In Skyfall, Bond is barely recognizable as our hero. Indeed, his appearance is that of an aged alcoholic. He reeks of weakness and his incompetence is manifest. He undergoes testing to confirm his mastery of the tools of his trade--and fails utterly. He cannot even hit a man-size target with a handgun at 20-30 feet.The best that can be said of Skyfall is that the first half of the movie was reasonably interesting. The remainder was boring and unforgivably predictable.My girlfriend observed that it was as if the director loathed the James Bond character. Consistently, Craig/Bond was shown in the worst possible light: His clothes were ill-fitting and from a bygone age; he was weepy, unsure of himself, and a physical wreck. His visage was of one who had recently spent long masturbatory hours at a peep show.Finally, even in a Bond movie, it is an unacceptable assault on our credulity for our hero to be wounded by one round to the shoulder, another round to the body from a high velocity rifle, take an uncontrolled fall for a couple of hundred meters into water--and survive. This is by far the most BORING movie I've ever seen. Boring awful lead, lame villain, makes no sense what so ever. Did not feel like a bond movie at ALL. He died then hes back? What?? Felt cheap with underwhelming action and horrendous acting. I felt tired watching this movie. Even the ending was LAMEEEEE. I tried to be engaged but i had NO idea what was happening. Why is everyone calling the older women mother? Why any of this? The entire movie has millions of plot holes and made NOOO sense. Do not waste your time on this movie unless you need something to put you to sleep. My first reaction after watching the movie was "Wow, was this really the new Bond?". I'm a huge JB fan, but this one's so bad on so many levels that I don't even know where to start with my critical remarks. A lot of discussion has been going on lately about the direction in which the Bond series was moving, and I could forgive the screenwriters for turning one of my favorite heroes into a pathetic drunkard who badly needs target practice. But the problem is that the whole plot in Skyfall is so absurd and inconsistent that the story looks more like a parody of JB. At the beginning we learn that a list of secret agents has been stolen and MI6 has to get it back at all costs. But at some point this thread is simply discontinued - and there's no mention of the missing agent list whatsoever! Oh well, who cares. Now we have to deal with some maniacal ex-00 agent with a bad hairdo and a grudge against M. He's the uber villain, super hacker, criminal mastermind and obviously wants revenge, but because the movie must be about 2,5 h long, he obviously doesn't want M. dead too early. Otherwise he could have just blown up the MI6 headquarters with her inside or he could have broken into her apartment (if Bond can do it, why not the uber-villain?) and shot her in the head. And even when he's so close to killing her during the session with the politicians, he simply walks away because, what, there's some white smoke in the room (?). Earlier, his plan was apparently to get captured by MI6, but again, what was the point? To have a little chit-chat with M. and show her his denture? But there's too many illogical points to mention them all. One of the funniest scenes is when Bond strangles one of Silva's henchmen in the pond. Nothing wrong with that, except they were both under water, so what's the point if the guy already couldn't breathe... The whole plot was truly preposterous and that's why I was hugely disappointed with the latest Bond. What a waste of time. Recommended only if you can turn off thinking for more than 2 hours. I watched this film on the opening night, and I was extremely perplexed walking out. The first thing that puzzled me was how on earth the film got away with a PG rating. I figured it this way. It was trying to be a kids adventure film, but was so poor that it needed to compensate through over the top violence and horror. So my puzzlement was how on earth Lucas and Spielberg managed to bend the arms of the censors to get their PG rating, which allowed them to keep on marketing the film as children’s fare. And the other thing that puzzled me was that the movie was over before it had even started. I hadn’t noticed a story starting anywhere, so I was wondering how the movie could have finished. In other words, there was no film, just a blaze of action, and then suddenly the lights coming on. I heard someone comment on the way out, “I’ve never seen anything like that before.” I don’t know if she meant it in the same way as I did, but it was exactly my sentiment. I had never seen anything like that before! A film that’s not a film at all! Just an excuse to put one action sequence after another. In fact, the censors should have banned the film on account of its having no story. How could Lucas and Spielberg get away with this?! The overall impression I got was that there’s something very rotten going on in the film world now.The above response was instantaneous, and it was before all the legend around this film had grown up. I didn’t think the film was going to be a hit. In fact, I thought it was going to fall flat on its face. But the film went on to break box-office records everywhere, and after the legend had cemented, I started to have different feelings. I reasoned that I may have missed something the first time, and after reading the umpteenth glowing review the film began to look better in my memory. However a recent viewing helped to dispel all these false notions. It must be stated out and out. This film is bad!!! There’s nothing more to be said about it, but there’s a lot to be said about the audience. I think it’s high time that we said a few things about the “movie brats” and the popular appeal that they court. The thing started proper with Star Wars in 1977, and this is where the Raiders phenomenon begins really. Star Wars is an equally bad movie, but it had a few things going for it. It was presented as a myth, or fairy tale, for the modern age, and it worked too. Three reasons for this. One, the groundbreaking special effects gave it an epic quality, exactly in keeping with the space mythology being presented. Two, the Hollywood narrative was totally disbanded, giving way for an episodic structure. This helped the myth-making, because without a narrative drive people could read whatever they liked into the movie. And three, the notion of an omnipotent “force”, with both a good and dark side, captured the imagination of a world moving towards “new ageism”. So, Star Wars started it all, and the “new age” of the Hollywood blockbuster had begun. These films don’t rely on the traditional virtues of film anymore. Their aim is no wow audiences with something else, more specifically, the expensive, special effects laden set piece. They cater to the New Age mindset of “me me me”. People don’t go to the watch the stories of other people anymore. They go to participate in the megalomania of the filmmakers who were making inflated films with inflated budgets and inflated subjects. It was the “me me me” for the filmmakers, and the vicarious “me me me” for the viewers. In short, the pornography of self worth. And Raiders is only another early landmark in this trend.Lucas and Spielberg claim to be reviving the B movie adventure serials of the thirties, but there is something horribly ingenuous here. B movies are cheaply done, purely escapist, and never meant to draw attention to themselves. A film like Raiders does nothing but draw attention to itself. It’s only an excuse to use the episodic structure, so that one set-piece can be followed by another without worrying about character or plot. But all this doesn’t explain why Raiders became so popular. I guess the secret lies in the hero – Indiana Jones. When Star Wars kicked off the whole thing, there was an epic but no hero. Luke Skywalker is in no sense a hero. Only Hans Solo has a semblance of heroic about him, but was much too roguish. I guess the original idea was to get Harrison Ford a new vehicle so that he could be a braver and less cynical Hans Solo. So that’s my theory. Raiders is only a continuation of Star Wars, supplying the hero which the first film sorely lacked. So Indiana Jones comes along, and the definitive American hero for the “new age” is born. He is up to his neck in Hollywood excess and that’s all that matters.So don’t be fooled by all these reviews here that praise this film to the skies, calling it escapist fun. There may have been some thrills for the audience back in 1981, but most of the excitement was from the audacity of breaking with tradition, ignoring story and engagement with the characters, concentrating on spectacle and excess, and participating in an experience of concerted megalomania. After Star Wars, this film really cemented the ground for Hollywood excess. Most of the people here are not judging the film itself. When people say that Star Wars is good, I think they are in their New Age pious mood. The same sort of thing when they say that Raiders is good. The only reason I watched this movie is because its high rating and it is supposed to be classic. This movie is so bad I had to watch this film because of a film arts class that I am in. I've heard so much about this movie, and I expected it to be fantastic. People said things like "SETS A NEW BAR!", "WILL KEEP YOU ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT!" and even "BEST FILM EVER MADE!". I was genuinely disappointed after watching this film. It was just a bunch of mindless explosions and chase scenes. However,I understand that a great deal of people do in fact enjoy watching this kind of film and that I should have expected this kind let down from an action film. Although,on the same note, I expected it to have more substance. I probably would have appreciated it more if it had maybe, oh, I don't know, a real plot or story of some kind. The insignificant story line it did have was so hard to follow anyways because of all the explosions,crashing and fighting. It could have been so much better. Ever since I became a movie fan, my taste for dazzling action has been cultivated by movies from the late 1990s up to the present, such as The Matrix Trilogy, Spider-Man, X-Men, Blade, and the awesome Underworld franchise. Having been used to these movies, my standard is high. If something looks fake, I will think of what Sir Ridley Scott said about fake scenes, "I don't f..king believe it!"Today, I finally finished watching the so-called classic, the first instalment of the Indiana Jones franchise. It almost put me to sleep twice. The story is slow-paced, but the problem is the movie never picks up the pace. It drags on and on. The opening scene in the cave with the spiders were interesting. And that's it. Gradually, I began sleep-watching. The movie never engages. There was never a moment when the protagonist was in grave danger. Yeah, he got trapped in a tomb. Whatever... When I woke up, I was not surprised to see that he had managed to get himself out. The movie was that predictable.Do not think that I cannot appreciate old movies. I like the 1979 timeless classic, ALIEN. That movie does not look dated at all, even seen today, due to the way it was shot.Raiders of the Lost Ark is god awful. It looks dated. So is Star Wars (1977). I'm really surprised that this movie is in top 250 of IMDb! I can't understand why this movie is so much attractive for people?! we have many adventure movies that definitely they are better that this!
I think just because of the name of director this junk movie paid attention...!!
Don't waste your time on this absurd movie...
this is just suitable for infants! This is it, folks, it doesn't get any better than this. You know the plot, you know the music, but trust me- this is the one to see. Harrison Ford at his peak, Karen Allen is perfect (why in the world did Spielberg not use her again? She was far superior to the whiny Kate Capshaw) and every supporting actor is spot on. This is the one that started it all, for better or for worse. I'm of the school that thinks the sequels were inferior retreads, but that's neither here nor there- this is a great movie and you should see it already! In 2021. Don't care if it was considered good 40 years ago but everything in this movie is just the worst. And if I had watched this 40 years ago I don't think my comment would change. If adventure has a name...it must be Indiana Jones. That line says it right there. The contrast between this movie and all of the heros before it was that Indy was human. He gets hurt, unlike his predecessor James Bond. With whip and revolver in hand, Indiana was an exotic hero. Indy was sofisticated (a college professor), he was handsome and adventurous. Harrison Ford was liked by all audiences, women found him attractive, men found him daring. Qualities found in Brittish spy, James Bond. Most people know now that Steven Spielberg was denied the directors position for a 007 film. He teamed up with George Lucas to make an American hero- Indiana Jones. There are many parallels between the two characters, but I'm not going to get into that. Another thing that made Raiders great was the plot itself. An archeologist travels around the world to find the Ark of the Covenant- the ark that contained the 10 Commandments and was said to have special powers. Indy gets entangled with a rival French archeologist who is working with the Nazis. An amazing story which keeps you on the edge of your seat for the entire time. What keeps you there is not just the plot or action sequences, it is also the score by John Williams. Some of the best soundtracks are from John Williams (Jaws, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Superman). This adrenaline-pumping score of the Raiders March makes you wish you had a theme song everytime you walked into a room. This is a great movie, it should be seen by anyone who enjoys a good adventure. Although I've seen "Raiders of the Lost Ark" several times, my boyfriend made me gain a new enthusiasm for it. It's really a fantastic movie that has to be seen by everyone. And it's the kind of movie that you appreciate more every time you see it. I think it's one of Steven Spielberg's greatest movies, and one of Harrison Ford's most memorable roles. I definitely recommend this movie, so go out and see it if you never have, and watch it again if you have. I have never bothered to post a review before for any film. But I feel that I must to point out the nonsense of film reviewers these days. I see the critics post as must see, film of the year, et, etc. This was billed as a film with fantastic sound. I found the continuous droning noise whose pitch increased during the film to what I hoped would be a fantastic climax, but I the drone included what sounded like whale noises and more boring droning noises with occasional sounds of gun fire. I was bored after 15 minutes, the ridiculous story of the kid in the fishing boat, the original bit about the spitfire pilots and the nonsense of the soldiers taking cover in the boat.....absolute shallow lazy boring rubbish filming. If they added a decent music score it may have kept me interested. This film does not show it as it was its just absolute cap and does not come across as a powerful film at all. A waste of money. Yes, awful. How can anyone honestly give this film a positive recommendation? It is so amateurish. Whoever wrote the screenplay forgot the story. What story is it! It's not about Dunkirk, the famous WWII evacuation of British troops from France. What about the French troops? The British commander says to hell with them. Two cowards are the focus of the story. They will do anything to get out ahead of everyone else who are patiently waiting, keeping order, and waiting their turn. One other is picked up by a civilian boat on its way to rescue troops at Dunkirk, and he fights the crew to not go back. He kills one of them. Great story? I figure they used 5 planes to make the entire film: three RAF fighters, one German fighter, and one German bomber, all classic planes. Why I say this is b/c they only show three RAF fighters in one scene, and then it's always a one-on-one with all the other scenes. The special effects are from the 1950's. I think they did a better job in Wings, 1927. Also, it's hard to figure out what they are saying. I missed half the dialogue, but I didn't miss much b/c it's so worthless a film. It's aimless, boring, pathetic, and cheap. There is nothing epic about this film. It's a sad joke. What a waste of my money. It's one of the most over-rated films of all time. Ever since the end of the second world war, the phrase 'Dunkirk spirit' has been used in Britain to describe courage and solidarity in times of adversity. However, this film chooses to focus on a young soldier who tries every underhand trick he can think of to get on board the rescue vessels ahead of everyone else. Where's the bravery or self sacrifice in that? Instead of identifying with this "hero" I became increasingly angry with him and had nothing but contempt for his actions. Why not push in front of everyone else by pretending to be a medic? Why not pretend to be a survivor from a ship that's just been bombed and sunk? Not only do you get priority access to the next rescue boat but you get a hot drink, food and warmth before your comrades left behind on the beach. I was actually happy that every escape attempt failed for this character.It wouldn't be so bad if there was some dialogue to help us identify with Tommy's fears or motivation but the first part of the film is played out in almost mute silence. A group of soldiers walk through Dunkirk without any conversation or discussion of their situation. Thousands of soldiers stand on the beach waiting for rescue with no-one apparently talking to each other. I'm sorry but this is just unrealistic. But then it's equally unrealistic for Tommy and his comrades to have walked through a clean and rather modern looking town of Dunkirk where there is no damage to any of the buildings, despite the fact that the enemy (don't mention the Germans) are attacking the place. Freshly swept roads, clean windows and picture perfect sandbags for the French army to hide behind - surely the filmmakers could have built a decent set to depict a war damaged section of town?Christopher Nolan has said that he wanted to avoid CGI in this film and opt instead for a realistic approach. Okay, CGI has become all pervasive in modern films (and some of it is downright cheesy) but there's surely no reason why it couldn't have been used in this film to create the illusion of more soldiers on the beach or extra boats out at sea. Trying to depict such a large scale and epic event as Dunkirk in a realistic and authentic way is virtually impossible without using some CGI.The cinematic device of three different story lines being told on three separate timescales just doesn't work in this movie. The constant jumping back and forth between the different threads leads to some jarring continuity effects. One minute the sky is overcast, the next it's clear and sunny. One moment it's nighttime, the next it's daytime. It's a shocking mess.Halfway through the movie I found myself shifting around in my seat feeling increasingly irritated and it wasn't just the misadventures of our "hero". I realised it was the background music causing my discomfort; a relentless, monotonous assault on the ears. War might be hell but this soundtrack isn't far behind. When the small boats arrive at Dunkirk, a stirring rendition of 'Nimrod' from Elgar's 'Enigma' variations is played, albeit played at quarter speed. Is this really counted as being an original music score as stated in the credits? Sadly the answer appears to be yes because Elgar's music is no longer under copyright protection. The fact that somebody got credit for writing this particular section of "original" music is absolutely shameful.The clichés: when Tom Hardy's pilot has a problem with his fuel gauge and has to start making manual calculations on what fuel he has left, what are the chances that he will actually run out of fuel before the film ends? Well knock me down with a feather! He's run out of fuel. Gosh, I never saw that plot twist comingThe young boy who jumps on the small boat at the last moment as it leaves England, not realising (in his naivety) that it could be a dangerous journey. What are the chances of him being badly injured or even dying? Oh look he's dead. Surprised? Well only by the manner of his death and the lack of concern from the skipper of the boat when told of what's happened.What are the chances that our brave Spitfire pilot (who's just ditched in the sea) is going to be rescued from drowning at the very last second as the water laps over his head? What a cliffhanger! Our small boat gets there in the nick of time to save the day! On the edge of my seat and holding my breath with excitement? Er, no.Then we have that ridiculous ending. After shooting down an enemy plane (don't mention the Germans) Tom Hardy runs out of fuel. In an outstanding display of flying skills, our pilot extraordinaire not only manages to glide his Spitfire up and down the beach a couple of times but shoots down a Stuka bomber in the process before making a picture perfect landing on the beach as the sun sets. Why bother landing on the beach? He could have flown back to England in time for tea and tiffin. As the sun goes down he destroys his aircraft so the enemy (please don't mention the Germans) can't get their hands on it. Quite frankly a crash landing would have been much more entertaining and an appropriate epitaph for this sorry farrago of a movie.Verdict? This film is a turkey. Crow the critics are about Nolan's latest, "Dunkirk." A stunning masterpiece say many. Masterpiece my ass.Snookered by the hype and war film fandom, ducats were placed on counter, a ticket for admission passed back. Lights dimmed, anticipation mounted, and... nothing. Nothing. Save lurching between disparate, battle set pieces featuring people for whom little or no empathy exists. Lacking investment in the characters, what remains are merely adequate, bloodless war scenes easily outgunned by the recent "Fury" and, farther back, "Saving Private Ryan." For example, a young boy is killed but we know nothing of him, nothing of his motivation for climbing aboard a civilian, Dunkirk-bound boat at the last minute. We feel nothing for him because he's simply a cardboard cutout.As the actors barely register emotion, boredom set in and not to be shaken off. The characters move as wind-up toys. There are few actors who bare their soul like Cillian Murphy, here a shell-shocked survivor. As directed, he sleepwalks with the depth of an amateur in a high school production. He's not alone. All the actors turn in measured performances with identical blank looks and monotone deliveries. Particularly wasted is the actor's actor, Kenneth Branagh.Certainly the bravery and sacrifice of civilian and military in the Dunkirk evacuation is celebrated in "Dunkirk." Thank you. However, this historical action occurred in 1940. Films echo the zeitgeist of the time in which they're produced. It's an odd choice to make a large (bad) film about an evacuation three-quarters of a century past. There's a stink of political agenda afoot in "Dunkirk" that's intolerable. The enemy, unseen in "Dunkirk," lurks and kills from safety by air and ground. Surrounded with backs to the the Atlantic, the very survival of a way of life is in question, as portrayed in "Dunkirk." (Spoiler Alert: The Allies Won The War.) The enemy's attacks are isolated like terrorism. The result is "Dunkirk" weaves a cautionary allegory mirroring religious extremism bent on destroying all non-believers.Subtle propaganda is dangerous. "Dunkirk" fits that bill. Either that or Nolan is a complete idiot who hasn't a whit of sense. It's a toss-up based on a filmography including the lackluster borefest "Interstellar," and the beyond inane "Inception." Nolan remains static in his career with "Dunkirk." His films are half-baked, underwritten, detached, and emotion-free. "Dunkirk" plays like a rough cut by a bad director who expects the viewer to emotionally fill-in-the-blanks. "Dunkirk" even lacks the courage of its convictions in being bloodless - there are no graphic deaths. At least Spielberg had the courage to rub the viewer's nose in the stench of death in "Saving Private Ryan." The first half hour of that film is unprecedented in the depiction of carnage (one can almost taste the grit of raining sand from nearby mortar strikes). Nolan sanitizes-for-your-own-protection. Yet he chose a violent topic and punked out; a war movie detached from death is not a film about war. By design, war cannot include gratuitous violence, just insanity - an element also lacking in "Dunkirk."The wall-to-wall dramatic, but mixed low, score loses its effectiveness and becomes annoying. And, the constant, ham-handed crosscutting between stories further waters this already thin soup by stopping a scene's dramatic momentum.A short scene in "Mrs. Miniver" (1942) featuring civilian Walter Pidgeon returning from Dunkirk in his shot up runabout says more in the visuals and a few lines of dialogue about the evacuation than the entirety of "Dunkirk." As Trump might Tweet, "Sad!" *** This review may contain spoilers ***So, it looked promising and so lets start with the PROS; The intro sequence all 6 minutes (including the first dive bombing) should have continued for the whole movie - EPIC!That's it for pro's, really the rest will just make you depressed. CONS;A poorly cobbled together film without a story and achingly under- utilized actors.The awfully executed chronology lacked any reference or worthy explanation, exposing the glaring continuity issues and unbelievable plot mechanics. Sure tell a few different stories, but please at least maintain continuity WITHIN each story, it's as though the decision was made to have all these points of view early on - yet when it came time to film they did it over 2 days. A few extras lined up on a beach and some borrowed planes. F*$*. we are approaching the 2020's dammit - use some bloody good CGI as you clearly can afford it. The movie fails to portray even a 1/1000th of the actual evacuation - there were +- 330 000 troops leaving and over 60 000 killed ( thanks Wikipedia) yet ... Nolan fails to deliver any inkling of that sort of magnitude. The Brits left behind 63,879 vehicles including tanks and motorcycles + 2,472 field guns .... holy s*$(. but do we see a single tank or gun ... maybe 5 trucks and tug boat --- woo ooh ... also the ending is Horses excrement, climaxing with some stupid spitfire pilot who is SO worried about fuel, yet manages to fly around and engage bombers for the WHOLE FILM right up to, and after its engine stops ... SURE ... then it unbelievably swoops around with no engine (they obviously just cut the sound to make it look like the engine had stopped) and then swoops past TWICE along the beach and it is assumed by the plot that it engages and SHOOTS DOWN an approaching Stukka dive bomber -NO! NO! I CALL BULLSH$T MR NOLAN! So major bullsh%t climax moment out of the way, onto the meat and bones of this cut and pasted high school conceived garbage pile.Day, morning, evening, rough seas, very calm seas - NEVER bloody mind - just SHOOT the scene dammit! The "DAY" progresses achingly slowly and even although we see two sunrises / sunsets / a storm and everything in between we are meant to believe it all happens during these story points, what LAZY film making .... I do not believe. I never much cared for this Mr Nolan chap - and now after wasting my few dollar I feel confused for the future of film making and even more disappointed than ever for the general intelligence of the world. Are audiences/critics really that shallow / attention deficit that they cannot come up with an honest review so that others may find out before wasting time and effort? pathetic for a $150 Million budget. If i could SAVE 50k p/a i'd have to work for 20 YEARS just to make 1/150th of the budget... and yet THIS is the result. These people are living in a ridiculous reality paid for by you and I> I am sure that the critics that write the reviews are paid shills because anyone who considers that movie to be a masterpiece has either never seen a war movie or is just taking money to lie to the public.Dunkirk was more spectacular than 7 or so boats, 3 planes and less than 300 men in a line on a beach. And whose idea was it to pay Tom Hardy a ridiculous sum of the budget to once again hide his face and never actually do what he is paid to do which last I checked was acting? It's obvious he was used in this movie to give it some credibility just like they did with the Mad Max debacle where he spent 3 quarters of the movie with a face covering on preventing him from speaking. The noise was awful and apparently some of that noise was considered to be music! Dull bass throbbing in every scene.Story? Lets not even go there. I can sum up the Story in one paragraph although you cannot really consider it a spoiler because there's nothing in this to spoil. "Trapped on a beach awaiting rescue but the ships keep getting destroyed by dive bombers with only 3 planes to protect those ships. Ends with Hardy finally revealing his face when he is captured after landing his plane which has run out of fuel."That's it. Everything else in between is just noise. To the people who consider themselves to be critics I say this: If you want the movie industry to become like the gaming industry where the main goal is most profit in shortest time regardless of the content then keep spouting the BS otherwise you need to start telling the truth for once. Two hours of noise and it cost them $100 million to make? It's obvious where that money went because these so called movie creators couldn't even be bothered to use CGI to expand the number of men, ships and planes to really set the scene. There was nothing in this movie and Tom Hardy was thick or corrupt enough to be used as the marketing tool. Don't waste your money. Very disappointing because of:*The worst voice quality of the recently watched films - terrible *Bad start ever, asphalt road, clear walls etc!!! *Too sterile pictures, sights - every body who starts a research will see on the old 1940s photos of Dunkirk that roads , buildings and coasts were full of mess, debris etc. *The casts have no faces, names like zombies - only a died boy's name - George- remained in my mind. There is no really main character(s) *Very poor views of the dogfights *Poor picture quality -grain noisy and sometimes the objects is out of focus- and camera movements compared example to the War for the Planet of the Apes - over all the best quality every levels, sound, voice, picture quality, camera movements actors performances etc.- and compared to other IMAX movies *I gave only 1 point because of these reasons, the huge budget and the very professional A list directors, crews and actors. The bottom of the B category for ~150 mil.Finally I was a big Nolan fan but now I am very disappointed and a bit up set in turn I'm and my family big fan of the cinemas especially ODEON ISENSE with Dolby Atmos. Usually I didn't do reviews I'm sick of this terrible movies. where to start ... WW2 ended over 70 years ago, so I thought it was the time to tell true stories about what happened back then, but I guess I was wrong, and the allies still need some sort of ego- boosters, where the Germans are portrayed as dumb with fighters made of paper. The movie is very boring and slow to be categorized under war genre, and you can see that clearly even on the faces of the actors ... 400,000 soldiers trapped on a beach, should be a movie scene that everyone will remember for years, yet all we saw were few bored soldiers standing in lines as if they were waiting for bathroom... the lines of people at movie theaters who went to watch this movie looked more crowded and alive than the 400K !! And where are all those civilians boats which everyone was talking about? I thought it was gonna be a huge fleet, yet they were no more than a dozen of them !!!! I am not gonna mention the background music as this was a disaster which needs a separate review by itself... save your time and maybe spend your money on buying any WW2 game which will be 100 times more exciting than watching this I am fully disappointed with that movie. Brazilian specialized press is saying that is the best movie of the year. Elio Gaspari in his papers' column said today the movie is excellent. I fully disagree. First of all it is a boring movie. I had two or three times the wish of leaving the theater. As a matter of fact, some guys did so. Second, is a quite illogical movie, regarding space and time. They mixed together time shifted events, and I just realized that reading the critics. Third is a type of horror movie in which the intention is to scare you. Why the sound is so loud? I had the impression Count Dracula would show himself up to bite some soldiers' neck. After spending and loosing 5USD with the ticket and regretting not to leave the theater before movies end, I realized that was the worst movie on WWII ever shot. I dare to say that is the worst movie ever shot about any war, not just WWII. I went to the cinema with good expectations. A great war movie.. Well.. It's wasn't great, and it wasn't a war movie..400.000 men it said on the poster, if I would count there were at most a 1000.Surrounded by Germans it said, maybe it was at the time I went to the toilet but no Germans seen here..After 1 hour I really wanted to get out of the cinema, but I was not alone so eventually I stayed for the whole (too long) 1:45..Don't go and pay money for this, if you really want to see it despite the awfulness this movie is, watch it on Netflix and buy a lot of beer to drink the story through.. This is absolutely the most boring movie I have sat through. Little dialogue, characters you couldn't care less for, most of the dialogue is mumbling, the score is annoying, the time-line is confusing to say the least. There were 350,000 men on that beach, in the movie there are a couple hundred at most. Full of cliché lines that make you cringe. No enemy, no stakes, no obstacles for the protagonist whoever it was. The subject matter provided so much potential, so much opportunity - but instead it is unbelievably bad in almost every possible respect. It may have been closer to a Battle of Britain film than about Dunkirk.For a film about Dunkirk I would watch the old one from the 1950's which is a little slow at the beginning as they develop the characters - but in the end the film so so much better having characters in it.I guess the budget must have run out though - they didn't have enough money to buy any German uniforms. You don't see any German troops fighting. Even when they are in the boat all you see is bullet holes appearing but you don't see the Germans. Then at the very end of the film you see the pilot being taken prisoner by two Germans who are blurred out! Why was that? After enduring this film I was blown away to discover the critical acclaim for this movie! Not to mention the IMDb user reviews! This movie took me to a whole new level of bland. To take one of the most significant events of World War 2 and turn it into THE most dull and bland cinematic experience of my life. The film was woeful. I have never been so detached from the characters in a film ever. I'm thinking the entire script would be lucky to fill more than a page. Not to mention the action. We have around 400,000 men needing evacuation. But it looked like a couple of thousand. There was no scale. The action was damn stupid from start to finish. Did they hire an expert? Hell no. I'm an ex soldier and that is not how any of that action sounds. Not to mention the cruddy no stakes PG 13 action. Did a main character just die? No idea. The editing was so terrible. And who cares if a character dies. There's no character development. So there's nothing to invest in. What a mess. ...that movie was better than this. I've seen plenty of horror movies... but not one has terrified me more than seeing this prime example of what Hollywood has come to now. The two hours of this film were just a disgrace of what a rich studio can do for a quick paycheque. If Christopher Nolan wanted the audience to feel as shell-shocked and horrified as the characters in his movie, then he truly succeeded. I have never wanted to escape the situation of being in that theatre more than his characters wanted to escape that beach. First of all, this isn't your typical war movie. There was no bloodshed, no gore, not even any real violence, which some might find refreshing. However, there was also hardly any dialogue and zero character/plot development...you know, things you would expect in a basic movie. I wanted to care for the characters so badly, or anything that went on in this movie. But the scenes were either too dragged out, or they would cut out at odd times, leaving you with a general disconnect from what was going on in any scene. The only explanation for what went on was just in the form of incomprehensible murmurs from the actors. This movie was based on a heroic and honourable rescue mission, and if the audience was made known of this simple fact, it would have set such a better tone. This movie had so much potential. If Nolan focused more on plot development rather than aesthetics, this movie might've actually been worthy of the multiple Oscar nominations it is going to get. To sum it up, this movie is basically a beautiful war-themed music video on mute. If you can appreciate that as a movie, then maybe you will enjoy Dunkirk. As for me, I'd rather watch worms hatch eggs than come anywhere close to a movie like this ever again. Too loud, too disjointed, too much Kenneth Branagh staring meaningfully into the distance. There seemed to be many scenes that would not be reasonable, starting with two soldiers encountering each other in an isolated location: they would not silently go about their business without confirming each other's identity. I thought I saw a spitfire that had run out of fuel first fly right-to-left, then left-to-right to land on a beach in front of the Germans, descending in daylight and landing in darkness. There was so much confusion as to what was being shown, and such loud "music" that it was difficult to follow the story. The critics seem to love this movie. I don't know why. This movie is beyond bad:1. Annoying music: permanent background music that tries to convey dramatic moments for all the scenes, even undramatic scenes. I was annoyed 15 minutes into the film. 2 Hours later, was wondering why I didn't walk out of the film earlier. I counted at least 10 people walking out and not coming back. 2. Bad editing. The story unfolds from three different perspectives, which makes the scenes repetitive and adding nothing.3. Boring. Nothing really happens.4. Unrealistic. Without giving any spoiler, the movie does not represent at all the sheer magnitude of what happened in Dunkirk.Please don't waste your time watching this, not even on Netflix or TV. What a disappointment! The worst part was the tooth rattling and incessant background bass beat that seemed only loosely related to the equally deafening and incessant score. More intrusive even then the ridiculous soundtrack in Gravity during the destruction of the space station in airless space, the beat and the score in Dunkirk drowned out what limited dialogue and atmosphere was present in every scene of the movie, even trespassing a bit on the hammy and over-extended scenes with Kenneth Branagh (no real loss there, I guess). When you can't hear the Merlin engine of a Spitfire from the cockpit, then you know there's a problem. Speaking of which, what can you say about Spitfire whose fuel and ammunition lasted forever, and whose terminal glide seemed even longer than that, and yet somehow apparently ended in the timely destruction of a Stuka mid-dive bombing?I cannot fathom the positive reviews this film received.It wasn't even that impressive as a spectacle. Where were the masses of abandoned equipment and materiel? Some stacked crates right at the start, and a single anti-aircraft gun? The opening scenes on the beach of Saving Private Ryan left an impression 100 times stronger than this entire film. Where do I start. I suppose it's that I feel compelled to write my first ever review. This is an abomination of a "film". From the horrific score to the lack of character. From the ear splitting sound design to way he tried to "Nolan" the chronology. From the dull screen play to the lack of any act structure it's a boring, aggravating mess. How is this getting such good reviews. I can only think that everyone, as I did, expected it to be another Nolan masterpiece!!!??? I've never wanted to leave a cinema more and I was forced to sit through the ungodly mess that was Transformers 5 last week. The movie is so slow. Watching the trailer you would expect action scenes in the movie but there is almost none. Its all one side is attaching and the other is defending. You almost feel in the beginning the director is setting up the movie nice for some nice action to follow but midway through the movie you realize that nothing has happened and apparently nothing is going to happen. The movie never picks up. It just fails. My greatest fear while watching Nolan's new movie if that just because he has delivered back to back world-wide hits and seen as the most intelligent film-maker; critics and Nolan-fans are obliged to given 10/10 ratings even if the movie is very average or even bad.Dunkirk finally turned my fear into reality.The movie is simply plain boring. You don't feel attached to any character. I don't even care if they die. The Aerial shots featuring Tom hardy all seem repetitive. It was not "immersive", "out of the world" experience as many critics are saying.One critic wrote that there was pin-drop silence in theater. Yes, I agree but not because people are tense but perhaps they are sleeping.And dear western media, I know world needs a anti-war message right now but that doesn't mean you start giving rave reviews to such a pathetic movie. ALL PEOPLE know wars are bad. EVEN TRUMP knows that. EVEN Hitler knew that. We don't need a Nolan-movie to realize that.Half-hour into the movie and I was desperately waiting for it to get over. The only people who might like it are Britons because they have heard Dunkirk stories growing up and might relate to it. But for rest of the world, it is simple plain boring.Save your money and better watch Dark knight at home. Giving 1 star to bring some sanity back into the world. Although the movie might deserve 6/10. Average Movie. Nolan has made a bore with interstellar and now this one. There is no story what so ever. Just soldiers on an island and soldiers in a plane. No plot or anything. Just two hours of soldiers on a beach. Since this movie is based on true events, how did the movie not have a plot? Instead of wasting your money on this go to google images and type in soldiers on a beach or soldiers in a plane. There I saved you 15 bucks. Loud and annoying music that wasn't needed. Hans Zimmer will try to use his music to have you thinking this movie will get intense but it never does.Another thing to note is most of the reviews on here for this movie are fake. I am constantly on this website and within the first 24 hours of the release of this movie there was already 100s of reviews posted. No other movie will have that many reviews that fast. Chistopher Nolan must of put some of the movie's budget into hiring people to write reviews. Planet of the apes came out a week before this and that only has 50,000 votes. This movie already has 115,000. Don't believe me? then check for yourself. Either half the audience had permission to watch the movie before anyone else or Nolan hired 100s of people for fake votes. Nolan is falling fast after his Batman Trilogy and he is an overrated director.1/10. 8.5 out of 10? NOT A CHANCE! I've always thought the IMDb ratings of various movies has been fairly spot on. No longer. This must be a 'PAID FOR' score! There is simply NO WAY people as a whole rated this movie THAT well, literally 0% chance.There is barley a movie to talk about here! Really, I can't even think of a good spoiler to tell you. Almost no dialog at all. No interesting characters whatsoever and no connection, you don't care at all if someone dies.Synchronicity flip flops all over the place for no good reason and is done poorly.The two redeeming features were the visuals and dramatic score... However, they do nothing to add value as you see right through them. Half a star each. After 20 mins I was ready to walkout due to boredom, I didn't, but I wish I had, because it gets no better... Credits were the best part, and even that was dull. Worst movie I have seen in years, and I recently watched Suicide Squad! This movie has no character development at all people are just dying and you don't feel anything heck i don't even remember the main characters name and i saw the movie yesterday. People are just overreacting over a Nolan movie i started sleeping in the end. showing different perspective of characters was unnecessary and i saw the same scene again and again and sometimes knew what was going to happen to the character This movie is so bad that we had to leave the cinema before it finished. It is merely a shallow attempt to depict the "moment" and nothing else.Content wise it offers no insight into the historic context, nothing. There's no dialogue, no story line whatsoever. If the intention of whoever made this movie is just to focus on the "moment", the state of being trapped of the soldiers then it also fails at that. For example, there were some efforts to portrait the mental state of the soldiers but dare I say it was an insult to those who fought in the war. What was being portrayed was mostly fear, the British soldiers depicted like a bunch of pathetic cowards, some was even tactically cheating to get on board, or accusing their fellow soldier of being a spy henceforth should get off the boat when it gets too heavy. Of course it's understandable to be desperate when you're in between life and death, but seriously what about other mentalities of the other hundred thousand soldiers? I cant help but thinking just play the opening scene of Saving Private Ryan on loop and you already have a much better result than this.Lookwise, it is so off putting. They said there were 400,000 soldiers trapped in Dunkirk but throughout the movie, you only saw a few boats and planes. Fair enough if they don't want to use screen effects to keep the realness, but then why alternate the colour of the whole movie to that omnipresent teal and orange look? It is too overused that some scenes don't even look real. The city in the opening scenes looks just fine and nowhere near like it's been at war, the high rank soldiers' uniform was flawless. The soldiers' faces look well fed and slept except some dirt on their face. In many scenes the composition of the frame is repeated in the same way: the camera was positioned below skyline so the frame was dominated by the sky and the beach, in the middle were silhouette of the soldiers, running across or. If this is the only way to portray the state a of being trapped then it shows a very very poor imagination. There's only so much left to criticize but I'll leave it here. For me this is the worst movie I've seen, also it's disrespectful to take such subject too lightly. Music tempo was overpowering,the exhausted cowardly Brit trying to take a dump on the beach in the beginning of the movie with ear piercing somber music while his pants are down around his ankles was an ominous sign of things to come.The siege of Dunkirk (historically crammed with 300,000-400,000 vacating France with at least 10,000 on the sand at one time) seemed empty for lack of CGI & modern day reservist extras, Nolan went cheap & only hired 500 weekend warriors plus a dozen vehicles from a local car club. The civilian boat flotilla numbered a half dozen borrowed from the London Maritime Museum , CGI was needed badly...I cant believe I wrote that!Also scenes kept repeating themselves,like the movie was stuck in a loop ( going cheap again using one day aerial footage) Two Spitfires against two Messerschmitt Bf 109's escorting a bomber trying to make a bomb run on a tugboat,trawler or small freighters must have been reused 3-4 times. A lone war museum Heinkel He 111 lining up like a pregnant fat duck seems rather suicidal even with Mr. Bean manning the ack- ack or is WW2 now in the mythology/fantasy realm & Nolan must not be critiqued while misusing the last flyable HE111...probably as not to tear off the wings doing fancy maneuvers & upping the price tag of this Turkey to $200 Million . Plus that annoying music to camouflage the reuse of the footage was pure trickery & was getting blatant in the middle,even the lone CGI of the Stuka dive bombing the pier was reused many times with the music blasting in the foreground ...the same with the overturning Grey tugboat & swimming extras. Nolan's soldiers seemed hauntingly bored & extremely selfish (Putting to much of today's persona in a movie is not a good thing) The somber cowardly Lion characterizations made the British retreating army an army of fools with the French soldiers looking on with grim contempt as the Brits throw them under the bus ( E.U blow-back propaganda even infects Dunkirk) The antiquated "Hold the Line!" isn't what one hears from today's metrosexual British males & it reflects badly in how one perceives history in today's age.The Brits at Dunkirk were climbing over each other backs to get out ...that is how I perceive Nolan's Crayola Kindergarten scribbles to be & not Churchill's heroic histrionics with his empire on the line.Now since WW2 is now a distant memory with half of millennial iPhone humping narcissistic dolts rather clueless about anything concerning reality of historical placement, the story/movie did an awful job of explaining Dunkirk in the grand scheme of things . How many movie goers later Googled Wikipedia 'WW2' for an explanation of the Battle of France? ... not many if I know my fellow citizens. Nolan could have exchanged the Spitfires & Messerschmitts with the Millennial Falcon & X-Wing fighters I doubt any of today's citizens would have noticed nor cared.The Germans (Nazis) were shadow figures & the explanation of why Hitler paused in pushing the Brits into the sea was brushed off like so much sand... Adolf was a cunning diplomatic in the first year of the war & Churchill didn't bite the Carrot while Adolf halted the tanks letting the Brits vacate without being massacred mercilessly while awaiting England come to terms(But that is politically incorrect to question motives or think outside what is acceptable .. now back to Star Wars sequel #9)In conclusion the movie left me empty just like the sands of Dunkirk & any residue interest in 'WW2' was latter replaced by me digging through the closet looking for a dusty VHS copy of "The Bridge to Far" & reminiscing /realizing how far Hollywood has sunk & now sucks. In a historic and artistic context, here's a question that would bother Spielberg if he thought about it for a second: what if there was no such thing as special effects? If we take the special effects from his movies, would they still be great? What, you're waiting for an answer? Just like every Spielberg movie, we find Steve desperately clinging to special effects like a fish to water. Like Bush to oil. Like Uwe Boll to a video game-to-movie conversion (last one is not necessarily bad, by the way).Just like everybody else, I was amazed by the "realism" of the first 5 minutes. Once you get past the battle scenes, there's not much to work with. I'm glad people (as manifest in the growing number of low reviews here) are starting to realize this.Let's set aside the absurdity of the "plot" (I use 'plot' very loosely). That's just a vehicle; a pretext; an excuse to use special effects (Spielberg's one and only leverage). The main plot is that a mother lost a number of her sons, so the general (or whatever his rank was) thinks she shouldn't lose her last remaining son, Ryan. He reads a letter Abraham Lincoln sent to a mother who went through a similar experience during the civil war. Using musical cues and closeups, Spielberg is not trying to tell us how to feel; he's practically *begging* us to do so. After all, he knows better than anybody that people will - during the course of the movie - realize that the battle scenes aren't that numerous or long, so there better be some story to back the movie up.Since he knows that he's addressing a crowd that made movies like Armageddon and Independence Day box office hits, he (correctly) realized that the script needs to be comprised of one element only: text. So long as the script contained text, it was good enough. And he was right. With enough flash and special effects, he was able to appeal to the idiocy of the average American, a tactic mastered by Jerry Bruckheimer, Michael Bay and their likes.Now, back to the 'plot': once you set it aside, you'll realize that this movie is trying to instill many ideas into the minds of the movie goers. When he shows German soldiers, he shows them from a distance, so by not giving them a face, a human side, he teaches us that it's totally OK to thrill at killing them. Bad German bad! After our heroes free a German, Spielberg makes is very clear that he came back later to kill Tom Hanks. Spielberg is saying: they should've killed him the first time. The only good German is a dead one, apparently. Astonishing dishonesty and malice on the part of Spielberg. Not a trick was a spared to demonize every single one of them.Unlike masters of movie making (a title Spielberg will never come close to) like Scorsese and Coppola, he desperately needs musical cues to tell when to feel sad, fearful, excited, etc. His approach to emotion is so utterly sappy, shallow and downright laughable that it's virtually impossible for him to let the scenes and the story speak for themselves. He must have very clear cues to give the viewers signals. The music is like a slap in the face. Spielberg manifests in moments like "tell me I lived a good life", grabs you by the throat and ORDERS you to shed a few tears. Insulting. Pathetic.The only good part in the movie is the whole scene of the mistaken identity, where they realize this whining little weakling crying his eyes out is not the Ryan they wanted. Other than that, and looking at the chutzpah of the musical cues, the absurdity of the plot, the dehumanization of the Germans and the hilarious warfare errors, the movie is only good for another laugh, albeit not one Spielberg was aiming for. Visually, the best WW2 movie. In other ways, far from the best. The movie is loaded with errors and falls into demonizing the German soldier and praising the American. A few examples, far from the reality the combat scenes show the Germans acting like cattle without ANY strategy at all they just run and shout, one funny part is the behavior of the German tankers, they drive in a ruined village in a VERY narrow street, like they have never heard of ambush! -One starts to think if the script writer has ever heard ofthe capabilities of the German panzer crews, SS-Captain Michael Wittmann attacked and destroyed 48 armored fighting vehicles alone in a single action! The most absurd part is the -"Macgyver/Rambo scene"-when Capt. Miller and friends start to throw the mortar grenades slaughtering a few dozen Germans. The most unforgivable error is that there were NO SS-units with Tiger tanks operational in Normandy at this point of time. This movie is way overestimated. So many people loved this film, that I actually rented the DVD to re-watch it. I had originally seen it in a movie theater, during its initial release, and I hated it. The second time was certainly not a charm. Possessing the knowledge of what was to come, made for an even more boring movie experience. This film's much talked about opening, lends nothing to the paltry narrative that is the rest of the film. The movie meanders about, aimlessly, for what seems an eternity, and almost nothing happens. When something does happen, it isn't anything that you haven't seen, done by the same old characters that you've seen before, in countless other (and better) WWII films. Even the dialog is old Hollywood corny. Then, after being about virtually nothing for hours, it ends with a hokey gimmick of the realization of who the old Vet is. Meant to tug at our heartstrings (nothing wrong with that); but only elicited a groan and a roll of the eyes from me. Tedious, with virtually no character development. Not Recommended. Saving Private Ryan, Spielberg's continued descent into narrow, arrogant, low-brow revisionism, is at best a languid patriotic trump-calling movie with nothing better to do than applaud the "glorious, morally superior American armed forces", who were in actuality nothing but teenage thugs who beat German prisoners and raped French women and looted European cities. He starts off with Kleenex totting bravery and then leads us into brutal images that have no other point than to entertain the violent video game minded geeks of American malls, he then regresses into heavy handed sentimentality that leads the viewer to conclude that Americans were all "good guys". This is not the case, history has shown us so. Americans, for all their good intentions in World War 2, were just as loathsome as the Nazis, they had a deep segregationist attitude in the States which killed people because of skin color, arrested and imprisoned innocent, hard working Japanese people and locked them in concentration camps, kept black soldiers in separate units which often were the lowliest positions, fire bombed non-tactical European cities, most notably Dresden, hired former Nazis to combat the "communist threat" and finally, dropped two atomic bombs upon an innocent Japanese civilian population. And after the war, things got even worse, the "Red Hunt", which resembled the trials in Nazi Germany in the 1930's occurred under a madman named McCarthy. So if you want to be blindly led by Spielberg's glorious war message that is simply propaganda, then by all means do and watch this film which has no redeeming qualities.It is truly amazing that people unaccustomed to great films should reveal this one to be the "best wars film ever" as if no capable director had ever attempted to bring the horror and stupidity of war to the screen. Perhaps, instead of giving Spielberg the automatic credit of creating the war genre, they should go out and rent "Come and See" (Russian), The Burmese Harp (1967), Fires on the Plain (1959) or Paths of Glory (1957), truly far superior films to this Hollywood-bastardization and candy treatment of war. There is absolutely no plot in this uneven film and the whole landing at D-Day, according to Spielberg, was in some way just a side show to saving "Private Ryan". With such a simplistic statement, it is easy to see why most reviewers revel in the sense that 'action, action, action' is equated with 'greatness'. I only guess that because they must be entertained that directors continue to keep punching out such opportunistic filth. While most viewers, who are safely tucked away in their houses, waving American flags and discharging a few tears, saying, "You German scum! You German scum!" can truly appreciate blood and guts as "cinema" then there is a market for it. After you get through the puerile premise, then you can sit back, have a few beers and watch heads explode in the carnage that has no intellectual meaning and is the most cliché-driven rubbish that has ever been produced. The scenes themselves are overdrawn, stolen from previous war films from the 1950's, namely the Longest Day (1962) which was a great film in itself. The beach landing is too long, and it shows only the Americans as "heroic" while the Germans are seen as "evil Hun scum". Tom Hanks, in his most idiotic and candid self, seems out of place as a leader of a bunch of rejects that are entrusted to save Private Ryan and in one completely absurd scene, the remaining 15 Americans defeat a battle hardened, superiorly trained SS special unit group with just a few guns. Now, if you know anything about history, then you would know that the SS were not an "easy group" to defeat, they were some of the most fanatical and well-trained soldiers of the German Reich but since Spielberg thinks we all are just a bunch of idiots, he'll continue to manufacture such inconsistent story lines. This is only a tear jerker movie and it does nothing else, I would suggest watching "Hell Is for Heroes" (1962) with Steve McQueen, because it is a lot better and we don't have to be forced to carry an American flag at the end. I was hoping for an accurate war film for a change (take a look at the Battle of the Bulge for a really bad example). What Spielberg shows us in his Omaha Beach scenes makes me wonderwhich Omaha Beach assault he is trying to portray. Those who know little about the battle (that's almost everyone who's in the theater) probably now have the idea that every other soldier who landed on the beach before noon was either blown to smithereens or badly wounded.Believe me, the 1st and 29th Divisions would have been annihilated if itwere as bad as it's portrayed and would never have been able to scale the cliffs and rout the enemy by early afternoon, which they did. I wonder, for example, how wide most viewers think Omaha beach actually was. In the film it looks about a couple hundred yards. It was, in actuality, almost ten miles wide. The timing was also inaccurate - Hanks goes up the cliffs at what appears to be 8AM. Nobody made it before 11AM. Another historical error is the implication that the events at Omaha were similar to those on the other four assualt beaches (Juno, Sword, Gold and Utah). That's totally incorrect. Utah Beach, for example, the other US assault beach, took about a dozen casualties - many of those due to accidents during the landing rather than from enemy action. But the worst part of the movie was the completely idiotic script. Here we have the US Army sending a squad(a squad!!!) to march straight thru the entire German 7th Army (something two Divisions, with total air superiority couldn't do for weeks), waltz around an area of 300 square miles, and expect to find a guy named Ryan. If they wanted to do any of this nonsense, the Army would have sent them in on the gliders that flew into the area the very next morning. "Gliders, what gliders"?  said Spielberg. That's what happens when you have a scriptwriter who doesn't know very much about his subject.  A stupid, stupid film. What a waste of $100M or so. The problem with Saving Pvt Ryan is that is is basically afraudulent portrayal of the Omaha Beach landings. Every single detail may, for all I know, be authentic for the group portrayed, which I assume was Goranson's Company C, 2nd Rangers. But that company, with one notable exception, experienced the worst that Omaha Beachdealt to the assault troops during the hours 0630-0800. Thus you get an extremely biased view of the typical experience of those landing at Omaha. For example, the entire 5th Ranger Battalion (Col Schneider) (6 companies) landed at 0740 with a cost of only 4 wounded.  It all depended on where your landing craft touched down (or allowed it to touch down - Col Schneider was supposed to land right where Hanks was , Dog Green, but had the sense to order the craft eastward), and Capt Hanks landedat the very worst spot on the entire 4 mile long landing area. And troops walked up the slopes, they didn't crawl up, inch by inch, etc. Nor where they under murderous fire ascending the slopes - very few casualties were taken during those actions. Total casualty rate for the first 14,000 or so troops that landed in the first assault waves (0630-0800)was not much over 10%, far different from what you see portrayed in Ryan. If you want to learn the history of Omaha Beach read the US Army after action reports or go the US Army Historical site. Don't bother with this movie or Ambrose's nonsensical book or The Longest Day. They are for made for entertainment purposes and only mention the disasters,etc. Beside, Ambose has been known as a plagiarist and creater of non-existent eyewitnesses.( It's worth noting that he was hired by Spielberg to "authenticate" the scenes. He's a very poor historian and not very knowledgeable about WWII. I found tons of errors in his books about D Day and Citizen Soldiers). Anyone who sees Pvt  Ryan comes away with zero knowledge of Operation Neptune at Omaha Beach. After the beach scenes,the rest of the story can be summed up in a single phrase : "Call the 101st on the radio, and tell them to pull Ryan from the line." That's all that the Army would have had to do to save Ryan.Sending a squad thru enemy lines to search a 100 square mile area for a guy named Ryan, while fighting is occurring every 100 yards is about the most preposterous idea for a story I ever heard of. But then, that's Spielberg. Anything to get the customer excited. No matter how realistic the scenes may be (I wonder about why those Rangers are moving against a prepared position all bunched together - they would never have done that ) the total picture provided the viewer is totally unrealistic. One comes away from the movies knowing practically zilch about Omaha Beach. That's a damn shame. It was an interesting story, although nowhere near as gory as Spielberg's fantasy portrait, as is obvious from the casualties taken (approximately 2000 for the 24 hours of D Day by Forces "O" and "B" (60,000 troops)). This movie serves two purposes: a) glorify the American soldier from World War II and the American nation in general and b) help Mr. Spielberg overcome his own neurosis about being Jewish, a task he started with "Schindler's List." That probably makes him the envy of anyone who ever saw a psychologist: to get paid for spreading out your psyche instead of having to pay for it.The first 20 minutes of this movie are amazing, indeed. Very well captured is the sheer horror of landing on a fortified beach; the disorientation, the killing etc. But after that, this movie drops on the level of "Armageddon": a mother has a number of sons, all of them died during the war, except one and the US military surely puts the life of half a dozen soldiers into peril to save that last one. Of course, that is completely logical.
The German soldiers, in the contrary, don't seem to have mothers or anyone who cares about them, they are ugly, lean-mean-killing machines, shouting incomprehensible things and should be killed wherever possible. They are also not just as scared as any other simple soldier on a battle field, they don't have any feelings at all. So, what could have been a great movie, with all the money spent for and stars on it, playing in the same league as "All quiet on the Western Front" gets to be completely pathetic, unrealistic, super-patriotic and one-sided. Steven Spielberg once said that he often didn't feel he was a "real" American and was left-out because of him being Jewish and that the past of his family haunts him. It is ok to feel that way and I wish him he will finally get rid of both feelings. But on the other hand he also was left out of getting an "Oscar" until "Schindler's List." That was a well done movie, but on the long run it seems it didn't do Spielberg too good. Somewhere he must have come to the conclusion that doing movies about WWII helps him overcome his problems and making them patriotic will help him getting an Oscar.If you are interested in a realistic look on war, watch "All quiet on the Western Front" or "Das Boot." This is one of the single worst films I have ever seen.  Spielberg was, once again, intoxicated by his own sense of patriotic splendour. The first major flaw in this film struck me the first time I saw it.  I was in the theater and began to ask myself, "How could Ryan remember the D-Day invasion when in fact he was never there?"Now, honestly, how did Spielberg expect to get away with that one? It was never explained or followed up in any way. Secondly, how did he expect to get away with portraying the Germans as mindless, blood-thirsty grunts?  "Well they were, weren't they?" says the blindly patriotic american.  This aspect of the film is a disgrace to Germans and more importantly to the brain-washed americans. Finally, I would just like to point out the fact that this was not a war to rescue individual men in order to preserve their family line. This film makes a mockery of WWII by completely misrepresenting it.  The only aspect that was accurately portrayed was the violence, which sadly enough drew many people to the film. Two thumbs down! The more I think about this film and read differing reviews about it the more I feel it wasn't meant for me. I'm a Finn, not American. I don't know if Spielberg meant this film as a last hoorah for the G.I.:s, but to me that is what he made. All right the film does have something to tell for everyone: in the insane theatre of war one should try to do the right thing, have courage to do it, that your actions have consequences, war as a whole creates nothing but bad feelings and probably something else too but nothing that has not been told earlier.And I suppose that isn't so bad, I mean there have certainly been worse films. But what does bother me is that Spielberg set out to do a film about what war is really like and to me, he failed. Yes I have seen the opening scene and to me it was more about exploitation and action film then about anything else and not even very memorable action. Even if one would skip all the omissions and strange things about the film (in the landing scene no naval artillery support, no air force support and the illogical German tactics in the final battlescenes) to me the main plot is a strange curiosity that only serves to illustrate that the average soldier wasn't that interesting or important. Apparently with some links to reality the main plot remains distant and odd to me.With Oscar, block-buster, critically acclaimed material as ww2 with all the gore how could Spielberg go wrong? First of all the acting. Well I could not stop wishing there would have been some lesser known actors used, maybe even amateurs. A lot has been made out of the cinematography and yes, it is good. Although to me it is not so effective when there is apparently too much money to make a film and then the camera work tries to make it look more realistic. As ww2 films go this film is a far cry from "Come and See". Yes I do admit that flag waving is a common problem among ww2 movies, I just wished that Spielberg could have avoided it. "  SAVING PRIVATE RYAN   "I thought that this Movie was going to be a masterpiece. Topping those great Anti-War films of "Apocalypse Now" "The Boat" and "All quiet on the Western Front"But alas!  What am I to expect from America?  The Truth? NEVER!Yet another great, expensive war film, where the Germans fight like Italians,  TOTALLY arrogant to anyone else.  I mean HONESTLY an American flag at the start and at the end.  Showing the American and French flags.  The ENGLISH and CANADIANS DID land on Normandy too.  The only reference to anyone else is an insulting comment about Monty.The Germans may have suffered a bit more on the eastern front than the Americans in France, but that doesn't matter because they were on the wicked side.This is the kind of film simply made to win another Oscar for Speilbergs already crowded shelf.  Not a ground breacker, not a truthful film. NOT even historically correct!!1.  Radar was a TOTAL secret.  No American privates or captains would have ANY idea of what Radar was.2.  Germans, especially those of the SS, would NEVER be stupid enough to attack a ruined village with Tanks first. It was common military knowledge for both sides.3. The P-51 D mustang, which blows up the Tiger Tanks on the bridge,  were NEVER tank destroyers, they were only used as long range bomber escorts during the invasion.  The only Tank destroyers being employed at that time were BRITISH.  NOT AMERICAN. So of course the Americans would take out this imperfect feature.Frankly, if you're American, you can go get your gun an' feel patriotic once again, as you have done with "The dirty Dozen" "Where Eagles Dare". If you're not American, avoid this, and stick to "The Boat" for your WWII viewing. It's the World War II era ... and nobody smokes.There's only one person in this movie who opposes war .... his "cowardice" winds up costing lives.For a moment, it seems there's ONE nice person in the nation of Germany. The merciful American soldiers let him go. This turns out to be a huge mistake, as he returns, days later, with a group of his friends to kill them all. Lesson learned - there is not even ONE reasonably nice German.The movie ends with a salute to the American flag and blasting, inspiring music.Was this movie made for two-year-olds?When it comes to subject matter as complex as war, I think simple-minded movies like this do more harm than good. I'd recommend a movie written at a more grown-up level. I finally made time to see this film, expecting a visceral, emotional experience.  Instead I was (in order) bored, angry, sleepy, and bewildered. Is this the groundbreaking film that everyone was gushing over last year? From all the talk I expected a head-on assault at the beginning of the movie.  What I did see was a heavy-handed and frankly uninteresting battle scene.  From there the movie only got worse.  I didn't care a bit for any of the characters, least of all the Tom Hanks lead and the obnoxious Matt Damon.  While the film looked spectacular, that's all it was: surface. There was no depth whatsoever to any of the characters or situations.  I feel like maybe there is something wrong with me that I don't see what all the orgasmic gushing over this film is about.  Plain old boring. The movie is nothing but a dummy package. Under the guise of a feigned authenticity - the construction of unreflecting patriotism, tear-jerking worship of heroes, a naive black-and-white portrayal and a pathetic "good against evil" mentality - it does not leave a doubt that only a dead German is a good German. Tom Hanks and the folks gathering around him may do a good job, but still cannot avoid the old cliché: Captain Miller's colorful troop is not much more than the regular bunch of war movie stereotypes who mutate to heroes. Where the Vietnam movies of a Oliver Stone (Platoon) or of a Stanley Kubrick (Full Metal Jacket) mercilessly condemn, do Spielberg's shocking pictures justify all committed atrocities in retrospect. Therefore this movie is rather a tribute to the US World War Veterans, than an anti-war movie. An absolution, which illustrates the horrors of war but not its senselessness. All in all, this is a movie we did not need and we could have done very well without it. I was looking forward to seeing Saving Private Ryan.  I had heard many reviews that called it one of the greatest war movies ever made.  I was not expecting to see something as poorly put together as this movie was.  From the begining I found myself wanting to scream at the screen.  I must admit the acting was good, but they had little to work with.
Just about every other aspect of the film fails.  It manages to portray D-Day as the smallest battle I've ever seen.  Basically, the goal was two machine gun posts.  Sorry, but that battle was not realistic at all and was intentionally bloodwashed worst than the Friday the 13th movies.  The film is loaded with mistakes including the rediculous helmet rank insignia. They knew better because they told someone not to salute Hanks because it might give away his rank.  Then they put bars on his helmet!  Structurally, the movie was a disaster.  It was supposed to be about the irony of many men dying for one man.  In the end, though it turns into the defense of a bridge and the main plot is almost totally forgotten.  The soldiers are stupid. They have to defend or destroy a bridge, but don't leave the detonator wired up and someone (who should have been Ryan) to blow it as a last resort? Every war cliche in the book gets dropped into this film.  "Save my child", the wounded soldier just out of reach, the sharpshooter who never misses, "I'm not leaving my buddies", etc.  They are all there.  Did they have to end the the waiving of the flag?The movie does not feel like WWII, but rather feels like Vietnam.  Lots of mud and rain, "what are we doing here", a bungling military command.  One of the most successful engagements in military history is portrayed as a confused, poorly planned mess.The movie is absolutely loaded with red herrings.  Hank's hand problem has no bearing on the plot and is not present when it might cause a problem. They fight a machine-gun nest for no real reason other than it provided a fight scene.  Was I the only one to notice that all of the towns were destroyed before we even got to them?  Didn't France surrender?  The climactic battle is sure to be lost, but is won when air support arrives. Of course, they did not call for the air support.  Can you say "Deus ex machina"?  Did we have precision guided tank bombs in WWII?  Did our protagonists really have anything to do with the outcome?I was shocked that this movie was not ripped apart in reviews.  It has everything possible wrong with it.  Is it now unpatriotic to indicate divel when you see it wrapped with an American flag? You have to love a war movie, which just like 'Goonies' is based around a serious of characters, all of which have one defining characteristic, and go on a quest, finding out who they are along the way.As 'Goonies' had the fat kid, the Asian genius, the smart-arse; 'Ryan' has the religious guy, the cowardly guy, and smart-arse, among others. As the 'Goonies' fought impossible odds, so too do the American soldiers of the 'Ryan' cast.And WWII is seen as it really happened, with the Heroic American's fighting for the cause of good single-handedly, against those crazy Germans! Canadian's, British, French, and even Commonwealth soldiers don't feature on this Western front. And nor would they, with this being an American film starring Tom Hanks, they should be neglected from such "history". There's only room for the central character's and there quest for flag waving glory!When this film was first released it was sold as being so accurate it was a history lesson within a piece of entertainment. But blood and guts don't make for accuracy. And American's, for whom this was meant only saw war as a glorious celebration of the stars-n-stripes. To this day, America has used WWII not as a warning, but as a starting point. Lost in this film was the supposed anti-war message, with nationalism the resounding lesson that this filth passed onto it's American viewers. George W. Bush must surely love this piece of violent film making at it's worst.Forget about this Goonies rip, and just check out the original, it's far less offensive, and a lot more entertaining. Saving Private Ryan is an example of a genre of film making that should have died out long ago. Far from being anti war, it is a glorification of war. While the Americans are righteous, the Germans are evil, and Spielberg invites us to enjoy the spectacle of their death. German prisoners should be murdered, (or else they will come back and kill you, so do it to them first). The action scenes in this film are superb - gritty, realistic and plain nasty. However, it remains a source of irritation that such good film making is washed down with an unhealthy dose of flag-waving patriotism. What is the message of this film? That occasionally you find SOMETHING worth fighting and dying for or that it's glorious to die for your country (read Owen for further comments on this)Something else it has led to is a number of American reviewers giving the "We died to save your a$$es" speach. This itself is both stupid and untrue - the people who wrote those messages did nothing. America got involved only when it was directly threatened by the Nazis, and not before.I am glad, however, that such views are in a minority from the American postings - It's a pity that the many are tarred by the few.Millions of normal Europeans died in this war - from bombings, shootings, torture, starvation, disease and the Holocaust. This film made only a token attempt to reference this - nothing more.
The thin red line was a much better, less commercial film with that very neccessary ingredient - a message - this one remains a catalogue of missed opportunities and a formulaic start and end. Spielberg set out to make a realistic depiction of the Omaha Beach landings to kick off  his film, which is about a fictional mission of a squad to rescue one Pvt Ryan, of the airborne, dropped inland behind the beaches. One glaring idiocy of the film is why they would dispatch soldiers from the Omaha sector to rescue someone droppedbehind the Utah sector, especially when 4th Infantry Div soldiers arealready in contact with a large portion of the airborne troops. The answer is, of course, because that gives Spielberg his opportunity to display the Omaha landings rather than the Utah beach landings next door, which were too easy and lacked any bloody combat. If the only thing anyone knows about the V Corps landings at Omaha came from this film, then they would have been better off skipping the film, or at least the opening scenes of battle. Read a book and learn what happened at Omaha. You'll find that it wasn't anywhere near as bloody as Spielberg's film leads one to believe. Omaha Beach was considered bloody only because of comparison with landings at the other 4 beaches, which were virtually walkovers. The rest of the movie is not much to see, with many errors in the combat sequences, especially with respect to tactics that would have been used. Spielberg's film is badly flawed as history, and the story is downright unbelievable - why not radio the 101st  and order Ryan off the line? Why send a few guys to walk thru the entire German 7th Army and search in a 400 square mile area for some guy named Ryan? The US Army wasn't always the most efficient, but they would never have sent off a squad on such a cockamamie mision. I am not as enraptured by this film as so many others seem to be.  I sensed a disturbing hollowness at its center, and I left the theater feeling as if my emotions had been manipulated.  I found it ugly and shabby. Beautifully photographed, though. I think this film is terrible.  The war scenes are gimmicky, especially the flanging, shakey camera work.  Some scenes are outrageously unrealistic, such as when those American soldiers shot the Germans using the mirror. Also, studies have been done showing that only about 1/3 of American troops landing during D-Day fired their rifles.  Not all of these soldiers were hardcore killers like the movie makes them out to be.  It's laughable that people call this film "realistic."The audience is given very little credit.  The dialogue sounds like it is cut out of newspaper articles which editorialize the mission.  It's as though Spielberg thought his audience was so stupid that the moral dilemma of the film had to be spelled out for them in detail.It also overused action sequences.  Those in creative control of the film tried to make up for the lack of depth with gritty, excessive scenes of violence.  All in all, this is one of the worst films that I have ever seen. Lame, revisionist crap. What the hell kind of squad does no recon, talks out loud, and stays bunched together? Also, many of the weapons (esp. the German M 60)are improperly, and fantastically used. How can you use a sniper scope out of the box, with no sighting in? Idiotic. Spielbergs enthusiastic portrayal of the murder of German prisoners is disturbing in the extreme. Here we have another in the series of Spielberg formula drek.  Mr. S. has stumbled on a great gimmick...  he makes films that may not be disliked because of some taboo or other.  To dislike Schindler's List is to not be sympathetic with the Jews who were killed by Nazis.  To dislike Forrest Gump is to not be properly respectful of retarded people.  Give me a break.  Now we're all supposed to like Saving Private Ryan because if we don't it means we don't understand that war is bad or appreciate the sacrifice made by all the people who died during WW II?  Spare me.Without all the emotional baggage, SPR is an awful movie.  The plot is trite.  The writing labored and formulaic and it in no way justifies the emotional bludgeoning delivered by the opening sequence.I will admit that the opening sequences is probably the most powerful half hour of film ever to be projected on a movie screen.  Spielberg know all the emotional buttons we have and how to push them.  He was a brilliantly manipulative filmmaker 25 years ago and he's only gotten better.  That being said, did Mr. Spielberg forget to actually add a story?  Lots of movies deal with the ugly side of humanity.  The Shawshank Redemption is a perfect example of how to show these things in the context of a riveting story.  I guess the most disappointing aspect of this is that we all know that Spielberg can do better.  He has done better.  He has made some of the greatest American films of all time.  He, of all people, should remember that and remember that every time he makes one of these ponderous abominations he is desecrating the memory of films like Duel and Jaws... and even The Lost World.  It was a far better movie than this.On a scale of 1 to 10.  I gave it a 1 only because there was no zero which was what it really deserved. What a piece of trash, if you want to see a war movie that is good see Thin Red Line.  SPR is poorly acted, the cinematography is below average and the entire movie is flawed with inaccurate and misleading information.  This movie is an example of what is wrong with Hollywood and the way big studio movies are made, thier #1 objective is to make money off the movie at any cost even if that means turning out a piece of garbage that leads the public to believe this is the best out there, when in fact the opposite is true. "Best war movie of all time", "one of my favorites" and so on...please!The beginning is awesome with amazing action scenes but then what..? It's the usual "USA saves the world" with who-would-have-guessed-it heroes and nauseating flag waving and other clichés. I just can't believe that this movie is considered to be the 14th best (or 12th or whatever it is right now...) of all time!?!What's most surprising about Saving Private Ryan is that all the Americans who watched it could get out from the theaters with their big heads. They can't honestly say that this is how they thought WWII was, can they?? All Americans and not a Brit, Frenchman or anyone of another nationality in sight.This movie was made for an American crowd and to make money at the box office. Not to make a believable story about D-day.It's supposed to be really emotional when an American gets killed or injured but the Germans are shot down indiscriminately. This is sickening to me! Is an American life worth more than a German? Spielberg seems to think it is... It may not be the MOST overrated, but it's certainly up there along with Scream and Fargo and There's Something About Mary.Oh what a battle scene - the fantastic motion sickness inducing cinematography, the masterfully overhyper editing, the gore, oh the wonderful gore.  And so forth.The Omaha beach landing was quite intense.  It was brutal and affecting. But people just can't seem to get it into their heads that one extended battle scene does not a great film make.After *that*, we get yet another version of a tired, clichéd mission movie, filled with your usual stereotypes: reminiscing about the good ol' days before this all ever happened, doing whatever it takes just to get home, blah, blah, blah. Also painfully stereotypical are the characters: we have the saddened captain who misses his normal job and life, we've got the hardnut sergeant, the Italian guy, the Jewish guy, the New Yorker, and so forth.  And all the Germans are skinheaded bastards - and by the way, where the hell were the other allied troops?  Oh, I forgot, it was the Americans that won the war (flag shots at the beginning and end are just painfully sad).The middle of the MOVIE is incredibly boring.  Pointless, predictable set-pieces are tiresome.  The scenes in which the rattled soldiers tell little stories of life at home (the medic talking about his mother, Ryan talking about his brothers, etc.) are awful attempts at evoking sympathy and sentimentality.Then there's the final battle.  Outnumbered, the men revert to primitive tactics (a bit like Predator).  Quite unbelievably, this lengthy fight is incredibly boring, and the one at the end of Young Guns is far better.5 Oscars?  Obviously due to the beach landing bit, they are mostly undeserved.  Best Director - should have been Peter Weir, or Terence Malick. Best Cinematography - John Toll for The Thin Red Line, without any doubt in the world.  Editing - Out Of Sight deserved this even more than The Thin Red Line.  I suppose the two sound awards are justified.For people to call this the Greatest War Film Of All Time is just wrong. The best is Apocalypse Now.  This is not the best World War Two film either - Das Boot is.  This can't even be described as the best D-Day/Normandy beach landings movie either - The Longest Day kicks its a**.   To go even further - this is not even Spielberg's best war film.  Schindler's List is superior.To summarise - great beginning, but the rest sucked.  If you haven't seen it, don't bother.  Or, if you insist, watch the beginning, then leave/press stop.  You'll be doing yourself a big favour. This was the last time I watched a movie based on IMDb ratings. Seriously. If you are 15 years old , you may watch this pile of... otherwise... Acting sucks, gangsters are brainless idiots, plot is terrible. "Russian" language? Hollywood, can you at least once hire OK Russian-speaking people? Hellooo??!! Just "a few" notable moments:John Wick is a killer, ghost man, he can kill three man armed only with a pencil, but somehow manages to overlook a couple of brainless thugs hack into his house, lets them beat the crap out of himself, kill his dog and steal his car, wow...John Wick is so famous that even the policeman, the bartenders, the mafia, all the town knew him, but the son of a mafia boss for some reason did not even hear about him! John Wick is very skillful , he managed to do impossible task, he can head shot everyone in the dark, but then he somehow manages to miss five times in a row at Iosef, incredible...John Wick is a ruthless killer, he wants to kill everyone, but when he encounters a female assassin, he decides to leave her alive. How touching.Viggo, mafia boss, hires most professional killers and puts 4 million bounty on John's head, but when he captures him, he decides to play a little bit and leaves him with only two imbecile guards, seriously? If you have more than a couple of brain cells, do yourself a favor and do not waste time and money on this garbage. I know it is too late to warn you not to go see this movie. But still, I am writing this review to express my disappointment, and to say I have no idea why this movie can be rate 7+ here. There must be something wrong.I am a big fan of Keanu. And I do not mind action movie with simple plot, as long as it looks cool. Nevertheless, I was brought down big time. The plot is unbelievably ridiculous. It will leave you amazed, wondering if whether someone pro-read the script before they made it a movie. No twist, no surprise, no character development, nothing thrilling or exciting whatsoever. It is utter boredom. I felt intelligently insulted, to be honest. And the action does not look cool either. Seriously, if you expect something like, let's say, Taken, you will be massively disappointed. John Wick does not really fight. He shots randomly, move randomly, and grunts, and moans. Nothing else. Everything cool about him is what you heard the others say before the fighting starts.I hope this review can actually reach someone, and help to stop them from wasting their time watching this movie. I genuinely do. I thought this was one of the worst films of all-time. I only went to see it because it had an 8.3 rating on IMDb. Wow! It is still rated over 8.0 as we speak. Holy crapamole Batman! This film was boring, lacked ANY character depth, and wasn't amusing or visually interesting. I have literally never been so shocked at the poor quality of a movie script or character development.Wow. This is the worst film I've seen in many, many years. And I'll tell you, it boggles my mind that MOST of you found it enjoyable. Just boggles my fracking mind.And here is my tenth and final line so that I can post this review, which most people will dislike but a few random souls will agree with passionately. I do not know what a lot of you others are drinking before you watched this attempt at a film but I will not be imbibing, that's for sure. There are comments in some of the reviews here that this will be a new cult film, that it is the best action film of the year etc etc etc. Sorry but 'fail' is the only word that comes to mind. The gratuitous and total violence is just pathetic and I might say a serious low point in American culture. Keanu has returned! From what? He looks like a very sad has been actor forced to not act so that the film maker can get his rocks off on this masturbation or a movie. I hope that the directors and producers of this garbage are duly banned from ever making another attempt. Seriously people, if you liked this film then you need to seriously look in the mirror. I mean really! If the mirror don't crack then just be thankful. If I had to find just one redeeming factor I would be very hard pressed. OK - I liked the little dog. YUK! The guy's wife dies. His dog gets killed. He kills 100+ people and steals a dog from a shelter. Great plot, great acting, such a wonderful movie! One-dimensional story: check. One-dimensional characters: check. Terrible dialogue: check. Bad acting: check. Uninspired action scenes: check.I checked IMDb before watching this. People talking about how this is going to be a new cult classic or the revival of Keanu. WTF are you people on crack or something. It was terrible from start to finish! This movie is all about the action and even that feels completely generic and uninspired. The dialogue is just plain painful to watch. I actually felt shame for the people 'acting' on screen. The story...... what story? It's virtually non-existent. Every random person you find on the street can write something better than this.The only thing going for this movie is Keanu looks cool. Even when his acting sucks. this movie is a huge joke, i've never seen anything so ridiculous in my life, it's even worse than runnning scared, keanu goes around and kills everyone like he's god incarnate. i mean in the professional, at least jean reno kills them in a very believable fashion, except when he shoots the cops from the ceiling of the room. i mean in this movie, nothing is believable, 30% of the people get head shotted while moving, that's just retarded, and nobody can headshot john wick, nobody can even shoot him in the arm, hands, leg, or feet. in the beginning, they send a commando squad to his house, like 10 people, they are getting killed one by one or two by two. i mean that's so retarded, even if these guys don't know what they are up against, the fact that ten of them are ordered to kill one guy would tell them they are up against someone good. i mean john just kills them one by one and headshots them like its nothing, i mean i can just fire blindly while he's fighting 2 of my buddies and get at least a shot on him, then i'll just empty the clip into him or go in and empty it into his head. there's a scene where the boss leaves 2 goons to take care of john wick who was hand cuffed, after seeing like 50 of their fellow goons headshoted, you figure they wouldn't leave much to chance. but no, they decide to suffocate him to death with a plastic baggie!!! they hardly even tortured him before doing it. and they exposed themselves to open windows. I would've just put 3 shots into his head. john's friend violated the code by helping him when he said he's gonna kill him and he was ratted out by a female assassin, but that earned her death, wtf? what did she do wrong? john's friend violated the code, why can't he be ratted out? I don't even know why the directed bother to give the bad guys a chance, why don't they just bring back neo and keanu can just off them all with his mind and the movie will be 5 seconds long. oh by the way, keanu can't act, i can grab any random people on the street, and chances are they'll be at least as good. Gone are the days when you could trust the internet ratings on rotten-tomatoes, IMDb.. hell even Wikipedia entry is so wrong about its "reception and critical acclaim"..This is one of the worst movies ever. It's a shame.. IMDb ratings. Movies like these will keep coming out and rigged ratings will keep earning them money. Hollywood is losing it.. Do yourself a favor, and do not watch this garbage. The positive reviews on this website are so clearly made up by the possible stakeholders.. Maybe the producers nowadays are hiring marketing teams whose jobs are to make multiple IDs and post as much positive reviews and ratings on sites like these to fool the public.. and guess what it sells.. some of the positive reviews are so clearly typed by the same fingers.. it is a shame. Cannot think of anything to redeem this movie. Fight scenes were boring with baddies unable to find their target at 3 feet. An expert as John Wick was supposed to be was unable to fight off 2 thugs and an idiot in his own house. He could shoot every other baddie but when it came to Iosef he kept missing. Why didn't he kill Ms Perkins? What was the significance of the gold coins, or was I too uninterested to catch what it was. Also Willem Dafoe was just a pointless addition, could have put anyone in that part who just wanted to collect a cheque for little contribution. Again Keanu fails to impress, and this was 100 minutes of my life I will not get back. Do yourself a big favour and give it a miss, really. First time making a review here and this movie made me to do so. This Movie has nothing at all. A guy is shooting dozens of people one by one. Thats it !What I will suggest that start movie, watch for no more than 10 minutes by expecting somethings then close your eyes and go deep sleep. Don't forget to switch sound at lowest, lots of shooting will bother your sleep.I have nothing to add for this empty movie, it doesn't deserve to get more to say.But IMDb wants me to add more lines. this movie is an offense on my IQ - it was 100% predictable from the beginning - complete waste of time so disappointed with IMDb for giving this movie 7.5 - WHY? I am expected to write 10 lines of text about the movie that doesn't even deserve one. I could easily say it was one of the worst movies I've watched recently - give you my word! Actually, the reason I decided to open an account in IMDb was to share my displeasure with the actors, the plot and pretty much everything else. There was a countless number of moments when I literally couldn't believe the producers managed to get away with such unsophisticated B class stereotypical unengaging movie. So my word of advice is: NO! I watched Whiplash only yesterday and it made me feel like changing from Form Mustang to Fiat Punto... Wow! This is one of the worst action movies of all times and I can't believe it has 7.2 rating as I write. Where do I even begin? No character development. - Awful script, you won't even remember one line after the movie. - Sloppy acting, no one in the movie is good. - No story. - Poor ending. - Environment, screenplay and visuals are also not that good. - Action sequences are barely tolerable.At the end, I would like to ask those who like this movie: what is wrong with you people? Have you not watched any half-decent movie recently? And to those aspiring to watch this movie, I won't say don't watch it. I'd say watch it and come back to IMDb and rate this movie - as a service to mankind. A single guy kills more than 100 people. Zero story. Only action. Even action is worse than we have in FnF, James Bond, MI, IP man etc. I usually never rate any picture 1 star but this is exceptional. If your IQ is above room temperature, you won't like this movie though i usually enjoy more movies where there is a delicate balance between substance and style - the film has an intelligent story and characterization that produces deep emotions, too - i also find great and perhaps a little guilty pleasure watching action films once in a while but this is one of the films in its genre in which i simply do not find anything enjoyable or pleasurable at all. it is totally boring and utterly ridiculous watching experience and i only wonder why on earth it was ever even made in the first place? there is NOTHING original. everything has been seen hundreds of times in hundreds of other movies...the characters are silly the story is totally predictable almost in every turn and there is absolutely no humor which may be the worst thing of all: all the people concerned producing this piece of stupid crap take themselves so damn too seriously and that is the most apparent source of yawn breaking boredom most viewers must feel at it. it is just another stupid piece of dull action cinema.keanu reeves who is still a sight for most female and many male sore eyes even in his fifties cannot save it (i think quite few women would have the overwhelming interest to watch the film despite its handsome protagonist). reeves as a retired professional hit man is as irritating cardboard character as anything else in the film. for most male viewers it is still enough if you slaughter a hundred guys around you with a relevant weapons arsenal and sprinkle blood on the walls in endless killing euphoria while on your vengeance tour de force but that kind of treatment when consistent all the way from the beginning to the end rarely makes a very good action movie. there must be something more.i admit that south koreans who are the real masters of the action genre nowadays have sometimes managed to do a fair movie from the scratch but this film crew has not been able to do so.total waste of time. Cannot believe how weak and pathetic this movie was. I was expecting at least a plausible story line and gripping action with Keanu Reeves in it. But Reeves acting was SO shallow and unbelievable, as was everyone else's. The plot was barely existent and everything in it was just a repeat of so many other movies. The action was stiff and repetitive, and absolutely lacking in reality. The story was unbelievable to the point of being ridiculous, and the concept of Reeves being able to do even a small portion of what he was pictured to do, was just absurd. Can hardly believe actors of Reeve's caliber could even consent to act in this B-grade rubbish. It's like a kid's movie - all impossibility and fantasy. Nothing gripped me at all, not for a moment. One of the worst movies I've ever seen. I have watched probably close to a thousand movies in my time. Hardly ever have I seen one in which a major Hollywood actor has had to endure such a poorly produced crime drama as John Wick.It is a shame that an actor with the potential of Keanu Reeves has to work in such a meaningless film. I sure hope he does not go the way of Nicolas Cage, whose last good movie was made in 2003 (Matchstick Men). My fears though of a career collapse are slowly but surely being realized with Keanu as this makes a two-for-two terrible movies list (47 Ronin was in the category of WTF). I will have to watch Generation Um... and Man of Tai Chi to see what calibre of production Reeves has been partnered with of his last four films.As for the film itself, John Wick is a totally un-enjoyable movie not only because the plot line is yet another US State Department propaganda piece using Russians as the bad guys but because the audience is not given the tools to sympathize for any character, both "bad" and "good" alike.The aftertaste of John Wick is a dark, dreary monolithic crime drama revenge movie that elicits zero compassion, respect or other noble feelings and imparts not one lesson of humanity to the audience. It does its job though of leaving a dark impression of Russians and a vaguely justified negative thought-impression of that particular strain of people. This is a worse film I had seen in last years and I just do not get HOW it comes here to average from 7+ ??? The story is: Guy kills hundreds of people because of one dog. Wonderful. And on the top, implementation detract/lacks any logic.. It is so sad to see such a great actor in that kind of crap movie :( So sad. This is a worse film I had seen in last years and I just do not get HOW it comes here to average from 7+ ??? The story is: Guy kills hundreds of people because of one dog. Wonderful. And on the top, implementation detract/lacks any logic.. It is so sad to see such a great actor in that kind of crap movie :( So sad. This is a worse film I had seen in last years and I just do not get HOW it comes here to average from 7+ ??? The story is: Guy kills hundreds of people because of one dog. Wonderful. And on the top, implementation detract/lacks any logic.. It is so sad to see such a great actor in that kind of crap movie :( So sad. A man's dog is killed. So he goes out and kill 1000 men and get a new dog. That is about it. The movie is so bad, that it's a stereotype of a movie. The acting is non existing, the dialogues low and the music loud. Reeves is a great gymnast, but no actor. Defoe has expired and Nyqvist can't even fake a russian accent. This is more like a homage to video games and American V8 engines than a story. Unfortunately it netted more than 100 million dollars, I see, which explain why they will probably never give up throwing these things out in new versions for as long as the market can stomach them. I am sorry I watched it, will be more careful next time, promise. This movie has no script, bad acting and my wife and I considered leaving before the end which we never do. It is not the first time i notice a big difference between the ratings of the first weeks and the ones after a few months.Read the positive reviews, a lot of them sound like PRs selling you the movie with lines like "best movie of the year", "a cult classic", etc... Nobody writes reviews like that and i'm under the sensation that studios hire people to write positive reviews to promote the movie.When you wait for a movie to end, you can't give it more than 1 out of 10. This movie is an insult. I watched this pile of garbage till the end, in agony and cringe, hoping for some plot twist or something interesting but there was nothing. 
The whole movie is about brick faced Keanu Reeves shooting 100-200 thugs in the head, because Theon Greyjoy has stolen his car and killed his dog. 
Avoid this trash at any cost. This is basically a movie about vengeance. Although if someone kills your dog, it does not really justify a body-count of 100s. After the first 20 minutes, this movie merely offers up set pieces of violence and killing set to grungy rock music. The violence reminds me of a FPS video game, where killing is cool and fun. Indeed, I must confess to fast-forwarding briefly during the final fight scene (yawn). A predictable and mindless offering. If not for the delightful Ms Perkins, then I would have given this movie a zero.Don't get me wrong. The production and violence and well executed, on a good budget. If that's what you like, then go for it. But as a Keanu Reeves fan, I remember great movies like Constantine, The Gift, Matrix. Alas, this movie is not great. Just violent mindless drivel set to a noisy soundtrack. I find nothing 'stylish' about gratuitous violence start to finish. And Rotten Tomatoes gives it an 85?? What is the world coming to? Seriously!! And so much for the 'crisp' gun-fu. During one scene I saw a flash from his gun, but only heard a click and no bang! HAHA...proves even the editors got bored watching this pointless crap. I spent 2 hours watching this movie and found it really silly especially the father of Iosuf how he gave his son to John after he was protecting him from John and then suddenly he wanted revenge for his son.
Otherwise it was only showing off cars and guns. Drive-in fare for the weak-minded. Utter rubbish! I used to to think Keanu was an actor.... I fell asleep watching this! I seriously had no idea what was going on. When I found out it is the same director as "Atomic Blonde" it all made sense. I don't like films with no story. BREAKING NEWS my friends: Making things look "blueish-green" hue doesn't make a movie COOL. I've never written a review before, but this movie angered me so much I felt it's my civic duty to protest.The movie is so full of clichés and unrealistic it's unbelievable it was made by adults. Apparently, we're supposed to derive some kind of psychological gratification from the Freudian symbols of innocence, fatherly love, superhuman strength and righteousness. It actually reminds me of the fantasies I had when I was 8.Here's the plot: a rich, spoiled American virgin girl goes to Paris with a friend and gets abducted by Albanians and sold into sex slavery. Luckily, her daddy happens to be a ex-CIA agent and tracks them down effortlessly, kills and tortures them in a blood-curdling fashion and gets to his daughter just before she gets her throat slit by the evil (yet also stupid looking so you can still feel good about yourself), toad-like sheik. On his way, daddy makes a such a spectacle of killing and torturing people that it makes you wonder whether anyone would take so much trouble if no third party was watching. He doesn't even spare people who are innocent and are unlucky enough to get in his way. Like the wife of a French agent involved in the mess, whom Neeson shoots in the arm, because her husband refuses to give him information on St-Claire. (Meanwhile, their kids have been tucked into bed 5 minutes ago yet they don't seem to wake up. Yep, totally.)All the circumstances are miraculously in Neeson's favor. His daughter is talking to him on the phone when she gets abducted. (otherwise, how would he know? Most victims of sex slavery are poor East European girls who don't have cell-phones, which would be too boring). Also, she's standing in the bathroom from where she can see her friend being abducted first, so daddy has enough time to instruct her how to hide and to shout out the details of their complexion while being dragged away (at which she miraculously succeeds, despite her panic and the struggle she puts up).Also, multiple men can apparently easily get into a hotel room and abduct two girls, but Neeson has to use Spiderman skills to get inside. Well, thank God the bas relief of the wall was adjusted to his height exactly; otherwise, the movie would have ended there.Another point that disturbed me very much is Neeson indifference to the scores of other girls who have been drugged and raped by Albanians. Apparently, the PRINCIPLE of sex slavery doesn't concern him, just the fact that it happens to HIS daughter.In the end, Neeson returns with his daughter to America, with only a broken arm after fighting hundreds of heavily-armed men. Also, he has no trouble leaving France after killing each and every one of them. (France must be a Third World country). Everyone is happy and his ex-wife has to admit he's not such a loser after all. Every Freudian fascination has been satisfied trice over.This movie does absolutely no justice to Eastern Europeans (all Albanians are shown as stupid scum and we're supposed to gloat seeing them being electrocuted), and above all, the REAL victims of modern sex slavery. I could write a lot more about this piece of garbage but I think I've made my point now. Thank you for your attention. To save you the time in either watching this film or reading my critique of it, here is a brief summary: This film is the worst film I have ever seen. This film is atrocious. This film is so unbelievably awful that all the writers, directors, producers and cast that worked on it should be sent to the Hague and tried for crimes against humanity.In the first chapter of this film, three facts are established:1. There exists a man. He's pretty tough. 2. He loves his daughter very much. 3. Aforementioned daughter is going to Paris.In order to establish these three facts, which any competent writer or director could do in about ten minutes, the film takes over half an hour, quite possibly the most laborious half an hour in cinematic history.As soon as the daughter reaches Paris, she is of course kidnapped. Literally AS SOON. So there is a sudden escalation in pace that doesn't leave the watcher thinking "WOW, I didn't see that coming" or "Wo, what a skillful escalation in pace" but simply "OH Jesus Christ SAVIOUR OF THE WORLD THANK GOD THAT SOMETHING FINALLY HAPPENED!" This sudden plot "twist" of course makes the liberal mother and fat, short stereotypically wealthy stepfather look villainous and the absurdly-paranoid-to-the-degree-that-he-should-seek-professional-help father, who believes his daughter is safer in Los Angeles than Paris, becomes the all-knowing hero.And of course the CIA can detect from a tiny and poor-quality voice sample the hometown of any speaker. So we learn that the daughter has been kidnapped by an Albanian gang who intend to sell her into sex slavery. This is of course the point where the film ceases to be just bad and becomes outright immoral: people trafficking with the intent of prostitution is a real and tangible problem in Europe and indeed all over the world (if you want to see an actually worthy film that deals with the issue I suggest "Eastern Promises", "Dirty Pretty Things" or "Spare Parts"). Making it the subject of a Hollywood action film in which the American hero overcomes all the odds to rescue his daughter is insulting to those women who have actually been in this situation. Particularly appalling is the scant disregard that our "hero" shows for the wellbeing of any of the other women. It left me questioning "is it supposed to be ironic? morally ambiguous? No, it's just a film that chose a very sensitive and inappropriate subject for a formula-produced action movie.As the film continues we are given more and more ridiculous scenes that insult our intelligence. One particularly stupid oversight comes when the hero walks into a brothel posing as a Parisian police officer and the villains show absolutely no suspicion of his being impostor, despite the fact that he talks exclusively in English.And the most ridiculously appalling scene comes at the very end. The girl is safe as she returns from Paris to Los Angeles. Finally, back in America, where everyone's safe! In spite of murdering and torturing so many people and shooting the wife of a leading Parisian police officer, our hero steps off the plane with absolutely no problems. Despite her best friend's death and a terrible ordeal, the girl is happy and shows no signs of trauma whatsoever. And in spite of the thousands of women who suffer in sex slavery every day of their lives, a plight which this film does absolutely nothing to enlighten the world on, we are made to believe this is a happy ending.This film is an insult to my continent and my intelligence, and a mockery of so many people who suffer in silence.But I'm European, so of course, I'm an evil people-trafficker n'all... I always root for the little guy, whether it is the character or the filmmaker. It's why I love independent film. It's why I applaud Charles Bronson and Bruce Willis and all the films where they stand up to some half-baked criminal scum. It's why I wanted to like TAKEN, this scrappy little picture that took on big money titles and thumped them at the box office.But TAKEN is a troubling case. As much as it pretends to be a "revenge" picture – and it is as predictable as the worst of them – TAKEN is a movie filled with dangerous, racist ideas. It makes troubling statements about America values, the exploitation of our fears, and the way we vilify sex but glorify violence. What does it say about us as a society that TAKEN, easily one of the most violently offensive movies I've viewed in years, became a box office sensation? Or that it remains so highly rated by IMDb users?Liam Neeson stars as an ex-CIA agent whose daughter is kidnapped by sex traders in France, now the most dangerous country in the European Union(?). He immediately vows to kill these scum; you've got to see his ridiculous negotiation scenes to believe it. And then he proceeds to follow through in a manner that would make Charles Bronson blush. He tracks hordes of these foreign devils down and breaks their necks or shoots them or guts them or chases them into oncoming traffic. He shows no mercy. He's so busy smashing skulls open twenty at a time, that he can't be bothered to rescue other teenage victims of the sex trade.Apparently only his daughter, a pony loving virgin (I kid you not), is worth saving. The rest of the kidnapped girls, dozens of them, are left in drug-induced stupors to be continually raped by bearded Albanians. Not only is TAKEN absolute rubbish, it is absolutely insulting to women, the French, and most intelligent life on this planet.I've never done this before, but shame on all you who found entertainment in this vile excuse for an action film. And shame on Liam Neeson for having participated in this misogynistic excuse for entertainment. It really is that bad, an externalization of the fear of the foreigner, written by Frenchman Luc Besson at a time when his country is attempting to outlaw Muslim attire.The fact that this movie received a PG-13 rating, despite scene after scene of violence and teenage rape is incomprehensible. Way to go, America. Middle-aged, frumpy, self-conscious but talented cookie-making woman is dumped by husband for a younger model. She is devastated. Luckily, her cookies are really good.By the end of the movie, she is head of her own international,cookie-making company. She looks fabulous after the make-over montage. Her ex wants her back.However, this can't happen because she has grown as a person plus she's with a rugged carpenter who makes beautiful furniture but he's rich because he owns a chain of stores selling ethically-sourced home furnishings."Taken" is basically the above but for middle-aged men. Bryan Mill's wife has left him for a millionaire. The millionaire can give Bryan's daughter Kim a much better birthday present than Bryan can. Bryan's ex-wife wants him to let Kim go to Paris. Bryan tells her it is too dangerous. Kim is kidnapped in Paris to be sold as a sex slave. Kim is a virgin. Luckily, Bryan is an ex-spy. He kills a lot of people and saves Kim just before she is about to be raped.By the end of the movie, his wife is eternally grateful because he has saved their daughter, something her rich husband couldn't do. Bryan was right about Paris . His ex-wife was wrong. She knows that now. Bryan is happy. Bryan is a hero.His daughter is eternally grateful. His daughter was wrong about Paris. Bryan was right. She knows that now. Plus she is still a virgin. Bryan is happy. Bryan is a hero.Bryan's daughter wants to be a pop singer. Bryan introduces her to a major pop star who will help make her dream come true. His daughter is eternally grateful. Plus she is still a virgin. Bryan is happy and right ( and everybody knows he was right and are very grateful to him )and a hero. I've always liked Liam Neeson in movies. But this one? I can't blame him for the script or direction or stunts. But I beg the question why Liam? He's far too old to be playing an action here but with the wig in place and a bit of plastic surgery on the face he passes for 60.The violence in the movie is unspeakable and we are asked to suspend disbelief over and over again. Even against machine guns and machetes. And Liam, all by his little old self kills 'em all. Every last one. And hangs off buildings to get into hotel rooms that every one else has easy access to.And he tortures readily, being ex-CIA. And drives in and out of impossible situations.Arabs and Albanians are all bad guys. Sex traffickers. Who speak English. As Liam does. To everyone. In Paris.And Liam only cares about his daughter and not the other unfortunate girls who are also trafficked. And she loses her best friend and is not traumatized one bit.And her Daddy leaves a trail of bodies and mayhem all through France and no one bats an eye and lets him return on a plane to LA which is far, far safer than Paris.I could go on but don't waste your time on this drivel.1 out of 10 My wife and I enjoyed predicting exactly what the next scene would hold. Here is what we found most objectionable:A. The Hero can do absolutely everything. He needs no team and could destroy any army single-handedly, because:1. He never misses. 2. The enemy never hits, because they are Standard Issue Henchmen. 3. The enemy always comes at him one at a time, because the director must like 60s kung-fu movies. 4. The enemy security agents have no training.B. The Albanians don't question the fact that an Englishman with a reasonable facsimile of an American accent is shaking them down, with only a possible stolen business card to back his position.C. All the other dead people are just nameless-faceless ciphers to be deposed of by the Hero in pursuit of the only person that matters, the daughter. The movie has a supposedly nice happy ending, but there are several parents of dead abducted prostitutes morning their equally valuable daughters.D. Someone must have told Morel that Albanians don't send a shiver of repulsion down American spines, like they might do in Italy. Better add some dastardly A-rabs.E. Even French workmen won't line up to have sex with drugged out, track-marked prostitutes. There are plenty of those available in every European train station.F. Albanians aren't going to jeopardize a working business model, which has been going on for decades, of getting nice, reasonably educated and attractive Eastern European girls to work in the western Europe sex industry. Getting wealthy American and western European parents,, with possible high level connections, would be bad for business.G. Of course, Liam Neeson's daughter commands 500k, for some inexplicable reason. After finishing this "film" I was like, when you kick a man in the groin. I was making funny faces (not that I wasn't during the film) and felt really bad for myself and for Liam Neeson. I was thinking, where did he go wrong, from Oskar Schindler to this crap... Usually when I see a good film I'm full of questions about the plot, the characters and everything else. Well I'm full of questions right now, but for all the wrong reasons...First of all, WHY? Why is this film rated so highly? Where did humanity go wrong, if you get to the point where you find this kind of garbage even watchable...Please tell me, what did I miss, so I could go check myself out. Then, whats with the "terminator-superman" hero character, who can recognize a man by 3 seconds of voice sample from a few thousand miles away, and can kill the whole mafia and then leave without a notice to celebrate with his rescued daughter who's best friend was raped and killed only a few hours ago And I can continue on and on, but I won't do it, cause it will only make me more angry If it wasn't for my girlfriend, with whom I watched it, I would've stopped this crap after 15-20 minutes and watch something more watchable...like animal torture...-1/10 (shame on you Luc Besson, and all you liars who rate without thinking a little bit) After seeing the high IMDb rating of this film and reading some reviews, last night I watched this film with a friend of mine in the local theater.1- Well, I think this movie deserves a 3 or 4 tops. I cannot understand why some people compare it with Bourne or even James Bond. Here goes my one star to balance the rating!2- If you like a clichéd film, with a story as deep as a spoon of water with many plot holes, this movie is right for you!3- The reason why I gave this film one star instead of zero is that there are actually some good acting in the film. Also zero star is not an option on IMDb, YET!4- In case you are attracted to the movie because of the name of Luc Besson as the writer, I should warn you that he is not the same Luc Besson who wrote the masterpiece "Leon". He is another person after he apparently did a whole brain transplant a while ago! 5- Some say (actually I read it in one of the comments here) that Luc Besson wanted to fool the American audience and get away with the money! 6- What's up with that 17-year-old girl acting and running around like pre-elementary children all the time? 7- Why are the girls kidnapped just 10 minutes after they arrive in France? Why does the father find all bad people only one minute after he decides to chase them? You know, this kind of exaggeration ruins the film for me! 8- I expect that a spy (even a retired one) have some high-tech devices not just a SONY tape recorder and a walkie talkie! 9- In the scene when father is on the phone with her about-to-be-kidnapped daughter, Why doesn't he ask her to lock the door and call the police? yeah, I know. The French police probably doesn't care about the safety of an American girl. In fact they are probably busy helping out the Albanian gang that rule in Paris! 10- Why isn't the girl even a little bit sad about her friend who was raped and died? One friendly suggestion for those people who described the action scenes in this film as "jaw dropping": You may want to see a "jaw" doctor! OK, here ends my comment. Have a good day! Wow! Judging from the reviews on this site you would think "Taken" was this incredible, non-stop thrill ride, when AT BEST, it's a disappointing rental. Every aspect is far fetched beyond belief.The nasty ex-wife, the rich step father that gives the step daughter anything, who begs the lead for help after he realizes he was wrong,the naive daughter who is kidnapped 20 minutes after getting into the country. Then Liam Neeson springing into action and blowing up every and anything.Every step of the way this film never rises above cartoon status. Reading the comments on this site, I'm frightened for the future of man. Then again, "Mall Cop" was number one two weeks in a row, so I was already afraid. Taken. Sometimes you just wish that you had the power to press 'pause' in a movie and just tell the punters "Look...this is one of the worst movies of all time...it's trash and I'm going to show you why". Taken should NEVER have been made. Now for every reviewer that has liked Taken, let me assure you that you are wrong. Is it that every story has been told in cinema, that we must deal with the same old same old...over and over again?? There was NOTHING original in this film. Luc Besson has proved time and again that he can't write. This is his Citizen Kane! Taken is every action/thriller cliché thrown into one violent shambles. Neeson is a retired agent, who is suffering guilt at a wrecked marriage and at being a bad dad. Yawn. Famke Janssen is the ex-wife. She now is married to a dull rich guy. She rants that Liam was never there for her or the daughter. After spending five minutes with them, you know why! They are horrible! Liam can't compete for the love of his hideous daughter. He buys her a karaoke machine, cos she wants to be a singer! We never get to hear Maggie Grace sing...but then again, we never got to see her act either. New dad buys her a horse, which she rides around her party. Liam takes lots of photos on his throwaway product placement camera...to put in the photo album he keeps of daughters' birthdays. Oh Liam, just don't get all deep and tender and touch the photo...no...NO...he touches the photo!!! Then daughter wants to go to Paris. But really, she's doing all of Europe, following U2! Liam is concerned. The worlds a bad place...and U2 are a bad band! Daughter jets to Paris with airhead blonde girlfriend. They meet an ugly guy with cross eyes. The girls play music really loud and jump around and then the blonde is taken by Albanian human traffickers who were contacted by cross-eyed guy.The daughter phones dad. Then she's 'taken'! There is a fantastic clichéd funny scene as Liam jets to Paris. He holds the tape to his ear,listening to the kidnapper saying "Good luck". He pushes stop, rewind and listens again...and again. It is a side-splitting moment. Within 5 minutes of Taken, you just wish SOMEONE would whack the daughter! She is an acting vacuum and just really annoying. Aaannyway, Liam chases cross-eyed guy, who gets killed by a truck. He's lucky...he got out of this horror story early! Liam does some researching, hangs out in with an Albanian translator...then some hookers. The translator tells Liam that his daughter is at 'the construction site', which Liam finds immediately, because there is only one construction site in Paris! He doesn't find his daughter in the site brothel...but does find her hideous denim bedazzled jacket! He takes drugged girl, jacket and a gun and does some killing and car chasing. Then he saves the girl in his hotel room, with a drip full of stuff to get her over her 'Jones'. Methadone?? Liam is, if nothing else, very prepared for every situation! He starts doing lots of killing around this time. Lots! There is one hilarious scene where he challenges his bent French cop pal (who has just come home with a bread stick under his arm, because that's what French men do! Hahahaha) and Liam shoots the guys wife, then yells, "It's just a flesh wound!!!" as a way of chilling the French dude out! This whole movie is a flesh wound! To the brain. It is funny and it wants to be serious. It is stereotypical, racist, sexist and violent beyond need. Every character is a parody. Liam the conflicted father. The nasty bent French cop. The cold ex-wife. The innocent daughter. The nasty tattooed Albanians...all called Marco! HahahahaLiam eventually finds the daughter. She is being auctioned off. Maggie Grace tries on some method acting as if she is drugged. She fails. Maggie goes for half a million dollars! This is insanely overpriced. Now some of you 'reviewers' noted that this film is important for dealing with the topical horror of human trafficking. Umm...can we stop just there? Stop reading into this film! Stop trying to wring some deeper meaning from it. It is not deep or thought provoking. If you truly thought this was a deep, profound storyline, then you are an idiot. Say it with me "Idiot". There. Better? Good. OK...back to the 'plot'. Liam gets the daughter...then gets knocked out! Then we find him tied up over some piping above his head. How many times have you seen this scenario?? And right on cue, the pipe snaps, Liam really snaps...and he is off on some more killing! He searches through some rooms to find his daughter. He finds lots of other girls, chained to beds...but leaves them. He finds blonde girl, but she's dead. He doesn't seem too worried about this. Tough, is our Liam! Liam then steals a car and goes on a long car chase alongside a river, to get to a boat, with his daughter on board. The daughter is found on a boat, in the arms of a fat greasy guy (the head baddies are always fat and greasy) who looks like Jabba the Hutt! Liam kills him. He kills...everyone really. Then he is calmly allowed through international customs to jet on home with his daughter. No questions asked. Oh...and there is still time to pop around to the singer to drop the daughter off for her big break! How peachy! How anyone could find this film interesting, enjoyable or original is quite frankly, probably retarded. You should probably stop watching movies and at the very least, stop writing reviews praising such a clunker! I don't know what movie the other commentors who gave this film a favorable rating were watching, but it wasn't the one I saw. The opening dialogue between Neeson and the shop store owner made me want to puke. The storyline that Neeson's ex-wife married a rich, rich man is so old and worn out it wouldn't clean the puke that came out of my mouth watching this garbage.Next, Neeson's daughter gets a pony from her step-father? Yeah, it's horse not a pony, but all I could think of watching this dribble is that a 17 year-old is excited about getting a pony. At 17, she's into boys and cars, not ponies. Also, the daughter wants to be a singer, so what happens? Neeson's buddies that night talk him into body guarding a rock singer and someone tries to kidnap the singer, which Neeson prevents. How convenient.Everyone is rich in this film, except poor Liam. Neeson's wife's new husband, his daughter's girlfriend and her relatives. If you're going to kidnap someone for sex slavery, don't kidnap the rich, kidnap the poor. The rich have resources to hire people to come after you.Neeson's a good actor, but sometimes he fails to deliver lines with the proper emphasis. "It was a trailer, not a building." Delivered totally flat.Further, he shows up at the hideout impersonating a French detective and speaking in his Americanized accent. Uh, are we supposed to believe the bad guys actually thought he was French? The most interesting character in the film was the translator and he was only on screen for a few minutes.Luc Besson has always been a disappointment to me and once again he shows me why. OK, the actions scenes are pretty good, but not worth the time watching this film if you like good cinema. The really scary thing is the number of people giving this drivel 8,9 and 10 stars.Can't they see the plot holes, the insulting stereotypes, the total predictability of a weak storyline.Turn the story round - you're an American, what do you think about this; a couple of French girls go to Disneyland but get kidnapped by hoodlums. One of their Fathers flies over, finds a guy who met the girls at the crowded LAX airport, beats him up on the spot, guy gets away, father steals a car, chases the guy, causes freeway mayhem - god knows how many innocent Americans injured and the guy gets killed by a truck. What would American Police do?The French father kills a few more people - shoots at least one in the back, causes an innocent American teenager to get shot in the crossfire, deliberately shoots an entirely innocent American policeman's wife with 1st grade kids awake in the bedroom - don't worry, "it's only a flesh wound". Would someone call the police? What would your police do? 'Rescue' a drugged kidnapped teenage girl but don't take her to hospital - take her to a hotel room, put her in bed, perform medical procedures on her and interrogate her when she wakes. What should your police do? Finds is daughter, totally ignores the other kidnapped girls including his daughter's now dead friend, kills everyone associated with the kidnapping and then - calmly exits through American customs and flies home to a hero's welcome in France. Do you feel your country's been violated? Sure you do. Do you think innocent people have been killed by this man's recklessness? Yes you do. Should he be brought to justice? Of course. Would you give THAT film 10 stars? No way, you'd probably firebomb the theatres it's showing in.But because it's an American father in a foreign country and the hoodlums are Albanian selling innocent American girls to Moslems then it's OK and he's a hero.Can't you Americans see the attitude of mind that's got you in so much trouble when you invade places like Somalia, Afghanistan and Iraq? Each time you see a lousy film, you think nothing could possibly be worse until along comes something that blows the previous one out of the water for sheer awfulness. This is true of 'Taken'. Up to pres, it is the worst pile of junk I've had the misfortune to sit through in quite some time. Quite simply I am outraged that this should score so highly on IMDb and that I should have been taken in by it! Liam Neeeson goes through this looking like some badly made -up corpse, gaunt old features emphasized by an appalling hair-dye job, calculated to make him look younger and perversely emphasizing his age. Lousy script, lousy acting -the worst of which being the daughter who behaves like a demented 6 year old rather than a 17 year old asking to tour Europe. Why would anyone allow an obviously backward/retarded girl to do this? This film absolutely STINKS - it is utter RUBBISH!!!!!! Dozens of gangsters firing automatic weapons at one man and all missing the target etc.. the usual clichés, in fact its so bad its like a parody. Only watch this if you are a particularly unsophisticated/immature 15 year old boy because that's the only type of person who could possibly enjoy this garbage. Everyone has to pay their bills and Liam Neeson must have seen this as a way to pay his, because my God- he can't seriously have thought 'I've just GOT to play this role!' when the script landed on his mat! TRASH that hits a new low for the braindead. Garbage! Clichéd, unrealistic, predictable. I just didn't buy it - just simplistic, plodding and dull - looked like a made for TV movie to me. And I LIKE these types of movies as a rule. I guess the guy next to me as we were walking out summed it up as he heard my buddy and I discussing the movie when he said "maybe worst movie I have ever seen".Oh, and when will movie makers get that the hand held camera thing does nothing for people except make them nauseous? Do they think that a shaky camera will make cause people to not notice that the movie sucks? Sorry - I noticed anyway! Save your money, and go see something that won't insult your intelligence. Yecch It's really sad that such a good actor like Liam Neeson is in this mess (for lack of a worse word). This is a typical (awfull) movie that Steven Seagal has been doing for the last 1o years or so. The movie also wasted a very interesting idea: the plot of an ex-agent trying to rescue his daughter from white slaves trafficker's is actually pretty good. If they had put better screen writers this could have been a very crude, strong and believable film - instead, they want us to believe that: 1) Neeson is sort of a Rambo-Terminator, completely indestructible; 2) the baddies are the worst shots ever seen in movie history - they miss even at point blank range; 3) there are no police or law enforcer of any kind in Paris, since no one eve stops Neeson of killing literally everyone that is in his path. One of the worst action movies in many years. Don't waste your time and money with this trash!! "Taken" finds the daughter of ex-CIA agent Liam Neeson kidnapped in Paris by Albanians and held for sale into the white slave trade, and details Neeson's efforts to save his daughter and her friend."Taken" is a terrible movie. Liam Neeson is a terrible fit for the "aggrieved parent / former CIA agent / action movie" genre. When people applauded, I looked at Don and said, loud enough for people to hear, "You have to be kidding me!" Some of those near us laughed nervously — after applauding, mind you.The script was literally laughable at many points. I can imagine the screenwriter sitting at home using some sort of iLife-type program  "iHollywood Script" or some such  to assembly this dreck from stock story elements. It is filled with cliché after cliché, often delivered by Neeson without a hint of urgency or passion. His banter with his former CIA colleagues, and his ex-wife and daughter, is, conversely, delivered with obviously false passion and good humor. He reminded me of a super-excited infomercial audience member at points.There are many "great" (hint: sarcasm employed here) bits of dialogue throughout the film. I stifled my laughter at several points. Here, however, is the best exchange.Neeson, as "Bryan Mills," meets an old friend from French Internal Security. When he announces his plans to retrieve his kidnapped daughter, his French friend warns him not to "tear down Paris" in his pursuit."I WILL TEAR DOWN THE EIFFEL TOWER IF I HAVE TO!" Neeson replies, again almost bloodlessly.Liam Neeson turned in an excellent performance in "Schindler's List," as the morally confused, yet ultimately upright, Oscar Schindler. I thought he was okay in "The Phantom Menace," and I blamed any failures on his part on the directing of George Lucas (who deserves the scorn of the entire world for that series of abortions, plus his destruction of the Indiana Jones series). In "Taken," however, Neeson simply wasn't up to his usual standard. I wonder if this was perhaps a "paycheck" movie?All that being said, I enjoyed myself because this entire movie was so ludicrous and laughable. I later told a friend that it should be shown to film students as an example of how not to write a film. Further, I learned some very valuable things:1. Jeeps cannot be hurt by any man-made weapon. 2. Nor can strung out, incoherent prostitutes lying in the back seat. 3. CIA agents travel with their own medical drips, needles, etc., to help bring addicts down so as to question them. 4. Albanians in France do not notice if, when claiming to be a French agent, you speak to them in slightly-British accented English. 5. You can leave France after committing multiple murders and other felonies with nary a whisper.There are other lessons contained therein, of course, but these are the ones that stood out in my mind. I read some of the reviews of this movie before I watched it, and expected it to be good. Instead it was probably the worst movie I have ever seen. Not even Liam Neeson could rescue it from being complete rubbish. It was riddled throughout with clichés and stereotypes, along with non-stop fights, shootings, chases and virtually everyone being killed by Neeson in his search for his kidnapped daughter. It could have been a good story if some subtlety had been used in tracking down the villains but there was none, and the ease with which he found them was laughable. in addition, the total lack of concern for any of the other girls was appalling. The ending was especially pathetic. Suddenly the daughter, after the nightmare experience she had gone through, was back to being the all-American happy teenager that she was at the start of the film. Totally unrealistic. This movie was not the work of experts, but a group of random amateurs who saw too many Steven Seagal movies and wanted to cash in on prejudices held on "SOME" of these actors' past successes. The IMDb score tricked me into thinking this was worth the time, but let me give feedback appropriately by mentioning the best things first and then go on to the worst parts.The only good (funny) part:When the protagonist contacts a previous CIA contact, that turns out to be a fraud, he shoots the man's innocent wife in the arm, in order to get information. As my bro said, she was depicted as a French housewife, whose life held no value. This was pure dark humor, that got me laughing, because this cutthroat abusive behavior is not the behavior you expect of someone (supposedly) ex-CIA, but expect of a retired pimp.Then the worst parts: The disregard of all life forms that are not American. It is as though this movie hopes to accomplish complete disregard for all human life forms outside the USA, he kills so many people and ignores the suffering of so many girls that have the same age as his daughter that you end up hoping there will be some mention of these factors in the last minute of the movie. Nonetheless, in the end all that matters is the safe return of the spoiled American brat. Nobody cared for the other girls used as prostitutes, because they were not American. A note to the writer: this move plays out in France and THIS IS NOT THE MATRIX OTHER LIFE FORMS DO EXIST!!!!!The plot. As there was none, it was all predictable if you ever saw a Steven Seagal movie, except most of those actually have some form of content... The movie The innocence of M. was a movie with a plot of a similar level.Portrait of France. This country known for its refined culture is portrayed as a poverty stricken third world country, that happens to host the Louvre and some museums. This is confirmed by, the protagonist never considering contacting authorities and instead decides to kill all criminals he meets himself. The Credibility. Ex-CIA? Yeah right, for the sake of the USA I hope the CIA has more Intelligence... like I said, he was more like a retired pimp who's stash got busted and was out for revenge. This movie does not attempt to have you believe 10 seconds of its story line, it's all fantasy of an overexcited Steven Seagal fan. The acting. After the first scene I hoped his daughter would just die, because this spoiled brat can't act! She sucked in Lost and still does. Furthermore, everything resembles a Steven Seagal movie, the only good actors in this movie are possibly the French female addict, he only helps because she is wearing his daughter's jacket (BTW, she gets discarded after the protagonist gets his information). Furthermore, the protagonist was mediocre at acting, he used the script as a bible and unfortunately his face only knows 3 expressions: anger, anxiety and satisfaction. But, 80% of the time he just portrayed an angry tourist.My recommendation is if you have an IQ above 45, this movie will not meet your expectations of a movie made by people with an IQ above 20. All this movie tries to inspire is to randomly kill people while you're in a foreign country on vacation or looking for your spoiled slightly retarded daughter. This piece of trash gives all Americans a bad name and does not teach anybody anything, save yourself, the time, money and breath it takes to deal with this product made by amateur American Hollywood residents without a passport. The exposition was jaw-droppingly clunky. Critical moments were utterly unbelievable. Generally terribly written. Most disturbing is that the two main concepts that this movie delivered was a) that torture is not only justified but yeah bring it on, and b) the secret services or 'intelligence' agencies are noble, just, heroic and generally the good guys, whereas history and the current global situation shows us clearly the opposite. This is a cringingly obvious propaganda piece for the new world order and its torturing, murdering servants. Really there is nothing more of interest in this trashy, badly-written, clichéd rubbish. Watch it only as a student of modern history interested in propaganda. TakenIt being a miserable rainy Monday morning I decided to take a half day off work and go to see Taken. Not having heard anything about this movie I didn't really know what to expect. What a let-down! Do not waste your time time to go see this rubbish. Luc Blesson's writing has reached a new low, which I didn't think was possible after "The Transporter", you would be forgiven if you forgot that the same writer gave us the wonderfully dark "Leon" and equally sublime "Nikita". Now if ill-legal sex trafficking isn't dark enough subject matter, then it shouldn't of been approached in the blasé way that it was. I am very surprised with Liam Neeson for taking such a role. How some eastern European terrorists could actually miss Mr. Neeson, yes all 6ft 4", while shooting machine guns defies belief.With this said some of the fight sequences are well choreographed, but be under no illusions, Bourne Trilogy this ain't! The sequence of events is just implausible, you cant but help laugh. I think it will suit American audiences more than European with all it's gun-ho lets beat the Muslim terrorist rubbish.A highly disappointing outing for what could of been a good twist on the action genre given the subject matter. I decided to comment after seeing this get 8.0 here on IMDb. That's a sad commentary on something in society. This movie can be summed up as "geriatric Jean Claude." I'll also mention that if you want to produce unbelievable nonsense like this, you should try to create characters the audience can actually care about to some degree. The key point here, though, is that everything was as unlikely as possible. The daughter just happens to be kidnapped by sex slave traders. The father just happens to be some sort of "black ops" expert, etc. This really comes across as the fantasy (or nightmare) of a guy having a mid life crisis. I suggest buying a red corvette instead, but if you can't afford it, I guess you can always rent "Taken." If this is even a "fair" movie, Bronson's "Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects" should have cleaned up at the Oscars! I won't waste any more of my time on this. i am serious here if you watch this film your precious time will be taken & you will have nothing but regret.what made Lian Neeson join this project is money only nothing more,if you see the script of this film you will laugh its more ridiculous then a Steven sea-gal movie,i really like Steven but he is making bad movies nowadays hope he brings something new but Liam Neeson is always my favorite ever since i saw him in batman begins 2005,plus what is Famke Jansen(golden-eye 1995) doing her shes is a fantastic actress now this bad film is added into her career.look at the plot here its a good plot ruined by foolish elements thrown in the story,an ex CIA guy goes to Europe to save his beloved daughter she was kidnapped by some Albanian thugsBrayan(Liam) talks to kidnapper's & speed jumps to Paris like superman, OK i get it its a movie but didn't we all see this type of films before,Clint Eastwood made a film like that too i remember i wont compare this to other films because its a insult,the story was about the dude and his daughter so why the hell his wife and other guys are involved and where is the damn police in France,its a straight to DVD film gone theatrical id say.the cast is good,the actions scenes are worse then Wesley Snipes movie,if you like Liam Neeson and Famke Janseen then go ahead watch it otherwise stay away,its a bad film from start to end with a bad climax.My Rating is 1/10 one of the worst film of Liam Neeson so beware this film will cost you money and time,all taken nothing given. I cannot believe that this film achieved an average score of 8 out of 10 on IMDb. I was actually gob smacked and disturbed by this film.It seems to be a twisted modern day fable from Hollywood which teaches rich teenage girls that leaving the shores of the USofA, will result in becoming a drug addicted sex slave! Eventually sold to some Arabs, you must admire Hollywoods ability to shoe horn Arab's into being the bad guys at the end.Some of the action scenes in this film were good, if it wasn't for the vile under current, then it would be be a passable bit of no brain action circa a 4 out of 10 but there is no way in the world that this is an 8 out of 10 film. I checked IMDb before getting me the Blu-ray. It said 7.9, wow. So I was looking forward to watch a thrilling movie at home on a Friday night. But what did I get? Liam Neeson recently made some poor decisions concerning the characters he represented on the screen, I already thought he might be running out of money. Dumb stereotypes like the bitching ex-wife, her new of course old and rich husband, a retarded daughter of 17 who acts all the way like a 7 years old and the Neeson character himself, the ex-CIA torturer / killer, but therefor ridiculously enough all loving and righteous are totally insulting each educated public's intelligence. But even worse are all those cheap prejudices against people from the Balkan states or Arabia. Of course they are all criminals without exception and are invading countries that like to see themselves as the crown of civilization, which is nothing less than sheer fascism. Following this perspective it is only logical and without a shadow of a doubt allowed to kill each and every of these "parasites" in the most violent ways, which are all shown detailed to guarantee a most disgusting pleasure. Of course Liam Neeson being a deadly one man army with no scruples whatsoever kills an entire legion of these subhuman beings throughout the film, which finally presents us the most predictable and sugar-coated happy end. What have we been served? A trigger happy superior white man who blows away all the low life crooks from evil countries where everybody has a darker skin and can never be anything nothing more than woman trafficking cockroaches that need to be squashed as they deserve it. Again: this is only one thing: fascism on screen. Quo Vadis, Liam Neeson? Don't waste your time on this. 7.9 on IMDb is a total joke. The storyline is thinner than your average weekend movie. Liam Neeson is acting is if he were Clint Eastwood that got stuck in a terrible script. Really, this movie is really very, very bad. If you really want to waste some of your precious time on this: be my guest. But don't feel sorry after wards. Actually, giving a movie a flat zero is not possible on IMDb, which is a shame. This movie totally deserves it, from the acting performances to the script. The really funny thing is of course is that this joke of a movie got two sequels no less. Two, yes two. Hollywood, go home, you're drunk. David Fincher's adaptation of the Stieg Larsson novel is an embarrassment. Fincher manages to reveal all the wrong details at all the wrong moments, effectively destroying any mystery or suspense to the story of the missing girl. Which, despite being the center of the book, is merely glossed over and instead we get unnecessarily graphic rape/sex scenes and a jumbled storyline. Nearly the entire cast give sub-par performances, particularly the main character. Mara Rooney couldn't be less believable as Salander. It was garbage. I can't believe this unoriginal piece of trash managed to get nominated for multiple Oscars. What a shame. The main story of the movie, at least based on screen-time and storyline, is discovering the killer in a supposed murder committed 40 years ago, however there's a lot of time dedicated to Lizabeth's life that leads to nothing, especially the ugly rape scenes, that after seeing the ending of the movie, I found completely irrelevant to the story, if the idea was to show her past and all the mess that was her life, a couple of minutes of a review of her files would have been enough.Some of the reviews that I have read claim that on the book, Lizabeth's life and his will to make a stand against violence against women was the main story of the movie, if that's the case then the director made a mess of the story and the movie is worst than I have rated it, because there's no way to get to that conclusion after watching it.Also I still don't get the first ten minutes of paint and Trent Reznor's music, totally out of place. I have a strange relationship with the story of 'The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo'.On a long international flight back home, it was the only book I could find in English in the bookshop that didn't have a blerb that made me vomit. Over-hyped though it was, I thought it would fit the bill, and it did. It helped keep me sane over the cramped hours.Then I saw this version of the film, and it didn't make any real impression.Eventually, I discovered it was a remake and went and sought out the Swedish original.So - read the book and saw both film versions. You might conclude that I must really like the story, and hold the author in great esteem?I regret this is not the case, oh dear me no.Without wishing to insult Mr. Larsson's ghost, I'm afraid I think his book is boring and over-rated - it certainly didn't motivate me to read the other two. And I've read much better mysteries that could have been made into films.I think the Swedish version is a rather good film that removes some of the book's tedium, but it's still nothing that I'd label as an "enduring classic" or some such hyperbole.I think this version, now I have the context of the real film, the original, is a steaming abortion and frankly rather embarrassing:The opening credits are idiotic, grating, and inappropriate: telegraphing that wheels had fallen off.Rooney Mara's performance is shockingly, appallingly bad. Perhaps it was the script and a completely talentless director? I don't know.Daniel Craig mailed-in his performance.Everyone but Craig has absurd Swedish accents but speak in English.The music is god-awful, sorry Trent but it is, it's totally wrong for the film.It's almost a shot-for-shot remake of the original, but in a purely colour-by-numbers, box-ticking way.Everything is More, Bigger, Longer, like a Spielberg effort. The sets are bigger, the vehicles are bigger, the houses are bigger, the rooms are bigger, and everything is stretched out as much as it can be, but without any added finesse.A cardboard and lacklustre, going-through-the-motions, rubbish film.And even more boring than the book.------ I will start out writing that I never read the books or watched the original movie. I'm writing this based just on the film that was presented and nothing else. That being stated, this film was a tedious, convoluted mess of nonsense, graphic rape-torture, and mostly stereotyped uninspired casting.I am not going to give a detailed synopsis, you can get that elsewhere. All I will say is the plot has something to do with an industrialist who hires Daniel Craig to find out who killed his niece. The graphic rape-torture scenes make you feel like you are watching a snuff film. The casting of the rapist was almost laughable. A fat, creepy looking Yorick van Wageningen plays the rapist. The reality is rapists look like everyone else. I'm surprised he did not have an eye patch and a scar on his face. Another point, what predator (Wageningen) would pick a would be victim who he knows has a history of unpredictability, violence, and works for a security company! Totally unrealistic.I really do not understand the people who love this film. I think their positive reviews say more about them then it does the movie.... First of all let me call Lizbeth the Wild Wonder Woman. She is certainly wild with the hair, clothes and stainless steel and she is a bit of a wonder with her ability to take over any computer on the planet. Also all the computers that she takes over belong to people who keep their whole lives on their laptops including their banking records, their life's history,the codes to their accounts in the Cayman Islands etc.It's all there waiting for WWW. Also she has a wonderful relationship with various police forces, all she has to do is walk in and ask for what she wants and she gets it. Certainly a WWW.Christopher Plummer's offspring disappeared 40 years ago and he has decided that she is dead and not only that but murdered by a member of the family and he has devoted the 40 years to unmasking the killer without result. So he calls in Daniel to solve the mystery.The problem with this is that there is no reasonable cause or rationale for making this assumption. So you have to see it as a plot facilitator and a poor one.Daniel's investigation proceeds with Lizbeth's help and seems to consist mainly of looking at old photos. No divulging of the ending but there is the identification of a couple of serial killers which makes as much sense as Curly did in the Three Stooges. All together way too long and a waste of your time. The sound, and music are without doubt the worst my wife and I have had to endure in any motion picture foreign or domestic. The so called suspense sounds are ridiculously ineffective. The noise, so called music, distract from the dialog, making it impossible to hear in some instances. Evidently actors no longer find it necessary to speak distinctly. Surely they weren't taught that in their training. It has become the norm to mumble, and slur words,particularly when speaking softly. Scenes with "whispering" are totally incoherent. A few years ago we attended the holiday concert of a 200 +/- man chorus in Boston. One of the pieces was totally pianissimo. You could understand every word. No excuse for lack of diction, nor in the noise blotting out speech. The foreign / Swedish version was infinitely better. Blabber about the Swedish versus US version, standing in line, all that hype. I manage to squeeze myself and my girlfriend in one of the smaller theaters in the city, as the large ones have been under assault since the beginning of the phenomenon. Movie starts, they start speaking English with a reverential accent toward the European and Nordic chef d'oeuvre. The enumeration of Swedish cities starts, just to state that this is not an attempt to dampen the color and depth of the original masterpiece. We meet the male lead David, who just got his arse handed over from Goliath. Needs to get away from the hassle. Lick the wounds. No cliché there. I notice a wall light is not working along the narrow hall way in the theater. Pretentious introductions of the very special family follow. Just like in a wrestling event we are being introduced with all the participants and prepared just for how twisted and awful they are. Then more stalling. More landscape. This is where I first look around and notice the led lights around the steps. I start finding them fascinating. I'm thinking about going out to smoke a cigarette. I remember, I don't smoke. DAMN!No doubt the light must affect the psyché of people in a Nordic country, I'm thinking. Let's see the monsters now. There's the rapist, but most importantly the only character in this story who ever outsmarts punky girl in a supposedly smart thriller, because from now on it's mission impossible for her. She turns into bike-hacker extraordinaire. Back to the storyline. More landscape and sterile interior design. The end.Just kidding, I purposely left the most important aspect for last. The cat and mouse game with the killa. There's a cat in the movie, does that count? No mouse. No game. The killa...what's special about him? The actor is actually Swedish. Hmm, just another layer to the story, better said trivia section. I remember I forgot to buy a bottle of wine for this evening. DAMN!Next: Punky beats Goliath Jane Bond style, THE END. Or is it? I remember, it's a trilogy, DAMN!You think my comment was long? Try watching the movie. You'll wish you were in attendance at an insurance seminar. At least there you would have a window to look out of. Fincher's The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo suffers from the same inanimate feel about it as did Panic Room from 2002. And although both attempts were admirable, it does seem that Fincher needs more intricacies in the subplot and less obviousness in the screenplay than both Panic Room and the film in review had to offer. As it is, the film just barely manages to make you care about a tale involving a wrongfully convicted journalist and a female hacker who looks too preposterously edgy/angry/victimized to be anywhere near believable. The multiple stories they tried to cram into one film, which probably is the fault of the source material, seems highly incompatible. Either make a film about the brutalized and haunted life of a young woman, or make a whodunit. By the time the two main stories came together, I had lost all hope for the film to become less derivative and kooky. Even the soundtrack by Reznor felt completely fake as it was a mere echo of his previous work on his Oscar winning score for the Social Network. Really nothing in this film concealed the true intentions of the producers with the box office revenues in mind.In this, the film is every inch as bad as The Mysterious case of Benjamin Button in which Fincher also managed to thoroughly overproduce a flimsy idea with no real interesting story behind it. It's time Fincher made a new deal with Andrew Kevin Walker and create another Se7en. Being a producer's wife is a sore waste of his amazing talents as a director.51/100 Watching Fincher's remake was so much like deja vu that I wondered if the director had simply employed CGI artists to superimpose American and English faces over Swedish ones. I also wondered how Hollywood gets away with this level of grotesque artistic plagiarism. Niels Arden Oplov must surely be outraged because this is more his film than Fincher's. This is a remake with absolutely no creative effort put in-except for those appallingly unnecessary and unconvincing faux-Swedish accents. Why even bother? All I can think is Fincher was under contract to make his film identical to Oplov's, but using English language. The girl with the dragon tattoo is perhaps Finchers weakest effort with a cut and paste rendition of the Swedish original that couldn't hold my interest either. Although beautifully shot in the lavish Finsheresque style, the story of a talented young investigator who teams up with a journalist to unravel a 40 year old mystery belongs in an episode of Inspector Morse rather than in a 3 hour long attempt to warp time.From the completely out of place opening sequence up, I was thoroughly annoyed that the film couldn't grab and hold my attention for even more than 3 consecutive scenes. It in stead annoyed the hell out of me with the incompatible soundtrack compiled from the left-overs of Trent Reznor's previous soundtrack for The Social Network. Perhaps even more annoying are the two completely unconnected stories that take forever to intertwine and didn't spark an iota of interest in the outcome of the story or the fate of the protagonists.There is Zero character development, a totally forgettable scenario combined with a a far too linear, thin and familiar plot culminating in an inescapable conclusion which all the same didn't make any sense unless the killer wanted to be caught.Watching this, I had trouble resisting the urge to do the laundry.3/10 well well i thought that after destroying Let the right one in (Låt den Rätte Komma in) by making such a s**t remake Hollywood won't do it similar things anymore but they had to like always they need to destroy things Girl with dragon tattoo (Män Som Hatar Kvinnor) is great movie, great acting and directing everything, so David Fincher thought he can earn so made re-make of the same movie with same story just with Hollywood stars who honestly sucked in this, special girl who acted Lisbeth she ain't up knees to Noomi Rapace who did same role in original, anyway this is one more tragedy that come from united states of Hollywood from directors who don't have anymore ideas so they are stealing from others and when u doing a re-make you need to do it better if u can't get the f*** of it,,,,,,,, if u really wanna do favor to people don't do other two from trilogy the original version of the girl with the dragon tattoo (2009) was the best movie. Noomi Rapace was and still is the better actress. plus why is it, that the American version of Lisbeth Salanderthe is so dirty and filthy. in the original film she was clean and nice. yes she had tattoos and a Mohawk hair stile and body piercing but she was very clean and intelligent and nice. But, the American version totally made her look like a slut, prostitute. Americans stereotyping people. Even Daniel Craig should have declined this role he is not better than Michael Nyqvist actually, Michael Nyqvist is better than he is. People go get the original 2009 version of the movie on DVD. that is the only one must see version. Huge spoiler alerts by the way so tread cautiously. I also had to re-write this because I'm only allowed a max of 1000 words. If you didn't read the books, you won't understand what's going on and why and if you did read the books this movie will only annoy the living hell out of you. The Lisbeth Salander character was stripped down so badly that I didn't recognize what Fincher or anyone was going for. Her physical demeanor was just plain wrong to the point of skittish. The most offensive part is they didn't build her up to be a girl/woman who's been through way more than most, and is obviously a fighter, and then attacked by her second guardian, they just said, here's a weird looking chick and while we're at it here's a rape scene that we could of just left with the idea when the door closed because everyone knew that was going to happen, no we'll just show the whole thing. The first 10 minutes of the movie was just a huge "What the hell is this?!". TheThe Mikael Blomkvist character was bland, charmless and just seemed like a guy being led around by his nose the entire time. Not one ounce of drive came out of him that should have been there. He was a pointless lump. Also, somehow they attempted to cram the first two books into one movie. Huge mistake they left so much plot out doing it, the movie just looked like a series of 5 to 10 minute unattached movie scenes. Martin Vanger didn't have an accident, he killed himself. Mikael never went into Martins house he was brought into it buy gun point. Lisbeth never told anyone she was insane, never told Mikael herself that she had a guardian or burned her father. Harriet was never under everyone's nose during the entire book. Mikael actually had a weird relationship with one of the Vanger women, instead that plot point just went to hell.This movie is so far off the reservation from the books and characters that I just sat there realizing that if I hadn't read the books I would have no clue what was going on. Because I read the books I was so unabashedly horrified by what was done to the books I couldn't believe it. If Fincher and the writers were going for an art film to put out for new adults with no attention spans, mission accomplished. If they actually meant for anyone that read the books to care about the characters, they must have been off somewhere patting themselves on the back having a sandwich. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone even if the movie was a "loose take" of the books, if it was just a good movie in and of itself, but it wasn't. As a movie alone and as a movie based on the books, it's terrible. No character development, the plot was lost in clips. I'm just going to tell people to read the books and don't bother wasting your time on the movie until it's free on cable because at least you can turn it off and not feel cheated. Enjoyed the book? You will NOT enjoy the movie. There were so many unnecessary changes and edits. First of all, the storyline was changed and watered down. You never really get a feel for how important the research is that Blomvkist is doing, or rather how important it becomes to him and to Salander. You don't get a feel for what life was like for Blomvkist in Hedestat, especially in regards to the relationships he built while he was there (namely Cecelia). The ending is very different from the book and SO boring in comparison. Also, the sequence of events was changed, all of them pointless changes. Also, there was no depth to the whole Wennerstrom affair, so the beginning just seemed random.The characters in the movie are not like the characters in the book. They changed the personalities of Dirch, Harald, and even Salander. Dirch was rude and unfriendly; Harald come off somewhat pleasant instead of mean, rude, and insane; and they did not make Salander rude or antisocial enough, which was one of my biggest disappointments. In the movie she actually delivers an apology for something, which I found extremely disappointing as that completely goes against her character, Salander is not an apologetic person. She does what she does and doesn't give a damn what anyone thinks. Blomkvist's relationship with Berger, and even with Millennium, was was not prominent enough in the movie. His "romance" with Salander seemed completely forced and extremely weird since Salander seems so obviously not to be Blomvkist's type.So much was edited from the book that would have rounded out the characters and made the movie flow and easier to follow. The movie barely scratched the surface of the characters and their relationships to one another. The editing was choppy it always seemed like something was missing.The ONE highlight, which actually wasn't even in the book had to do with Salander and Advoket Bjurman. That part was actually a good addition, and funny. Salander rocks.In closing, it seems like those involved really did not take time or care in telling the story. I just finished the book so everything was fresh in my mind, and needless to say that I was EXTREMELY disappointed. I fell asleep almost a dozen times because I grew so irritated while watching and then my irritation grew to boredom. The movie does the book NO justice, it's actually insulting. Why turn the book into a movie and make so many changes? I've heard that there is a foreign movie version that is much better, but I don't know how to get my hands on a copy.(A MUCH better job has been done with the Twilight series; those movies are exactly like the books, which I knew fans of the book really appreciate.) A movie can be made well (cast & photography) and still not have a worthwhile story to tell. This is such a movie. If you enjoy brutal rape, forced incest, and a serial killer who tortures young women before he butchers them, then you will like this movie. If, instead, you are in the (apparently) shrinking population of movie goers who wish to come out of a movie feeling better, not worse about the human condition, then you should avoid this movie like the plague. It has 3 (not 1, not 2) separate unredeeming stories each more depressing than the one before it. What this movie is not is a mystery story. Because of Hollywood's inability to think beyond typecasting, as soon as I saw the opening credits I knew who "did it" even before I learned what the crime was. If you want to see female nudity in movies, I recommend porno films. At least the women in those appear to be having fun. This movie is for masochists who only enjoy inflicting pain on themselves, or sadists who enjoy seeing pain inflicted on others. The original "Men som hatar kvinnor" movie was more suitable for the plot, because the writer did write it in Swedish NOT in English. From the beginning when the rumors of a English version of "Men som hatar kvinnor". I thought to myself: Is Hollywood out of idea, for a movie? Why most they ruin a good book and a good movie? I know that I had to see this movie, because I am such a huge fan of the original. The movie started by giving me a feeling like I was watching a James Bond movie. All the characters, places and things was in Swedish of course, that made the movie fake because they spoke English throughout the whole movie. This movie was a disappointment for me. I suggest that you buy or rent the Swedish movie "Men som hatar kvinnor" and watch it. I hope they don't make the second movie at all. I'm sure that somewhere on here it has been mentioned that the real title of the book (in Swedish) is "Men Who Hate Women". Just as you might suspect, it's a sick book, in which vile and sickening violence against women (and men!) is wrapped in a thoroughly ridiculous whodunnit. I can understand that the book's American publisher did not think the original title would sell very well, so it was changed to something which, outside of the book itself, has no significance whatsoever. The title change also attempts to change the focus of the book. In Sweden, the book was about men who not only hate women, but about men who hate women so much that just killing them is not enough. In America, the focus turns to a geeky girl who rides a motorbike and uses computers, not knives, to hack her way through complex crimes. The whole Vanger family thing was overdone. I kept visualizing Saturday Night Live doing a parody of this book. A door opens and it's the 2nd cousin once removed and his 3 children. Oostervanhaaven Vanger and Hansoover, Fransoover, and Gertaoover Vanger. Was the Vanger family supposed to be the Kennedys? Let's see. Serial murder and sex. Depraved murder and depraved sex. Forced anal sex, with and without lubricant. Bondage. Rape by father of son. Rape by father of daughter. Rape by brother of sister. Torture. Bird shoved into dead woman's vagina. Dismemberment. Burning of flesh. More dismemberment. Bad acting, zero character development, no atmosphere. It doesn't take it's time to tell the story and everything is rushed through. Rooney Mara is completely unbelievable as Lisbeth Salander. And Daniel Craig has nothing to work with as Mikael Blomquist. Americans should stop being lazy and bother to read subtitles so awful remakes like this can be avoided in the future.I have nothing more to say but IMDb demand 10 lines.CrapCrapCrap Movies like this should make a 0 star rating possible. I was quite enthusiastic about seeing this title, thinking that Hollywood did make a successful remake this time around. God I was so terribly wrong. The movie starts with an intro in an extremely trying-to-look-artsy way, that is so much more than simply boring, than it shouts "uninspired". Yet I sat back, thinking that I haven't seen the real thing yet, thus I must not be all that critical from the beginning. What a mistake. As usual for an American remake, this one is not an exception. The acting by both Craig and Mara was extremely uninspired, just like the intro of the movie, that I mentioned above. I must admit that they did make the effort to actually go and shoot the "thing", meaning the movie in Sweden (yet I failed to understand why did they show the Swedish news in English though). Apart from that Craig looks kind of lost in his part, while Mara's way of recreating Lisbeth was so, so plain. Overall the movie was a huge disappointment for me, yet so boring, I did even fall asleep, right before the hours-mark, when I actually stopped even bothering myself watching it further more. If you did like the novel, or have somehow heard nice things about the original( or even about the remake) just try not torturing yourself with it, but instead go for the real thing. Rapace does pull off an Award winning performance in the original, while the whole movie itself is not to be even compared to the remake whatsoever. I can't see any reason why David Fincher decided to make a remake of "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo", because the original from 2009 is an excellent movie with lots of action, a great story and actors who really knows what they're doing. I wish I could say the same about this version, but Finchers version of "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" is just very boring and tedious - and I think the actors seriously should start thinking about changing career! Not even the good actors (Robin Wright and Stellan Skarsgård) gives any great performances like they normally do! When I first heard they were going to do a remake of the 2009 film, I thought that it might be good - maybe even better than the original. But I was wrong. The original is much better and it's a movie I would ratter watch than this one. OK, this movie makes no sense what so ever! Why even waste time and money making it when there already is a Swedish and original series of movies made?!It's filmed in Sweden, all the names are Swedish, newspapers are in Swedish, well, everything is in Swedish except the language! What's even worse, some characters even have a ( fake? ) Swedish accent!If they now had to make an English version, at least film it England or the US! Use English speaking actors, to watch this version is like watching an American ww2 war movie where the Germans speak English with a German accent!! And yes, I have seen the Swedish version and I am Swedish so I know what I am talking about. Having seen the original trilogy, this lame Sunday school version is a joke. Awkward acting, poor story-line, bad directing, cutting and sound...quite honestly I could just go on and on. There was absolutely nothing I would rate highly in this Tinseltown version of the true original. Fake Swedish accent speaking, ugly and unsympathetic actors running around from A to B without any sense of continuation in the story- line or script. If I hadn't seen the original first, I would have been really confused. Is the US audience really so different that they had to have their own Disney version? I have seen dozens of European classics turned in to this kind of mush. After the story is squeezed through a one size fits all machine of the Hollywood industry, all the goodness and taste has been removed to leave bite size, easy to digest goop with just a hint of added coloring and flavoring. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is a series of scenes of sadomasochistic torture. The most graphic scene depicts a large adult male violating a female who has the body of a pubescent girl. There are other, less graphic scenes where males are subject to sadomasochistic torture. There is a series of still photographs of women who have been subjected to sadomasochistic torture. Audience members who are attracted to that activity, or fantasies of it, will very much want to see this film. They will be rewarded by it. The film will inspire some to pursue the opportunity to violate women and girls. The filmmakers will profit from others' pain. A flimsy, utterly vanilla murder plot – a plot out of a C-grade episode of "Columbo" – is the excuse for the exploitation scenes. A girl named Harriet disappeared forty years ago from a rich family's private island in Sweden. If you're at all curious as to what happened to Harriet, do yourself a favor and perform a google search of the film's title plus the word "spoiler." You'll soon discover how vapid the plot is. The biggest mystery of the film is why all these people ostensibly living in Sweden speak English with variations on Scandinavian accents, accents that roll around unevenly between Helsinki and Vienna. Robin Wright's accent is best. Christopher Plummer's is worst. Daniel Craig doesn't even try (memories of his uneven Polish accent in "Defiance.") Harriet is being pursued by Daniel Craig, a reporter, and Lisbeth, the eponymous heroine. Lisbeth is strictly a male fantasy who could never exist in real life. She is less real than the blow-up doll Ryan Gosling fell in love with in "Lars and the Real Girl." Lisbeth has superhero powers on a computer, with weapons, on a motorcycle, and in international finance, but she is helpless when men attempt to assault her. Make the woman powerful and then violate and humiliate her: a classic motif of misogynist porn. Lisbeth has the body of a pubescent girl, and you get to see every inch of it. For the gentlemen's club crowd, Lisbeth does girl-on-girl action, but, in the end, her job is to make the male lead, and viewer, happy.As part of the film's pretentious overlay, there are lots of interior shots of Swedish furniture and exterior shots of snow. Chair. Snow. Wind. Torture. Lather. Rinse. Repeat. The film is boring. The attempts to create tension are pathetic and hackneyed. A character is alone in an archive at night. Suddenly a door is heard closing. OOOO boogedy boogedy! I'm really scared now! Evidence is pieced together and suddenly one realizes who the antagonist is. And the antagonist is creeping up upon the hero even at that very moment! Be still my heart. A killer talks for a really long time before dispatching the victim, thus potentially giving a rescuer a chance to arrive. Wow, I've never seen THAT done before! There is a completely pointless series of scenes tacked on at the end relating to high finance. So much for narrative tension and drive. Trent Reznor's score is endlessly irritating in its neediness: "Listen to me! Listen to me! Listen to me! I'm doing something really edgy here!" I kept thinking of Bernard Herrmann's amazing shower scene music from "Psycho," music that seemed to just be the natural sound that scene would make, music that was a seamless part of the terror. No such moments in "Tattoo." What else. Rich people are bad. Nazis are really, really bad. Rich Nazis are really, really, really bad. Fat people are worst of all. The Bible causes people to become serial killers who hate women. Interestingly, boring, pretentious torture porn, apparently, does not cause people to become serial killers who hate women. Every other Swedish home has an extensively equipped torture chamber – you missed that at IKEA, didn't you? Well, the stores ARE really big. Torture is such a popular national pastime in Sweden that you have to wonder how they make time to prepare their famous meatballs, never mind Volvos. Tourists traveling to Sweden must learn to say, "Don't tase me, Bro," in Swedish, and should never, ever drop the soap. Don't waste your time on this extremely useless remake of a superb original movie. Watch the original instead (assuming your are capable of watching a movie in another language) Lame and that is me being generous with words. One of the only movies where I wanted to get up and leave. 