Awful film. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Poor writing, cringe worthy acting if you can call it that. As with many American comedies it's extremely childish while trying to be of some shock value about white people and in particular white girls/women. Imagine two white comedians doing black face of African American women. Maybe Louis CK and Jonah Hill.Oh wait, they're not white, but you get the picture.Just more typical double standards. Stupid, racist crap.I don't suspect that a white movie making whites into blacks and making fun of them would go over very well, but this is apparently different in some way, as whites are the butt of the rather unfunny joke. Lump this piece of crap in with "soul plane." What about the makeup effects??? Did ANYONE in the universe think that those two racist idiots looked even slightly like real humans, rather than poorly made-up mannequins? Why, oh why, did the studio give this movie the go ahead? I can promise you that NO studio would allow a white filmmaker and a white cast to do the exact opposite of this movie, yet it is obviously okay for them to put out this blatantly racist piece of tripe. I've seen clips of this film & so went in with very low expectations & was still somehow disappointed.Apart from the obvious double standards the jokes are terrible with no real plot & a lit of racism...but it's ok it's the other way.If it was 2 white actors dressing as black women saying "You go Girlfriend" whilst clicking their fingers & other cliches, this would be deemed offensive. If this movie was changed to "Black Chicks" and had a white cast pretending to be black, this would have been THROWN OUT OF THEATERS!!! There would have been demands for apology and CNN would be covering the aftermath... But since it is black folks in white face, totally acceptable.I don't care how funny anybody thinks this movie is, it is the perfect example of racism that isn't seen as racism because it is black folks doing it to white folks.The makers of this movie should be made to apologize and it should be removed from any store shelves.If you found this movie funny and cannot see how racist it is, well then you are the problem. I just had to write a few lines here to express my concern over how this movie can be rated 5 out of 10 on IMDb. I can watch a bad movie and laugh out loud over how bad it is, and afterwards still feel that it was worth watching. White Ghost anyone? :)This movie is worth a negative score if it was possible... Its PURE crap in its purest form.It is of course my personal opinion but if you think you can get anything out of this movie you are wrong. Its not a feel-good movie or anything, its just plain ugly...Bring back some quality comedies please. This is absolutely, hands down the worst movie I have seen in years. I was looking for an easy watch but Jesus! I was handed this movie after a long days work and was disgusted just reading the title. I was informed that it was "actually hilarious" so turned my brain off for a couple of hours of "bubble gum comedy". Now I understand some people take a while to twig on to a joke, but why the incessant pauses after a really small and lame joke? most of the so called punch lines were strained to say the least, with nothing other than toilet humor and bad taste behind them, sure you may want to giggle, but then move on! The makeup and jokes were so bad, the script was written for 12 year olds and the stereo types were actually "too much".....like "too stereotypical" and I didn't think that could be done.Utter trash. This is not a film. It is a psychological test.
If you like it you are mad.
Who believes two black men are two white girls? Who? Basically this is an overlong, unfunny, action/comedy. First of all I'd like to say that I did enjoy the Wayans brother Scary Movie (1) and the sequel had it's moments. Unfortunately white chicks doesn't even deliver HALF the laughs. The humour in it is absolutely crude. If you like burping, farting, stupid catchphrases you should probably look at this. When it isn't crude it's idiotic. The first 10 minutes of the film gave everything away to me, totally unfunny, simply idiotic. However I watched the whole thing since I was with a friend (otherwise I wouldn't have bothered). The story is undeniably thin, it was in scary movie too but there at least the laughs were quick and constant. I think this is probably one of the main problems too with this film, the laughs don't come quick enough. Some jokes are dragged out too long when they're more disgusting than funny in the first place. If you prefer your comedy with a few brain cells then just avoid this. If you want a silly comedy with more laughs then look at scary movie, airplane, hotshots 1 + 2. 1/10 Completely unfunny, Thin storyline, A film that seems to be based on one idea (i.e. what if we dressed up as white chicks for a film?) but simply didn't have enough material. I am astounded that anybody would say that this is a great movie. I understand that this is a comedy, but the whole plot is unbelievable. The two men don't look white, like women, or the people they are posing as. It is unrealistic to think that these girls friends wouldn't notice that the friends they see every day have grown a foot and a half and have mens bodies. All of the jokes in this movie are lame. The only thing that made me laugh was the big black guy singing in the car, and that certainly is not enough to make this movie watchable. The people responsible for bringing this piece of crap to the theatres should be ashamed of themselves. I would not recommend this movie to anybody. It's just so difficult to wrap your head around how gut-wrenchingly atrocious this thing is. Imagine being trapped in your worst nightmare for almost two hours and you have some vague idea of what it's like to sit through this pile of trash.It's just so inept and meaningless. When a film can't justify it's own existence, then you're better of just burning the negative and pretending it never happened. It doesn't generate a single laugh (except out of sheer embarrassment for the actors) and there's zero social commentary because every character is such a poorly written cliché that you can't get past how over-the-top they are.No one seems to be enjoying what they're doing, the editing is atrocious, all attempts at humor rely solely on the lowest possible juvenile sensibilities and the plot conceit is so entirely implausible that this film just defines 'bomb. Really, it's that bad. I was forced to watch this (for a girl, of course) and still can't believe my eyes. I really want to vomit.ANYONE who claims to like it, or find this a guilty pleasure, should crawl out of the wall they live in and see at least one more movie. If you think this is tolerable, then pretty much ANY other film ever made (no matter what it is) will seem like a magical masterpiece sent straight from heaven. I'd love to see this movie done with the races swapped. Someone really needs to sit down with the Wayans', explain how terrible their work is, maybe bring some clips of it to help illustrate that point. Seriously, are they simply surrounded by a mix of yes-men and people too worried they'll be accused of prejudice against African-Americans? Keenen Ivory... stop directing, please. You're not very good at it(unless I'm Gonna Git You Sucka is the exception to the rule... I sincerely doubt that Little Man is, and those are the only two I've yet to watch). Shawn and Waylon... just plain stop. Damon... what the heck happened to the show you had, titled after yourself, man, that had *hilarious* moments. And all of you, do not write again. If the gag isn't doesn't make us laugh the first time, why would it help to repeat it? That happens several times in this. The material consists mainly of offensive stereotypes, and making fun the Hilton sisters(and types like them) and fashion and such, and anyone who'd enjoy this flick are already making those jokes, so why bother? Frankly, nobody their behavior is plenty enough, nobody has to make an effort to mock them. Everybody here is a soulless caricature. The misunderstandings and their solutions all seem like they were rejected from lousy sit-coms. Part of the problem is, while the make-up is well-done, the audience are not fooled, and that makes it tough to accept that everyone in the movie is. If you want to laugh at men in drag for an entire motion picture, go for Some Like it Hot, or at least Mrs. Doubtfire. This merely tries to gross us out and hopes we'll confuse that for humor. The DVD has three featurettes. There is strong language and pretty explicit sexual stuff. At least there is eye candy. I recommend this solely to fans of the brothers. 1/10 Do Movie Producers Really Think We are This Stupid?I have been seeing previews for this horrifyingly bad movie, White Chicks almost non-stop. It makes me wonder- what kind of idiot would want to go see a movie like this? 1. Men dressing up as women to solve a crime is no longer funny (was it ever?) Its been done about a million times. 2. The "white people are so lame jokes" are played out and no longer funny- in fact, they're offensive. Yeah, they might have been funny when Eddie Murphey did them in the 80's, or when Richard Pryor did them before that, or when Red Foxx did them before that.I guess the no-talent Wayans brothers thought everyone would think that hip black guys dressing up as lame white women would make for a hillarious combination. It doesn't- and I don't even have to go see the movie to make that statement. Simple turn on the WB and watch how white people are portrayed in every sit-com- its rude and its offensive, and if the table was turned, there would be outrage. ...and men dressing up as women hasn't been funny since Tootsie (Was it even funny then?). Tacky but funny in some parts. However in the new age of sensitivity and political correctness this move needs to be removed from circulation, as some people would find it very degrading and offensive. It's unappealing cheap comedy that doesn't rub two brain cells together.I won't say it's racist. However, a race being played by another race in a mocking fashion screams of ignorance and bigotry of cinematic and racial history. The Wayans have a history of just not being funny in their writing, or screenplay and this is the embodiment of it. ... The idea being, of course, for the Wayans brothers to somehow need to disguise themselves as the title suggests. Since, in the real world, this would be a situation that no sensible person would possibly get themselves into; the reasons for such action to be taken are of course highly implausible. That's not what I'm here to complain about though. I knew the idea going in; but I had hoped that they could still make the best use of it with the aid of charming performances and comical situations. I'm still hoping - no incentive exists for any sane person to watch this, at all.There have been accusations of racism thrown around since this film was released. I don't want to get into that; what I will say, however, is that altering one's skin colour for laughs isn't funny these days because it's not sophisticated. It has nothing to do with whether or not it might be offensive; but timing and techniques have moved on in such a way that you have to work harder to get a laugh, now. If you went down to a comedy club, and there was an act there that used either boot polish or chalk to discolour themselves, you'd likely expect more thought to have gone into the routine than such a simplistic process on its own. You'd be looking for some meaning, or else quick-fire gags in addition to it. If there's any rationale behind this plot at all, it's to spoof the 'airhead princess' social type. This species is so annoying, however; that I'd much rather get rid of them altogether than even make fun of them!Like the characters, the humour is shrill and grating; making it all but impossible to identify in any way with the performers, or to even chuckle slightly at the misadventures that are concocted. I'll be honest; I enjoyed the original "Scary Movie", but I'm still wholly unconvinced about the ability of the brothers to garner genuine laughs from an idea of solid construction, as opposed to relying on skits. I'm not saying it to incite fans of this movie, or to exaggerate my point - but I can honestly say that this has been one of the only instances in all my time of watching movies where the experience has actually pained me, inside. Keenan Ivory Wayans is probably one of the worst directors, i swear he has no real knowledge on how to make films. he has made one brilliant film and that is scary movie. scary movie 2 was OK too but everything else Keenan has made are real disasters. avoid such titles like don't be a menace to south central while drinking your juice in the hood..... i know, what a title !!! obviously this film too, just anything that has Keenans name in the credits.it was an hour and a half on stupid nonsense that never made me laugh. just trust me on this, maybe women might like this film a little because of some of things that happen but on a whole this film will never be liked by anyone with a good taste in films........ 1/10.......j.d Seaton This movie is utterly ridiculous! From the stupid storyline to the worst makeup job I've ever seen in a film. They look like two people wearing horrible puffy white masks. They look ridiculous!! They don't look real! They don't look like white chicks at all! And they especially don't look at all like the two girls they're trying to impersonate. They stand out like a sore thumb. Now I know some people are going to try to argue that it's just a movie. Just enjoy it. Well what's to enjoy. I'm insulted that someone would actually expect me to just accept that these two people are SUPPOSED to be passed off as white girls. All I would say to you is, shame on you. The only thing that's funny about this film is the fact that we are expected to believe that two people could pass themselves off as white chicks with that makeup. I feel sorry for anyone stupid enough to even want to see something like this. Have some respect for yourself and see something worth seeing. You'll be stupider just by watching this travesty of a film. this was a complete and total waste of my time. when i watched this trainwreck all that i could think was, "instead of bringing FBI makeup artist to make to black guys look like white chicks, why not just use their skill to cover the scratches on the two women's nose and mouth?" not only did Marlon and Shawn Wayons not look anything like two young white girls, but the plot was terrible, obvious and not funny at all. i was expecting to laugh at some sub-conscience hidden nugget of funny, but was sadly disappointed. the little fool who goaded me into watching this hunk of crap tried to convince me that the poop scene was funny, but it was obvious, played out and way too immature. i would like to see Hollywood finally accept that crossdressing comedies, especially interracial crossdressing comedies are just as played out and not funny as matrix parodies and star wars "i am your father" lines. i was disappointed, because i was pleased with scary movie and giggled at the sequel, but this was awful, and i knew that going into it. what a hunk of crap. This is the single worst movie I have ever seen I can only thank god that I didn't waste my own money watching this crap. Omit about 35 seconds of funny moments and you have the most inane, assine, boring, stupid movie ever. This movie makes not another teen movie look Oscar worthy it was that bad. I don't know what else to say but this is crap. If you wanna know more about the plot etc. read other posts because I'm not going to waste my time covering it. If you actually enjoyed this movie I implore you to stand up and justify yourself. And people giving this a 10 come on. I'm shocked its not on the hundred worst of all time list yet. 1 out 10 If you must watch this I suggest you borrow from some poor sucker who actually paid to rent or even worse bought it because I wouldn't waste my money on it. I suppose I shouldn't write a review, as I left twenty minutes into this film. However, I will at least comment on principle.This film was doomed from the start. The already-ridiculous story was -- surprisingly -- accented by terrible acting from the Wayans brothers themselves.A film of this nature is directed entirely at pre-teenage girls who can relate to the ditzes on screen. I was embarrassed to appear in the theater that it was playing in.I give the film ONE STAR, on effort. Hopefully, the Wayans know what they're really doing with their career. The Wayans brothers - Keenen Ivory Wayans (director,co-screenwriter) together with Shawn and Marlon Wayans (lead stars,co-screenwriter) - work together in a buddy cop comedy that one can only describe as obvious,unfunny and silly.It tells a story of brothers and fellow FBI agents Marcus and Kevin Copeland who disguised themselves as Caucasian female who agree to escort socialite sisters Brittany and Tiffany Wilton from the airport at JFK Airport to their hotel room in the Hamptons as both are being targeted by a serial kidnapper.They did this to renew the confidence of the higher ups after a drug bust they messed up as regular guys.One can only see that it provides nothing else except unfunny jokes,raunchy humor that could be classified as bathroom jokes and a brainless social commentary.It only does nothing except insult the viewer's intelligence and nothing more. I thought this film disappointed its preview ratings. It was made out to be a huge film, yet turned out pretty pathetic. I could've sworn I saw people walking out of the cinema...it really was that bad! Had I have not been with a large group of friends, I would have seriously been contemplating leaving. The best bit had to have been the first part of the film where the agents made a huge mistake and spoiled a chance of arresting some drug associated people. AND that wasn't even that funny! I mean how can I explain a film that bored me so much I fell asleep? The only few reasons I went to see the film were: I had nothing better to do; wanted to see my friends; and the film had a high rating. Well I think people should learn to judge a lil' better! And as I said with my nothing better to do, I seriously think I should've stayed at home - that way I would've been bored WITH somewhere comfortable to fall asleep! I don't think you should see the film as you would either die of boredom, cry of shame (because you went to see such a BAD film), or fall asleep because it is rubbish! Bloody stupid rehash of 'Some like it hot' (which IS actually funny.)
Totally cr*p, I'm not gonna waste any more space on this film.
Not funny! Will Farrell tea bagging a drum set is not funny. John C. Reilly in bicycle shorts or a Chewbacca mask is not funny. The two stars pulverizing a playground full of eleven-year-olds is also, you guessed it, not funny. In fact, it is desperate and pathetic.It is small consolation that one of the egregious scenes in the movie takes place after the credits roll. Unfortunately though, the aisles and exits at the theatre I saw Step Brothers at were clogged with spectators who, beyond any intelligible reason as far as I can tell, were amused enough by the first 100 minutes to stick around for the encore, so I was stuck.I find it necessary to qualify my above remarks, as well as those I have not yet written down, by saying I do not object to raunchy, low-brow humor. Any one of the images mentioned in the lead of this review could have been as funny as the pie scene in American Pie or the testicle/zipper shot in There's Something About Mary. But there needs to be some context and perhaps a little motivation as well. We need to know why something is funny, and understand how it fits in with the world its movie occupies. The images themselves do not suffice, no matter how shocking or disgusting.If you are not yet familiar with the general set-up of Step Brothers through the movie's excessively aggressive and ubiquitous marketing campaign, it is rather simple. Will Farrell and John C. Reilly play two slacker children- one is forty years old and the other is pushing forty with a short stick- whose successful, motivated single parents get married, and therefore begin the weirdest Brady Bunch type family in movie history. Farrell and Reilly's characters hate each other upon sight and bicker insufferably until they realize they are cut from the same degenerate cloth and then become best pals.Eventually, the father, a revered and important physician played by Richard Jenkins, becomes so enraged by the overgrown adolescents' antics, that he delivers an ultimatum to them. Get jobs and move out by the end of the month. I feel this is all the plot exposition this film deserves, because Step Brothers is more about a series of failed gags and profanity for profanity's sake.I consider myself to have a very high tolerance for explicit, raunchy sexual behavior and an even higher tolerance for foul language, but even I found Step Brothers to be puke-inducing, more than a bit rough. Remember the tea bagging scene mentioned in the lead. We do get to see every hairy inch of Will Farrell's scrotum. It does not advance the plot. It is not the logical conclusion of a series of events. It is not executed with any sort of subtlety or surprise, it is telegraphed a week ahead of time. It serves no function whatsoever except to show Will Farrell's testicles because Farrell, who co-wrote the script with director Adam McKay, thinks it is funny. It is not, and neither are the endless gags which continually use sex, genitalia, cursing, etc. as bludgeons. It is not so much a movie as an exercise in arbitrary weirdness and manic perversion.The clerk who sold me my ticket said that while most of the younger audiences seemed to love the film, many middle-aged moviegoers had left the film enraged, demanding to be refunded. To me, this does not demonstrate a schism in tolerance, but a schism in taste. Today's middle-aged moviegoer grew up with Animal House and Porky's, and was quick to embrace the aforementioned American Pie and There's Something About Mary. And anybody willing to put down ten bucks to see a movie starring the man behind Old School must have been prepared for some politically incorrect humor. However, in Step Brothers it is not funny, just depressing, mean-spirited and reprehensible.Even more depressing, is the fact that there is a kernel of a good idea here. There is endless comedic possibility of two social misfits with Peter Pan complexes who are seemingly oblivious to all real world expectations. Unfortunately, this movie is completely unwilling to push the frontiers of any sort of substance whatsoever. It just falls back on the same safe, broad humor that so many of Farrell's previous efforts are marked by. Worse yet, is that the two lead characters' quirks are made less interesting by the supporting characters in the movie. Everybody is pretty much the exact same. Even the supposed smart, successful people in Step Brothers behave like social deviants, giving Farrell and Reilly nothing to bounce their energy off of. They hardly even stand out as weirdos. Even the straight-laced father succumbs to visions of being a T-Rex. It is not a fantasy, but a goal.There is something potentially fascinating about a successful doctor who aspires to be a member of a different species, one that is extinct to boot, but like so much of the rest of the movie, the joke is undercut by the tone of the rest of the film. The undeniable chemistry between Farrell and Reilly is the only thing that makes this film supportable. They really embody these characters and go all the way with them. Unfortunately, that is all the way to the toilet. The film displays many symptoms of Farrell's classic "Ain't I cute" syndrome.This film makes the classic mistake of believing goofiness is an adequate substitute for wit. All comedy writers, directors, and actors would serve themselves well to observe a few basic lessons. Smart people are funnier than dumb people. Secure, well-adjusted people are funnier than zany outcasts. And most importantly, a bad gag done loudly is even more annoying than the same bad gag performed at a humble volume.In a summer of surprisingly strong major studio releases, Step Brothers does what it can to taint the cinematic gene pool. I hate this movie. It is degrading to the intelligence of anyone who actually condescends to watching it, it offers nothing of worth in any category and it loses itself in a festering ball of pathetic, sorry ass-felching crap that I would rather have a root canal than watch again. It's about two thirty or forty year old guys who live with their single parents. When the parents end up meeting at a business conference of sorts, the two men are forced to try and get along. Well, they don't, and what follows is a gamut of immature genitalia jokes, farting jokes, masturbation jokes and, to top it all off, Will Ferrell's balls rubbing on a drum set. I swear I'm not making that up.So, yeah, the jokes are by far the worst part. Will Ferrell had a hand in writing this screenplay, and to that I say, don't let this man touch any more scripts. Seriously, this is awful. Do you still think jokes about penises and masturbating are hilarious? Do you like watching grown men cry and shout curses at each other at the top of their lungs? Well, then, you're a disgrace to humanity, and this movie is for you! Every moment of this godforsaken piece of cinematic bowel cancer is just painful, every last minute of it. It's clear that there is a story trying to happen here, but when you have dialogue about wanting someone to crawl into your vagina and live there, well, it's a bit hard to let it blossom. I swear, I'm not making that up, either.The worst part about this movie is that our two main characters are supposed to be likable, more so than Will Ferrell's brother character, played by Adam Scott. The brother is made out to be a horrible, obnoxious and rude person who takes pleasure in talking down to and humiliating his older brother, who, if I might remind you, is forty years old and living at home. Yeah, this movie wants us to feel sorry for Will Ferrell and his new buddy, but the problem is that they're even worse and more asinine than the brother is! It doesn't work as an inspirational coming-of-age story not just because the two characters are already OF age, but because we don't like the two main characters! They're insipid, shallow, rude assholes and I just wanted to shoot them for the better part of the story. It doesn't work as a comedy because nothing is funny, it's just sad.Yeah, and there's one part where they try to bury each other alive, which is where the movie officially hits an all time low. It's like something you'd read out of a tabloid newspaper column after you've already read through everything worth reading. Or maybe like something off of one of the online 'weird news' categories. It's pathetic, and all it really does is make you embarrassed to still be watching this movie.So then we get the end of the movie, which turns things around and sees the two guys reforming themselves and starting to live real lives. It is kind of nice, at least as an apology for the rest of the insufferable crap on here, but in the context of the movie? It's like two completely different films mashed together, and it's even kind of insulting that a movie that features insurmountable levels of grotesque and puerile farces against the film industry's integrity would actually try to have, in the same movie as the dialogue about crawling into a woman's vagina, a "moment" between the two brothers. Yes, we're expected now to put down our barf bags and pick up a tissue box. Good god.Well, I don't buy it. This movie is wretched. It is unpleasant, it is unfunny and most of all it is mostly unwatchable. I've never seen anything quite so shameless. This whole movie is actively detestable and hateable. Never before have I seen a movie that made me feel quite this dirty. If you think this movie is funny then you have terrible taste in comedy. Utterly worthless tripe on every level. I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!!!!I wasn't expecting much from this. I did not like Talladega so I knew I will not like this. I saw it because of the good comments it received here. The film depicts two grown up men playing teenagers. Both have a huge parental complex and cannot live if the umbilical is broken. They become step brothers and their behaviour is very predictable. They hate each other in the beginning and they start doing the same old: pranks on one another. Unfortunately, the jokes and ideas these two grown up men have used to be funny when I was twelve. Putting your balls on a drum set, 'gina jokes and all that tasteless humour is beyond me now. This film took everything to the extreme. You had a bad joke but that was not enough. It had to be pushed, and pushed, and pushed until it became so lame that the premise wasn't even funny anymore. The plot thickens when Dale shacks up with Derek's wife. Derek is Will's brother in the movie. Typical brother, very successful but the biggest moron on the planet. So, back to the shacking. That was so random and it lowered the quality. Her lines were taking from a porn film and they were very explicit. The scene where she pees in a cubicle is simply overkill.What was funny in this film, I do not know? Every scene involves explicit sexual organ description or sex related images. Anything from the Apatow stable is devoutly to be avoided by anyone with a sense of humour. Humour involves irony and social commentary, qualities entirely lacking in the Apatow opus. Apatow enjoys laughing at the idiot goyim and giggling about it all the way to the bank. In Apatow comedies, the joke is on the audience. Stepbrothers is more of the same. Two grown men try to do more inane things than each other while acting like nine year-olds. At some point Will Ferrell is sitting on the toilet with his drawers down. He reaches for toilet paper (so we know that he has had a bowel movement) and finds the roller empty. Looking round, he notes the rug that surrounds the pedestal and pulls it up. He is about to turn and wipe his rear with it when -- CLICK! --- I switch off the DVD player and the further adventures of these two morons will never be known. I just saw this movie and i only thought, please register to IMDb to have the right to make a review and rate this movie with the worst rating there is. I never thought that watching a movie would be such a waste of time. The story of two 40 year old adults being mentally in the age of 10. First they are foes, and then they became friends, only for so long to become foes again so they can be friends and stepbrothers again in the end, so they can save the day and live all together happily? Who writes this scripts and who approves them? Sure, some scenes were funny but they don't save the whole impression.Who Wrote the ratings in this page? The producers? PS: I have to give at least one star... No way passing around Simply the worst (scripted, acted and constructed) Ferrell comedy EVER! A lazy, sloppy production. Not even funny (even though it tried so very hard to be). And in the packed theater I saw this in I only heard about 5 laughs (and they weren't very loud). I really wish it had been better.The step brothers' characterizations were all over the place. One minute they're slightly eccentric, the next they're seriously deranged morons. And the film's tedium is almost unbearable (though I did manage to watch it to the end - just in case it got better). It didn't.And why anyone would care about these spoilt, middle class, psychotic losers (especially when they're not funny) is anybody's guess. I hope Ferrell picks more carefully next time. One of the most idiotic films I ever saw. The humor is infantile with an absurd story line. There are a couple of funny jokes between Ferrel and his step-dad but that is about it. It seems as if all of the actors stretch the absurd humor to the limit. None of them give a credible performance with the exception of Jenkins who does a decent job as the father. As the movie progressed, the laughter thinned out in the theater. The story line was reduced to more absurdity as the film neared its conclusion. I wouldn't waste my time or money on this film. Wait for it to come out on DVD. That will probably be in about two weeks. Brennan Huff's mother and Dale Doback's father get married and go to live together. Since Brennan and Dale still live with their parents (even having 40 years old), they need to live as step brothers. They don't like each other and don't get along. The main problem will come when they start to shake their parents' wedding.What a HORRIBLE movie! I haven't laughed even once! It is as bad as ''You Don't Mess with the Zohan '', but even more retarded! (If this is possible!!) How can someone even laugh with those ridiculous situations? The two lead characters seem two retarded men whose main objective is to destroy their family's lives. They behave like babies and they are what? 40 years old? I cannot believe this movie has almost a 7 in its rate. This only proves how many people with bad taste live in the world.Don't even bother to watch this movie, or you are going to lose your time with one of the most pathetic movies ever made by humanity. This has got to be the worst movie that has ever made it into theatres. I cannot see anything funny about this at all. I loved anchorman, I have watched it numerous times, I loved old school, Will Farrel was very funny in that as well. Now I actually had high expectations for this flick and I wish I'd never watched it. I couldn't even sit it through and had to stop at 3/4 of this atrocity. I wish I could delete the scenes of mindless, brain-numbing and not even mediocre attempts at slapstick comedy from my memory.Two apparently deeply disturbed or possibly retarded men, ruining their family's lives over nothing. I have seen better acting done by monkeys in the zoo, though I must admit that the so called humour of this "movie" seems to have gotten a lot of its inspiration from primate behaviour.I do not recommend this crime in the name of comedy to anyone in their right minds. It's a waste of time, I wish I had pirated the movie and not rented it but I think I'll try to get my money back. In fact, I am so angry at the director and producers of this abomination for stealing valuable time from me, I had to register on IMDb to write a comment.If you are one of the people who have given this thing a higher rating than 3, you must've been high like a kite. I wouldn't argue about a thing like that as it's usually a matter of taste, but this crap wouldn't even pass for trash...Don't waste your time on this, you'll make better use of it banging your head against a wall. This movie had its high points and I'm not ashamed to say that I was laughing a lot throughout most of the movie. The snotty younger brother was played to perfection. The moments where the parents lost their cool and began swearing was hilarious. The job interview scenes were hilarious. The stay -at-home loser step brothers were hilarious for the most part. The first three quarters of the movie was very funny. Towards the end, it was not. The Catalina Wine Mixer was a disaster. The part where the pychiatrist falls for Ferrell was dumb. The boat - as - treehouse was a terrible way to end the movie. The writers seemed to settle for a bad way to tie things up at the end and this caused the movie as a whole to fail. I also could not get past the vulgarness of some of the routines. The part where Ferrell places his scrotum, in full view, on the drum set was very sickening. The loud, intense farting was very insulting to a sophisticated viewer. The masturbation scene, where Ferrell slips his hand down his pants while watching TV, was very sick. The scene where the younger brother's wife has sex standing up and then relieved herself in a urinal was very sick.It's a shame that a movie that was perfectly cast and had such potential was ruined by blatant, sick vulgarness. Imagine if the great Pink Panther movies, for example, submitted to such base humor. Unnecessary catering to the uncouth members of the audience. There are movies that are really bad, but are so bad they are actually good, thus watchable. B-movies from the 50s come to mind. Then there are silly movies with some chuckles along the way. Then there are stupid movies, and some are still okay, as there are some chuckles along the way and likable characters. Then there's Step Brothers. What the rating system needs is a zero or negative numbers as this movie does not even rate a zero. The group that was watching this flick were all Ferrell and Reilly fans, but after 20 minutes most had left the room. I'll have to admit that no one stayed to watch the entire flick, even the most die-hard Ferrell fan, so this review is only based on what was watched. And even then it was painful. What were Jenkins and Steenburgen thinking when they decided to be in this movie? Both are fine actors, and if not for them this flick would have been turned off sooner. But then, this movie is not about them, but 2 middle-aged men who have been coddled by their parents and not only still live at home, are waited on hand and foot. No one liked Ferrell or Reilly's characters at all and we had no idea what this movie was trying to prove. Maybe there's a point near the end. That's if you can stand to waste your time waiting for it. Our guess is that everyone learns to live peacefully with one another. Our suggestion, your time would be better spent cleaning your bathroom. Is it possible that I have finally found a movie worse than MANOS? Surely STEP BROTHERS is in the running! Two aging, jobless fellows are thrown together when their parents marry. They fight like 4 year olds until dad decides to sell the house and toss them out. They then join forces to defeat his plans. Other than always dependable character actor Richard Jenkins as the dad, I have never seen worse acting in a major motion picture. Ferrell and Reilly are embarrassingly bad, and Mary Steenburgen as the mom is given nothing but bad lines and very little to do. I can't imagine what this turkey must have been like to sit through in a theater. As it is, I went to turn it off several times but decided to stick it out to see if it might redeem itself in the end. In fact, it only gets worse. Wait until you hear Ferrell trying to sing opera. You'll cry, and not in a good way. Just saw this last night, and nearly every moment I wanted to leave. This movie had exactly 3 moments that made me laugh for a second, and thats in the previews. I love humor and craziness and consider myself a blond Jim Carrey, now he is funny. But Will Ferrel, Mike Myers, and Adam Sandler consistently turn out the worst crap I've ever seen. I liked Elf, and Talladega Nights was OK, but the last several movie making ventures for Will Ferrel are crap, and this turd on film was my breaking point. I will never see a Will Ferrel movie again. I would like my money back! This movie is full of failing humor, the "F" word fly's around so much, even from the mature parents that it gets tiring. I've never seen such over blown attempts at trying to be funny and just see them fall on their faces. No person of intelligence could stand this movie. I only added the spoiler tag because I'm afraid IMDb might block me through some weird technicality. In any case...I honestly fail to see how a movie that has a scene where a married woman sneaks into the men's restroom and surprises her husband's brother-in-law with rape is considered comedy. It's rape, any way you slice it. I've never found rape funny. I'm not condemning those who do - it is a fictional movie, after all - but what annoys me more is the pointed inclusion of such a scene in the movie.LOGICAL VERSION OF THE SCENE: He comes into the bathroom. Just as she comes out of hiding and starts getting busy with him, we cut back to the dinner table they have just left. We come back once they've finished.HOW IT REALLY HAPPENS (EVEN IN THE RATED VERSION): We get to be privy to the entire scene oh no, you _see_ nothing, but there is absolutely nothing to this scene beyond the sex and noises. I felt my IQ drop 20 points.This movie had the potential. Sadly, it never reaches that potential. It has a hugely creative setup and showed some of its funniest gags in the trailer, but that's about all you need to know about this movie. I'm astonished it even has any likable quality outside of the porn booth.This movie would be okay and passable were it not for that scene. Yes, it ruined the entire movie for me. I can't even look at it anymore. When a movie stoops this low, there is nothing else to say about it. This movie will suck the intelligence out of you. I just cannot believe that any grown up actor would want to be part of this pile of manure. What on earth were they thinking? It has no redeeming features at all. It suffers from an unbelievable story and even more unbelievable characters. It is a sorry state of affairs when people who are interested in movies (they must be if they are part of IMDb) can say this rubbish is the best comedy they have ever seen. How dumb can you be? I feel really dumb myself because I keep trying to watch Will Ferrell comedy movies-I should know better because there is not one I could say I really liked. The only decent film I have seen him in was Stranger than Fiction. He seems to repeat himself over and over in each movie, none of them with any idea what comedy is. Avoid this, and anything with Ferrell in it, like the plague. You will be less intelligent after watching this crap. If this is the sort of thing that makes you laugh then you are beyond sad. It is witless, dull and without any kind of merit. I was horrified to see that Mary Steenburgen would lend her talents to this pile of ordure. It is though it was written by 15 years olds but not performed as well as 15 year olds would manage. Will Ferrell is his usual lame self and John C Reilly must have felt like he was dying inside - he is so much better than this. To think that an adult would read this script and think that it was worth doing is beyond my comprehension. Everyone involved should be thoroughly ashamed of themselves. It seems to me that anything with Judd Apatow attached to it will be of this sort of quality, likewise Will Ferrell. This movie is about two adults who live with their parents, because they "have not grown up"This is a clear example of a horrible move, but because the media tells us we are going to like it people say its funny. This is not intelligent humor, it is not situational humor. This is humor aimed at children but rated R. This is Will Ferrel at his worst. The two main characters had fun making it - that I am sure of. I decided to give it a complete shot, despite the fact that half of the theater walked out. There are a few funny moments but predictable. Recommendation - Don't see this trash. If you must see this, borrow a friends DVD so that you don't waste any money. This movie was horrible on SOOOOOO many levels. The worst was how total lack of respect for your parents is not only tolerated, but in some cases deemed acceptable. I became so incensed at how the infantile antics of these two 40 something losers were celebrated I had to turn the thing off. It is really sad what Hollywood has decided is comedy these days.More and more it seems that bad behavior and disrespect to others has been deemed acceptable and, in some cases, preferred behavior. Do film makers even think about the message they may be putting out there? Parents have enough to handle without Hollyweird adding to our already full repertoire. I used to like Will Ferrell..but after this, I have my doubts about his quality. This movie is unbelievably stupid...and I don't mean funny stupid, I mean I can't believe anyone would find such basic, simple, absolutely ridiculous jokes and situations, funny. It's an almost impossible task to watch it to the end as they get worse and worse. I felt so bad to have spent my money on such a poor poor comedy-wannabe movie. I just can't understand how this even got to the cinemas. And also how is it possible so many people found it funny?? Think twice before watching it, it doesn't bring anything useful to your life, doesn't even make you laugh. I sorrowfully regret that you've had to be misled by the 6 out 10 rating this movie currently has and because I haven't rated it until now, it is partly because of me.. what a terrible, horrible piece of sh!t, if i do say so myself.Nothing in this movie was at all funny.. and I was drunk! Will Ferrell rolling around on the floor, obnoxiously yelling in his monotone voice, yeah, you got me Hollywood.. the joke was on me.. and on us and just about everyone who coughed up money to see this or even had to endure a preview or a commercial for this flipping thing! Luckily for me, I'm still waiting for my envelope to come in the mail because I'm going to be a millionaire.They owe me twice the exact amount of what it cost to make this movie coupled with what it earned both domestically and worldwide because yes, that terrible. I saw it for free but decided that once it was over and done with, they owed me for having seen it.I was a flinch away from literally punching the person who made me see this -- RIGHT IN THE FACE -- after it was done.. I've never left the theater so p!ssed before unless I had just finished watching a movie with Morgan Freeman in it and he's doing Allstate commercials now so I don't even watch T.V. anymore.That bad. My girlfriend has been wanting to watch this movie. I have already watched about half of it before but had walked out on it. She still insists that we rent it because "it looks funny". My sister rented it and we were watching it with the family and after approximately 35-40 minutes through it.. Everyone got up, and began to do there own thing. The movie is NOT funny whatsoever. Man, after Old Skool.. It all went down hill for Will Ferrel. That Rick Bobby movie sucked, That stupid Ice Skating movie sucked, and every movie after that sucked. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone older than the age of maybe... 8 years old? Okay -- I'm normally a Will Farrell fan, but if there were a movie where you look back and say he jumped the shark, well, this is the one.You can read the summaries of the premise of what the movie is supposed to be, but whatever it is, it just doesn't work. Anyone who thinks the chemistry of Will and John C. Reilley works in this movie has to be smoking the same amount of crack that these guys were while developing the film.I mean really -- two guys in their late 30s (or early 40s) are living separately at home with different parents? At the start of the movie, I didn't know whether to feel sorry for the guys or try and appreciate the humor. Instead, I was looking at my watch -- 10 minutes in. There are lots of cameos from Judd Apatow's crew, and each time you thought to yourself "wow, they were funnier in XXXXXX". To bad...All of the humor throughout the film is directed at an audience somewhere between the 13 year old male and the 17 year old male, because no one with a high school degree would find any entertainment out of the film at all.Is it a bad thing when the highlight of the film is right after the credits when the characters beat the crap out of junior high school kids? I don't know if I laughed because the film was over, or because the film was over.To top it off, I saw this film at the matinée, and I still thought it was a waste of my money. This thing should have gone straight to DVD, or maybe never should have made it to the public ever. If Apatow productions wants to give me and my fiancé's money back, that would be great. God knows I'll never be able to take back those 88 minutes of my life.My last root canal was less painful than this. ...as opposed to improvising and picking the funniest lines, maybe this film would've amounted to something other than just another Ferrell/McKay comedy to stock video store shelves with.But anyways, moving on. I'll start off by saying that I don't get it. I just don't get it. I'd have thought comedy had hit its low with the Seltzerberg movies. Those "films" are the most dreadful excuses for comedies ever. I had put off seeing Step Brothers because I had a bone to pick with Ferrell for that painfully unfunny "Semi Pro". OK SP wasn't that bad, but it did have its moments, which, unfortunately, just never amounted to anything that wasn't "A handful of funny moments that somehow just didn't manage to make a comedy effective".And then there's Step Brothers.Come it's DVD release, everyone raves about it. I'm being called an idiot for not having seen it. Unable to take any more pressure, I rent the movie.This film does have a few funny moments, but they only amount to chuckles. I refer to when Ferrell, dressed as a Nazi, asks his brother "Sprechen zie D--k?", and the music video created by the brothers. Aside from that this just isn't anything new from Ferrell OR McKay. Will Ferrell plays the same character he did in Old School and Reilly does the same, with his character in Talladega.The formula of the film is annoyingly simple: "I'm your step brother, I f--king hate you." *cue music to show how much they hate each other* "GAAAAH I FRACKIN HATE YOU I HATE YOU OK never mind I'm sorry I love you let's go bug mom and dad off." *insert music to show how tight as buds they are* "Hi Will Ferrell, I have a family and am more successful than you losers." *insert music to show the dilly of a pickle they're in*. Now imagine a whole movie 2 hours of that. That in itself is pretty annoying.Furthermore the movie just didn't give me a reason to love these losers. I spent the whole movie rooting for the parents really. It made me feel depressed- me being barely out of my teens I couldn't help but feel for the parents that they're stuck with their jobless loser sons. Moreover, you know something is wrong when Adam Scott and Mary Steenburgen are funnier than Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly in a comedy full of WF and JCR humour.To Adam McKay, PLEASE don't let Ferrell have a hand in writing your next comedy!!! Penises and Masturbation isn't a passable topic for jokes anymore. Teabagging a drum kit isn't funny. A flimsy bunk bed, as you guessed it, isn't funny. Pummelling a playground full of kids isn't funny. And the "Cops" joke??? Are we stuck in the 90s or something? Mind you half the film was improvised, and while this worked for the brilliant Anchorman since that film was a subtle parody of 70s news workplace sexism, it's just bad here.I cry for our society. This doesn't hold a candle to the easily superior Tropic Thunder or Pineapple Express, both of which got released in the same summer as this and are both spectacularly funny. I love Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly. I wasn't expecting anything profound, just some solid laughs. While I laughed here and there the movie never took off; in fact it ran dry early on. There are no real jokes in this movie. It is a series of events in which Ferrell and Reilly act like brats and blurt out outrageous things, which could be funny even. It wasn't. It dragged on until the one premise: Adults acting as children died of exhaustion. It's a shame because these two are capable of so much more. A huge disappointment and I am a fan of both mens work. I would hope that despite this they will work together in the future and that they will find a better script. If you have to see this good luck. I like both actors and most of their movies, but Step Brothers was a 1 hour and 45 minutes of boredom and mixed feelings.I seriously thought that this movies is a comedy but after a 10 or 20 minutes I realised that I did not have any laugh so far, not even a single smile on my face... The movie bet on two points that might make people laugh. One of them is situational comedy but many times so absurd it is not funny at all. More like pathetic or awkward. The other point is Will Ferrell and John Reilly cursing on each other. There was no intelligent humour whatsoever and my first laugh came like 10 minutes before the end.I expected much much more and so this movie is a big disappointment. I hope that these two actors will forget this movie and try to work on something more enjoyable. Terrible. I regretted going and I didn't even pay for this early screening. To be fair, you'd probably like it if you enjoyed Anchorman and other recent Will Ferrell movies. This one just steps up the stupidity. Poor dialog and pointless humor were supposed to be redeemed by being so unpredictable and OVERWHELMINGLY crude. Most jokes are the equivalent of shouting, "Penis!" with the expectation of the audience giggling like kids. Both stars appear pretty desperate to accept these roles. Dozens of people left the theater within thirty minutes and I did after an hour; a friend who stayed said it got worse after I had left. Don't go see this movie. If you do, don't bring a date, parents, mentor, children, or anybody whose respect you crave. We as a family loved the first two films but this was boring bland and not at all funny the "jokes" fell flat and seemed forced not one person in the cinema laughed all through the film don't waste your time seeing this film I enjoyed the first two "Hotel Transylvania" movies, even with the unfortunate music choices, but found myself cringing at this one. There were a couple of clever moments and talented voice acting but ultimately it was just painful to watch as joke after joke fell flat.Remember that scene in "Hotel Transylvania 2" where Dracula dances to GDFR with Dennis that didn't have anything to do with anything and seemed to be shoehorned in because some studio executive wanted it there? Well imagine an entire movie like that.Yes, the entire script seemed to be written by a studio executive that no one had the guts to tell them wasn't funny. I really like the first two movies. they are charming and has a nice flow.
But Transylvania 3 is more of a display of hyperactive animation.
How can every character move in the most annoying ways and 
every clip is fast-paced that it reminds me more of a looney toon show.
I had to turn off after 10 minutes so my opinion doesnt really matters that much but the first movies didnt have that effect. i was glued to the screen.
I,m a cinema fanatic so I notice very fast when quality drops.
and the beginning was so ridculous and bad that it problably sets the tone for whats to come. This time I judge a movie before even having watched it through. you just know this will be bad. Adam Sandler and company, you are welcome fo my $20 contribution to your fortune even though it isn't deserved in this case. This movie was AWFUL! I couldn't wait for it to end, it was painful! Apparently My 10 year old enjoys any cartoon though. If you are not tired of the stupidification of previously beloved movie sagas such as the Alien, the Terminator, the Predator etc... now here comes one more wonderful example. It is unwatchable. Me and my wife and the children looked at each other after 2-3 mins with a white and shocked face, but we let still run it for more 5 min just to make sure... but we could not stand any more. Well, if you have an ant-size brain you might find this hyperactive abhorrence funny, but we did not.
And wait... here comes the best: They are on the train from Transylvania to Budapest. You know, Transylvania is part of Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest.
Can you put the puzzle together? :-))) LOL, right!
But in a country where some still believe that Japan is the Capital of China, it is forgivable to mistake the capital of Hungary (Budapest) with Bucharest. I thought this was one of the worst movies ever made. I can't believe that Adam Sandler, Selena Gomez, and the cast would ever consider releasing such a movie Stupid jokes, unnecessary scenes, extremely loud music. I could not sit through the movie as my head hurt from all that loud music and screaming. No story - just trying to make money out of the first. Such a waste of my time People I'm shocked, how can they make such a bad movie, wow, and signed, they put a Macarena song with Monsters and Vampires, help, I wanted to disappear from the cinema, but for my daughter, I endured, went to the end and asked and liked it there. She said, it was cool! help. Film without anything cool, diminished the others, because I really enjoyed the 1 and 2 that were very cool. Uauuuuuuuuuu. Oh, boy. We've got another one of these. They made a THIRD Hotel Transylvania film in 2018. And boy, is it PACKED with horrible jokes and awful storytelling. Adam Sandler is at it again with his terrible acting 'skills'. The movie doesn't even put in an effort to be funny. The movie wastes the talents of two amazing actresses, Selena Gomez and Chrissy Teigen.With that said, I am interested in Erica's backstory. I feel like Sony really made the wrong film. A movie about a young woman breaking free from her overbearing guardian would have been WAY more interesting than a third Hotel Transylvania film. I liked the first 2, and I understand that this is a film for kids, but it's really predictable at every turn.You see all the twists coming long before they actually hit and, even for a kids film, that sucks a lot of the life out of it. Animation is really poor compared to the first two movies. The storyline is really poor. Just didn't enjoy it as I did the first two. In fact, I turn it off before it got mid way. If you hate someone recommend this movie.not funny at all Sony stick to making phones and TVs. An hour of my life I won't get back before I walked out to sit in the cinema lobby. Shockingly bad, like worse than frozen bad. It was a funny movie. But it show another worst love lessons. Marrying someone you just met. WRONG WRONG WRONG.I recommend the writers to watch Frozen. Jumped from event to event way to often. Not funny. Overacting characters with no brain (may be because they are monsters) >>> not really hilarious at all 0/10 They don't even bother addressing the "only zing once" rule established in the first film. That's all I can say before going on an explosive rant about everything else wrong with this film. Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation - While this movie will entertain small children, "Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation" will leave parents and older children dreading the fact that they even introduced the idea of putting it on. Other reviewers have delved into the troubling aspects of the movie such as the Robin Williams' character's dysfunctional behaviors and his seemingly sudden success in TV. Both are hard to swallow, but it's a movie and movies don't have to be realistic in every detail. There is one aspect of Mrs. Doubtfire, however, that I find deeply troubling as it demonstrates an inequity that often exists in our society and that should be recognized as detrimental rather than being immortalized in film. We all recall how strict the judge was in curtailing Robin Williams' contact with his children and yet, at the end of the movie when he reunites with them and the kids wonder if it's legal, he tells them to ask their mother and she says she took care of it by talking to the judge. I wanted to throw something at the screen!! How and why could a judge's ruling have been reversed merely because a woman had a conversation with him about her ex-husband's visitation rights?? Neither parent should be in the position to wield that much sway or power with a simple wave of her (or his) hand over whether to grant, restrict, or deny the rights of their children's other parent. (By the way, I'm a father who had custody of his two kids as they grew up and who went out of his way to ensure their mother's ease of access and visitation.) I've seen too many kids and too many families damaged and victimized when one parent or the courts use access as a weapon or bargaining chip. It was happening in 1993 when this movie was made and it's still happening today over 20 years later. It needs to stop! I like Robin Williams . I like comedies . What I find impossible to believe is that Mrs. Doubtfire looks like a female human . Instead Robin Williams looks like someone in a mask . A bad Halloween mask . Couldn't they find someone who knows the least little bit about makeup ? If the makeup doesn't work nothing works . The comedy doesn't work . The sentiment falls flat . Everything hinges on believing the characters . Maybe if Mrs. Doubtfire caused everyone to laugh uproariously at the bad makeup job I'd be interested . Perhaps .The makeup job done on Dustin Hoffman in Tootsie was first rate . Sure , she was plug - ugly . But at least he - she had a human face .You want to talk about good makeup . How about Max von Sydow in The Exorcist ? He looked so realistic that he actually had a hard time finding work after the movie because everyone thought he was eighty years old . I didn't bother looking at the name of the " artist " who did the makeup on this movie . But could it be the same person who did the makeup on the Wayans brothers on the movie White Chicks ? I wouldn't be surprised . How has Robin Williams been so successful in his career?  Sorry, I should to change that to 'How has Robin Williams (Good Will Hunting excepted) been so successful in his career?' This is not my usual response to actors who have been in the movie business for as long as he has, (and I can't resist saying it) too long in his case. I don't know if it is him who makes the movie so pointless, or it is the movie who makes him look pointless, and this is about all I can say, pointless, not a glowing recommendation is it.  Cynics would argue that all movies are pointless, in the grand scheme of things.  And that me commenting on one such pointless movie is nothing more than hypocrisy.But movies generally do have a point.  I definitely am the better for watching The Big Lebowski, The Great Escape or Clerks, as it gives people like me (the sort of person who wants to impose his opinions on other people) something to fill the quiet parts of my day with, to laugh about, to enjoy discussing. As Barry would ask in High Fidelity, what are your top 5 movies of all time? I bet there's not many of you reading this (thanks by the way) who have not compiled such a list in your head, or written one down, or laminated it afterwards (I jest of course), but it is an interesting topic of conversation. My top five isn't important enough to list (well it is, but I'd need to know yours as well), but it was easy to think about, which ones would I leave out? (big decisions)  My worst 5 movies of all time list was much harder, try it yourself, you'll know what I'm getting at.  I mean, even I can see good in Dirty Dancing. So we get back to Mrs Doubtfire.  Along with Alive, this movie was the first to pop into my head for my worst 5 list. How has Robin Williams been so successful in his career?  I know not.  But at least it gives me something to bitch about. When I wrote "Probably the worst film I have ever seen", I lied.The film was so bad that I walked out of the cinema before the film finished.  It wasn't funny, had no story, and the vision of Robin Williams in a dress plus full make-up made me feel physically sick. Not one funny seen. Site gags that had all been performed before.Redeeming message: Kids, its not your fault when your parents get divorced? Did we really need this movie to deliver this message? The plot has conflict, but the villain is a caring, responsible, parent. The protagonist is a loving, but irresponsible adult. There is someone to hold up on a pedestal. Being simultaneously compassionate yet reckless is such a tough feat. We really need to celebrate more unstable role models so that our future generations don't feel compelled to participate in society in a productive manner that is respectful of others. I really never saw the 'enormous' talent of Mr Williams... I remember watching him as Mork and just ended up turning the TV off and went outside to play baseball with my friends...I guess he strikes me as an 'intellectual' comedian when all I wanted was W.C.Fields slapstick... Mr Williams best work was 'Good Will Hunting', he was actually quite good in drama, in most of his comedy work he is portrayed as the person everyone (except the villain) just loves and cannot get enough of, 'Good Morning Vietnam' comes to mind, he was a disc jockey in a war and everyone LOVED him... Am I missing something here, his rants in that film are almost embarrassing...OK, the guy is dead, but, Mrs. Doubtfire was awful IMO... He won't take a paying voice-over role for some lame reason, most people would be happy to just work... He throws a party for his kid that is soooo over the top, animals walking around the house, dancing on the table etc, I almost felt like calling Sally Field and telling her to get home quick! When she told him to take a hike I cheered for her, he was obviously in need of therapy for that episode... Then he turns into a desperate stalker/cross dresser so he can be close to his kids, he should have thought about that before he turned down jobs and exposed his children to his manic and sorrowful behavior....That is when I stopped watching this dreadful film and went outside to play baseball again... Like I mentioned in the summary, my kids liked it and laughed a lot, but then again they were young and laughed at almost anyone who acted stupid... This sentimental nonsense isn't realistic. Its attempts at humour are pathetically lame. The plot is preposterous - a divorced father pretends to be a woman in order to be employed as a housekeeper in the house of his ex-wife and their children. As if none of them would notice that it's him! This is one of my all time HATED movies. I watched this when I was 7 and found it okay but now re-watching it, I find it is transphobic. When Mrs. Doubtfire urinates standing up and the boy sees, he immediately runs to his sister to say call the police. This is implying cross-dressing or being a transsexual is against the law. It isn't! Implying that is discriminating amongst people that are transgendered. Many parents probably will not see this but this movie is the exact opposite of what you want your children to see. It promotes prejudice against the transgender community. They will think it is okay to be transphobic in the future. Why? Because of this movie. Robin Williams continues acting in awful movies. The story is far away from funny. His acting also.The whole story is gruesomely, and can make bad influence on children, in my opinion.Maybe it is funny for newborns because the faces Mrs. Doubtfire makes..But not amusing for grownups, and children at age 3+ !The movie isn't based on funny characters and funny situations, as it should be. On the contrary, the main idea of comedy that the movie presents, are distorted faces, and too "blown-up" situations. It's a classical example how a movie can insult humans intelligence. Beggars belief that anyone could think this piece of nonsense is the slightest bit amusing. Robin Williams is nothing more than annoying and not once in this so called comedy could he raise the slightest of smiles. Truly dreadful piece of garbageNever been a fan of Robin Williams, his attempt to deliver zany humour is nothing more than cringeworthy and this his worst example. I actually felt sorry for his fellow cast members in this as he attempts to pull face after face and deliver corny attempts at humour in this thin, pointless piece of rubbish. For me this belongs on the shelf along with National Lampoon's Men in White, Re-possessed and anything in the Scary Movie genre as the biggest load of trash ever put on film. The worst cross-dressing actor of all-time? LOL, you're right!!!! It boggles my mind that Jim Carrey is one of the highest paid actors out there.  This movie, and the one he appeared in following it, are unbelievably awful.  I am a huge fan of movies that have a lot of absurd humor (i.e. The Naked Gun, Airplane) but this movie has none of the qualities of the aforementioned films.  These films utilize slapstick/absurdist humor, as opposed to Carrey's running gag of distorted faces and talking out of his a**.  Even if you liked Jim Carrey's brand of humor, wouldn't it get old after thirty minutes or so...  This one is a real dud in my opinion, I give it NO STARS! Jim Carrey plays Ace Ventura a man who will find your lost pets for you. When the Miami Dolphins mascot (a real dolphin, as if you couldn't guess) is dolphin napped he is hired and must get to the bottom of it and find out where it is, who has it and why they took it.I watched this years ago a couple of times and I was younger, and even then this movie did nothing for me. It is way over the top cheesy and just not my thing. I never liked the kind of comedy that uses stupid antics and characters to make you laugh. I mightve laughed or grinned at best a few times while watching this film, but I think it is stupid.I like Jim Carrey and think he's a funny person and love his old stand up, but his early movies like this and Mask were just too cheesy for me. I see a movie like this being good for kids, only they try to aim it at adults and make it PG-13 which kills the young kid audience from seeing it and to me they are the only ones who would get it and actually find it funny.Carrey is a good actor but does nothing for me here, Courtney Cox is a dry boring actress too. Tone Loc was still able to get work back then and he was thrown in the cast, but does nothing for me. Dan Marino can't act and sports figures shouldn't try, Sean young sucks and the casting was bad. I loved tiny roles featuring the great Randall Tex Cobb and Alice Drummond. The directing was crap as well as all production values.. I did love that Carrey insisted on having his favorite band Cannibal Corpse involved in the movie.. They are great.I don't find this film offers anything. Stupid over the top acting by Carrey and just way too childish, its bad. 1/10 STARS I don´t like Jim Carrey and his acting. His facial expressions and gestures are funny, but just when seen the first time. Who wants to watch a picture of lunatic man longer than ten minutes? The story is also very silly. I suppose this movie was made for five-year-old kids. Then it serves its purposes better. The only good thing in this movie is Courteney Cox who could maybe become a big star. In my opinion, Jim Carrey's career can´t last a long time if he keeps on making movies like this. It's mainly because of Ace Ventura. He's just too much here, too much to the point where it's just stupid and VERY annoying and just not funny. He was a lot better in The Mask and Bruce Almighty, but here, it's just too much. I don't understand why people find Jim Carrey doing dumb faces or saying dumb things hilarious, it's really not. It's just stupid. How was this a hit film? How did it do it? Did people really watch crap like this? Because honestly, that's like watching Chris Crocker kiss another man, I mean seriously, it's just NOT FUNNY! It's just so bad, and people are saying "no it's not Jim Carrey, he did amazing" no, honestly, it WAS him, because he was just too much here, and it's just not funny, it's stupid. Definitely a 1/10, an abysmal film, watching it was worse than cutting up my butt with razor blades and rolling in a pile of salt. Well my wife made me watch it. It was the WORST movie I have ever seen ,but then again that should not have surprised me....it starred Jim Carrey. His constant 'mugging' for the camera has gotten old before it even became amusing. Don't waste your time like I wasted mine. Starts well enough, though quite forced and cringey at times.
But ultimately the plot twist is just utterly transphobic...
My advise: steer clear of this, there are plenty of actually good Jim Carrey movies to watch. ...and that being fake talking buttocks. Yes, that's the humor mentality that drives this trashy comedy that took another sketch comic from TV and moved them into the big screen. Carrey's schtick can get pretty tired really fast, and while he tried to tone it down in later films, did not have a memorable start in spite of box office success. The fact that his idiocy doesn't get him punched out (or worse) is head shaking. So once teenage boys and post teenage boys who never matured got him onto the list of top box office draws. For the rest of us, we stuck with our Hope and Crosby "Road" collection.I did laugh a few times (especially at the mincing muscle man whom Carrey for some reason checks out while using the urinal, followed by the eye roll), but I have to say, these films do not hold up with the exception of a few sequences taken out of context. I can't say if I would have laughed more when I was younger, but I really doubt it would have been much more. Ace Ventura is simply crude, idiotic and beyond annoying in every single aspect.So for the plot...it surrounds the escapades of the moronic pet detective hired to find the Miami dolphin's mascot, kidnapped right before the super bowl. Ventura, who has a collection of some cute (and not so cute) wild creatures, and perhaps they understand him, because he's definitely not human. What moments I did laugh at were almost embarrassing to me, and as a result, I could barely make it through. I'm going to make this short and sweet: If you value your brain cells, don't watch "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective." Maybe it's funny to little kids, or to highly immature adolescents, but it shouldn't be funny to any self-respecting adult.Jim Carrey acts like an absolute idiot the entire film, and it's very irritating to watch. I can't believe the movie got a sequel. That says a lot about society, and that fact scares me. This movie, and its sequel, pander to the lowest common denominator and that's a problem. There should be higher standards for what movies get the "green light" in Hollywood than this.I remember not liking this movie when I was a kid, and recently a friend asked me to watch it again, thinking I'd have a different opinion of it now. Well, nothing's changed. I still think the movie sucksand so should you! The plot is so stupid. Jim Carrey is a pet detective who gets called in to help investigate the disappearance of Miami Dolphins' mascot, Snowflake, a rare bottle-nosed dolphin. Come to find out that the individual responsible for stealing the dolphin is the police captain who just so happens to be a man dressed in drag, although played by a woman, who used to be a disgraced field goal kicker for the Miami Dolphins. What? What a waste of time! What an insult to the intelligence. I can't believe this is the movie that catapulted Jim Carrey to superstardom.That's not to say I have anything against Jim Carrey, I do like some of his movies, "Liar, Liar" in particular, but this movie just plain sucks. Do yourself a favor and avoid it like the flu. If you don't, you just might find yourself exhibiting similar symptomsnausea. I remember loving this movie back in the day when i was a kid and didnt know better, but after growing up and coming out as trans, the movie kinda stingsi can understand the whole "reveal and disgrace the plot villain" part, just the problem being humiliating a trans girl doesnt carry over well to the modern day when thats developed into a culture of open hostility towards us
as a comedy movie goes its alright, just given theres too many lowbrow people who would take it as validation of their bigotry, its a problem Didn't age well AT ALL. Transphobia at its WORST. This kind of dehumanizing garbage is why we can't have nice things. Trans women ARE WOMEN. Its so bad we are taunting our friend for recommending it One word describes this movie - pointless.Wow, this film was incredibly boring. People are hyping this movie over nothing. The story is so simple and boring. It didn't even feel like I was watching a thought-provoking movie, more like a short and simple TV series with an unfunny, forced and pointless main character on his pointless adventure to fight forgettable and pointless villains. The X-men were pointless as well. They didn't add anything to the story. They only assisted Deadpool with fighting the villains when their original goal was to have deadpool work for them. They happily accepted Deadpool as a murderer and wished a murderer to join them. The only okay point in this movie was the action. However, the action still could have been better as it felt very rushed at times, and at other times very short and at times it lacked in good choreography. It didn't feel intense at all, more like you know the villains are going to fail very easily.I also hated the use of childish words being used quite a bit to explain the purpose of the weapon x program e.g. "superheroes", "superslaves" etc. What are these villains even doing? There was nothing deep and meaningful behind the program and these villains. The story was lacking in too many ways. The world felt very empty and hollow.Looks like people are very cheap and easy nowadays that they would enjoy anything just because it is r-rated. That is the truth, that is the only reason this movie has such a high rating because of the use of "F" words and other vulgar words, it has sex and nude scenes and it is gory and violent. None of this is new. Again, the Story and Characters are terrible. If you enjoy sitting in on conversations that are typical of young and foolish teenage boys this is the movie for you. Every other line contains the F word and for some reason the director thought penis jokes are the funniest around.The story is about as hollow as the humor. It's a cheap and bland story about revenge and invincibility painted with a veneer of "love" that is as misguided as the character's personality.The movie is littered with sarcasm and cynicism that just becomes depressing after a while.Ryan Reynolds acts like a 13 year old boy throughout the movie, cursing and making penis jokes and then talking to the audience thinking he is very funny. This is the most overrated movie I've seen. Most of these reviews on IMDb had to have been paid for. Hollywood had to have paid for this hype or people these days have really low standards. This is a low brow film like no other.Save 2 hours of your life and do not watch this movie. The film is made out of Ryan Reynolds, throwing lame jokes to the camera. In between there are bullets and knifes. No surprises. No ideas. The story is simple and silly and boring. Man sleeps with woman long in different scenes (Teens hello! Better watch porn, there are more details!) Man go's to basement to become special. (Teens like to be special) Man becomes special and kills all bad guys around him. THE ENDThe jokes are not only lame, they are old. For example the joke with the red shirt and brown trousers I heard from my grandpa.Don't waste your time with this film. Marvell tries to squeeze out last cents out of the theme. Bad films will follow. This movie is a huge disappointment, and a waste of money and time. The jokes are stupid and I realize that Deadpool is not what it was cracked up to be. Too bad as I usually love the Marvel movies. It seems forced, and the jokes actually become tedious and not really with any sophistication at any level, more adolescent bathroom style humor. The story and plot is also dull and tedious which goes along with the dull and tedious jokes. At times I thought to walk out, but kept hoping that there would be a redeeming aspect as many of the reviews were positive, I kept hoping. This movie is more about money-making hype, with its non existent story/plot and childish humor with no depth. A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. We live in a time where super hero movies are all the rage. Who doesn't love a good super hero throw down, cool origin stories, and awesome villains? While decent hero flicks are easy enough to find, occasionally a masterpiece, like "The Dark Knight", will come along and in the process wow the critics and audiences alike.And then we get Deadpool. Where to start with this one? To give it some comparison, it makes "Batman and Robin" look like an Academy Award-winner by comparison. How is that? Quite simply put, the movie is terrible in every sense of the word.Deadpool is untrue to its source material and to the very character himself. The character is known for his violence and humor throughout his comic book, TV show, and video game appearances. The filmmakers, in their apparent efforts to make the character more "edgy" and appeal more to adults, have stripped him of this, instead replacing the comedy and fun with crude dialogue, sex, sex, more sex, and more foul words than possibly all of Eminem and Lil Wayne's albums combined, and all of this without any of the substance that have made Wade Wilson's adventures and misadventures alike over the years so memorable, exciting, and laugh-out-loud funny. No wit, and no soul. It insults the intelligence of its audience, and then expects them to pay. We've come a long way in terms of the quality of super hero films; to call this a step back could potentially be the biggest understatement of the year.For those who have been waiting for a good Deadpool film, this unfortunately is not it. Perhaps the best on-screen appearance to- date can be found in the animated short "Hulk v.s. Wolverine", but for the time being we're still going to have to wait for our favorite "Merc with the Mouth" to get the big-screen sensation that he deserves. Out of all Marvel movies made, Deadpool was the worst. The main character talks too much it became very annoying after 5 minutes. The jokes were not funny. The scene transition between flashbacks and present conditions were not well done.They tried to put in 2 X-Men character in the worst possible way. It really shows that the studio had no budget for many characters, but instead they invested a lot in the slow-motion special effect, which was cool.In terms of story-line, there's no story. There's no character building as well. For about 2 hours, all you can do is endure the horrible blabber mouth of the main character. Not funny and irritate the ear.I wonder how many people did the studio pay to write in good reviews in this website...Worst Marvel Movie Ever. Barney the Dinosaur is more entertaining than this movie. yeah sure, when he cracks one or two jokes, its funny, but my gosh he would go on and on ! Regarding the sexual scenes of the movie, if one wants to watch porn, they'd watch porn. I don't know which woman enjoys a man that talks from beginning to end ? Even during sex he is cracking lame jokes. Cant get any more ridiculous than that ! As for the storyline , couldn't they add a little more detail. Its like they thought making him blabber throughout the movie will allow them to cut some finer details out. One of the worst movies ever made in the last century ! I really regretted spending money on this. Wanted to leave the cinema after first 15 mins. Chosed it as the ratings were high and was described as a comedy. I did not laugh once. The movie shows detailed violence - not sure who enjoys watching heads to be shot through or cut off. Total disrespect towards human life. There was lots of unnecessary swearing and pathetic predictable jokes, i.e. penis jokes, saying f***ing in every sentence etc. Unless you enjoy watching violence and think swearing is funny you won't enjoy this movie. Maybe it's suitable for someone with low IQ or a teenager. The plot is also pointless and some nudity and sex scenes are included too as a predictable part of the movie. Don't waste your money. i expected an epic out of this but i rather got boring and juvenile story.This movie is full of unparliamentary dialougues and nothing inspiring about.Is this what we give to our friends and family to watch ? btw ryan renolds did excellent job in the movie.i didn't get why wolverine was in the movieis he there to get kicked by deadpoolThe film's biggest weakness, if it has one, is in its supporting characters — there's just not a lot for them to do. Deadpool's fellow superpowered beings — Colossus (Stefan Kapicic), Negasonic Teenage Warhead (Brianna Hildebrand), and Angel Dust (Gina Carano) — mostly just stay out of his way, though Colossus and Negasonic each have their moments. T.J. Miller is effective as Deadpool/Wade Wilson's BFF Weasel, but he feels like he was just ported over from HBO's Silicon Valley, where he plays a startup bro. Ajax, the movie's main villain, is sinister (and good-looking), but his mutant ability — not being able to feel pain — doesn't make him feel like much of a threat. Too overrated, i think the jokes that are included in the movie are interesting, but to be honest the plot is kinda boring and made me bored while i'm watching this.for me the plot is the vital point of movies, if this movie were more focused on the plot than the jokes, i think it'll be better and more exciting. This movie was like bunch of jokes with some plot, not a plot filled with bunch of jokes. i'd give this movie high rating if they built more plot.this movie are overrated and i don't want to watch a sequel as boring as this Truly awful rendition of a Marvel superhero. Turgid, adolescent and inane, routine CGI effects and a plot you could write on the back of a postage stamp. The so-called comedy lines are expelled as if from a failing gattling gun, interspersed with fantasy fillers including masturbation, soft toys and sex in Christmas sweaters. If this is you're thing - I suppose, go for it. Everyone else stay well clear. Had this been counter-balanced in any way by a genuine malevolence from our "hero" there may have been some redemption, but the violence is all just meaningless, cartoonish and blah.Incredible that the back story involves Deadpool's attempt to "win back the girl" when he, and everything else in this waste of money movie is so overwhelmingly camp. Right up to the end credits when our hero, as a cartoon, jerks off a unicorn's horn to produce an ejaculate made of rainbows and fairy-dust. Truly, this is the very stuff this risible movie is made from. This Movie marketing is much better than the movie itself! I expected, it would be great, well-directed, and well-written, but the fact is: it's just 'Kick-Ass' with 'Marvel' package. Violence, comedy, romance, violence, comedy, romance, violence, comedy, romance. Pointless. Meaningless. Bad script. Bad directed. So many movies have better romance story, 'The Raid' has better action scenes, and the jokes in this movie are crude, dumb, and dirty. With a bunch of pop references that will get outdated fast. Not even understood by people outside America. This movie tries so hard to entertain, but it's boring! It's absolutely cheap, this movie just tries to make you laugh, that's all, there's no good stroy! Mark Wahlberg should be in it. Most over-hyped movie so far. This the most smart-ass, smug and arrogant film I have ever seen. It is like an annoying teenager who won't stop shouting and swearing to get your attention before saying "I don't care what you think" when you know very well they do care what you think. It wants to seem fresh and clever but panders to it's unpleasant teenage audience by including mediocre violence, a linear Super Hero origin movie plot, limited fourth wall breaks that are not creative and constant swearing. The narrative structure is irritating as it constantly flips back and forth in time which stops you becoming engrossed in the action. The main character is very unlikeable. He comes across as an aged school bully and the other characters are not memorable at all, particularly the bland villain and the protagonist's girlfriend who is a stripper (that's not sexist at all). He only breaks the fourth wall by talking to the audience which so many other films do already and the satire doesn't work as it seems just like the films it's satirising just with more swearing. The only clever joke I recall is the opening credits that I won't spoil if you actually want to watch this film. From then on it is boring, unpleasant rubbish. I probably wouldn't hate it so much if it wasn't so smug. This movie is awful and is only liked by 10 years old. It's pointless and half the movie doesn't make sense. Don't waste your money or time. Only fan boys and people who don't take movies seriously enjoy these type of dumb movies. I guess it takes no plot, terrible acting and a few funny jokes to make a movie. The fact this movie made so much money is beyond me. There was no effort involved. The director , the producer and actors should be ashamed. They're robbing you of your money and times. THEY JUST MAKE A FEW FUNNY JOKES AND ITS RATED A HIGH 8 RATING LIKE IS THAT ALL YOU NEED A FEW FUNNY JOKES AND NO PLOT WHATS SO EVER TO MAKE A "GOOD" MOVIE!!!!!! I can go on and on but just don't waste your time !!! Deadpool sucks!!! I'm so glad to see that there are actually other people on the planet who think this film was terrible. Everyone is losing their minds over the film on social media billing it as the best film they've ever seen ever. I think its got something to do with 'breaking the fourth wall' (something Malcolm in the Middle did expertly), making jokes only funny in a 13 year-old boy's changing rooms, unnecessary graphic violence and nudity which is absolutely unnecessary... that is until you realise that this film has been written by/for people who still think farts are funny. The humour in this film isn't even as sophisticated as White Chicks or Scary Movie. It's not a parody either. As an example, the guy behind the bar delivers his lines like he's reading them for the first time. No comic timing, no life, no urgency. That may be his character but whatever comedy is supposed to be in his dialogue goes missing immediately. They also take jokes too far. Sometimes, just leading a viewer into the realm of a joke is fine, leave them there, let them get it themselves - not Deadpool. It's like they knew people with the sense of humour of a 9 year old would be relishing every pointlessly gory banal second and they not only explain the joke, but they keep talking a good minute after the joke has been, gone and not been laughed at; still telling the same joke. In short - no, this is not the best film you've ever seen ever. For that (in a comic book adaptation), go watch The Dark Knight or The Avengers. This film's storyline, jokes and content have all been either written by or for adolescent boys who still think 'boobies' are things to snigger behind your hand at at the back of a biology lesson. Everyone involved in this film needs to grow up and so do the people leaving 10 star reviews. I'm sure if they watched Postman Pat the movie and he swore, they'd give that 10 stars too. The first question i want to give to everyone here: how this got more, than Three colors, Grand Hotel Budapest or more than English Patient? Here is NO any director's work, here is NO actor play it is just extremely boring and defective movie for kids, not for an adult person.I can get that many people like comics films, OK, but so huge amount of toilet humor, so huge amount of vulgar in bad sense of this word, it is not really comics film, it is just some kind of mix cheap comedy, thriller and a superhero film. I literally felt myself ashamed during watching this, like someone can see me watching this and get bad opinion about me.If my review will be publicated, person who a reading this and deciding to watch or no, please, spend you're time during watching one of those films, that i listed before, not watching this. This was one of the worst films I have viewed in years and appropriately, it should have been named Dread Pool.In reality, this film made absolutely no sense whatsoever. A Batman like character uses profanity as if it is going out of style and to gain sympathy of the viewers, we are informed of his terminal cancer diagnosis.What was this movie essentially about? Who was that old blind woman carrying heat?How the Golden Globes could even consider Ryan Reynolds for best actor in a musical or comedy for this farce is shocking.Thank the Lord he didn't win the award.There is enough violence is this miserable film to last for a life-time. This has become my 21 y/o son's new favorite movie. My 16 y/o daughter loves it too. They both love comic-book movies but my wife, who (like me) can take them (Batman) or leave them (...lots to list here....) also liked it.I don't get it. I have a pretty high tolerance for profanity (I made it thru Straight Outta Compton without flinching) and am willing to get past excessive violence if there's something left when you get past all that (The Matrix is one of my top 5; I loved City of God; ...) but when you strip away the (sometimes clever) profanity and well-staged violence there's literally nothing left here.I don't get it. of a movie that tries to be cliché. At one point I had to ask myself if the dialogue and jokes were written by a ten year old. The movie tries so hard to stay true to that edgy annoying shtick that was laid out, and ends up looking tryhard in the process of trying to be tryhard, if you catch my drift. The "humor" was extremely predictable. The plot was extremely predictable. You have to be simple-minded to enjoy this tripe. I love dark, sarcastic and dry humor, but this movie was a terrible attempt. That this movie has a 7+ rating shows you how simpletons easily fall victim to the hive mind hype carried out primarily by comic-dorks who struggled with aspergers in high school and their social life in general. I think it is too bad that they are warping the super hero genre with all of the stupid juvenile sex jokes. It's like they wanted to mix the humor of the movie 'Superbad' which is aimed at that kind of purulent dung. How many F bombs, nudity and references to masturbation can your movie contain? They even included a scene of cartoon characters humping. Supposedly Ryan Reynolds visited sick kids dressed up like Deadpool, warping sick kids minds one child at a time. 'Gee mom and dad, can I see the Deadpool movie? My new hero is Deadpool.' As one who grew up reading Marvel comics this is very depressing. I'm sure this will be only the beginning of perverting the franchise the box office count was so very successful. This world is getting sicker and sicker. I'd never heard of this film, the only reason I sat through it all was because I was on a long distance flight and it was part of the inflight entertainment. Entertained, I was not. Now there are two kinds of bad films, ones that are so bad they are funny and the others that are just bad, unfortunately this falls into the latter category. It would not be possible to put a plot spoiler in this review, since the film has no plot. Basically, someone decided to make a film with the usual explosions, car crashes and gun fire and put a really camp guy in a red suit and give him as many awful unfunny one liners as possible. To perfect the badness of the awful script they found a really bad actor to deliver unfunny lines, although granted, even Al Pacino could not make this script good.The only thing fascinating about this film is the fact that somebody made it, edited it and released it, not noticing how truly awful this film is. If I were an actor, I would be so embarrassed to be associated this film. This really could go down as one of the worst films ever made, but not in a good way. I would not have believed with a budget of $58,000,000 somebody could make such a truly terrible film, it's just incredibly bad. The most misogynistic of all of Marvel's characters. I can see why Fox never wanted to film it. The script is loaded with sexist, borderline racist, pseudo-intellectual drivel (obscure pop cultural references are stupid, not smart). Why the hell would a middle-aged, disabled, African American woman put up with Ryan Reynold's arrogant white frat boy stupidity? My first reaction to seeing him lean on Big Al's shoulder was to punch his head. In Deadpool's world there are two types of women. The first is like his real life wife (Blake Lively)--the "good woman"--thin, anxious, insecure, helpless, religiously adheres to the trappings of traditional womanhood, and lives only to make sure her boyfriend/husband doesn't leave her by crowning him the center of her universe. Then there are all the other women--the lesbian, the un-feminine, the older woman, the strong/violent woman, the woman that has other priorities than to run around pleasing men like it's the sole purpose of her existence (reality check: most women have a heckuvalot more problems and responsibilities in life than to run in circles trying to make some guy happy--it's adolescent male arrogance to assume otherwise). These are the "inappropriate" women and their silence is in stark contrast to Deadpool's endless prattle. No smart alec retorts will ever come from them because only Deadpool and his white male friends are allowed to be vocal and "witty". In Deadpool's world white male privilege reigns supreme. Neither women nor people of color are permitted to have a personality, strong opinions, or an attitude.I am a huge science fiction and fantasy genre fan. If Fox and Marvel are going to keep churning out sexist, racially insensitive crap like this, I'll be voting with my dollar and watch something less insulting at the movies. Why did I waste time in order to see this movie, that I don't get...1. Desperate Ryan's effort to be funny made me bored.2. Mix of humor/irony + a little bit of romance and sex + a little bit of blood and broken ribs are not always the recipe to Hollywood success. 3. Girl's attempt to be sweet and leave the underworld couldn't make you feel sympathy. I will not even refer to his friend and the rest superheroes who seemed to get bored with the movie the way I did.Overall another failure for marvel, who wanted to produce something easy to digest... I was really looking forward to Deadpool as I'm a Ryan Reynolds fan and it's rated R.However the humor is toilet humor. It's about farts, jerking off and comments about actors, including Reynolds himself and other movies.The plot is that Wade Wilson gets terminal cancer and in order to save his life he agrees to undergo an experiment that will give him the power to heal. However Ajax, the man that turn people into mutants and sometimes just kill them, can't be trusted. And Ajax, who is the villain is played by the awful Ed Skrein from the awful reboot of Transporter. Ajax tortures Wade and the lab explodes (I can't remember why) and Wade has become scarred and takes the new identity as Deadpool. He starts to kill a lot of people looking for Ajax. But even though the movie is rated R, some scenes where he tortures badguys are actually not shown. Ajax in a desperate attempt to stop Wade kidnaps Wades boney girlfriend and Wade has to get help from the two most annoying X-men characters I have ever seen. Some lesbian looking teenage girl with a shaved head and a cgi-Russian guy made out of metal.The violence is awesome and a welcome change from the bloodless Marvel violence. However all the violence can be seen in the red band trailer and the rest is crap. So if you've seen the trailer, I recommend not watching the movie as you will be really disappointed.Bringing X-men into the movie is annoying as hell as I've always hated the X-men. And Wade talking to the camera gets really annoying after a while.On top of that the action itself is disappointing as this is clearly a low budget movie.Avoid this and watch the first Kickass movie (not the second one!!!) if you like violent superhero movies. Its an overrated movie with curses written by some 12 year old. No story, no real plot, the film could have done without the villain. This film deserves a 5 or 6 stars at the highest. The reason I am giving it a 1 is due to its over rating. The film mainly attract audiences of 16-25 years. Just a cash grab film. Simply marvel's worst. And there's the feminism there. The heroine always has to save the hero now. Ryan's acting was good in this movie. It suited him. The cgi wasn't bad. But if this movie were to come out before the Iron man then it would've got 4-5 stars. There are some marvel films which deserve higher rating instead of this movie . I tried to enjoy this movie. I gave more effort into trying than I've ever attempted. It was a sorry excuse for a movie. I'm sure this movie adds more to the stereotype of how truly messed up American culture is...teenagers consumed with sex, beer, and drugs, who have an EXTREMELY limited vocabulary. The only reason I didn't walk out was because I was visiting my brother in another state. It's kind of hard to walk out of a movie theater and go home when you don't know where the hell you are. This movie took two hours of my life I will never get back...they could have been spent watching a movie that was actually original and not coated with the F word more than Louisiana was coated with water two years ago. I sat through Napoleon Dynamite...which, in my opinion, was terrible. But at least that movie was slightly original.If it hadn't been rated R, this would have been the perfect movie for an eight year old...it seems like only people with the brain of one could possibly enjoy such trash. I don't understand how this movie can have a rating of 7.9. Maybe the people voting on this one first reduced their IQ's by about a 100 points. I think that the name of this movie says it all. When you go to see it (which I suggest you don't) you can expect to have a SUPERBAD time. The maker of this movie seems to have no train of thought. The storyline is completely mind numbingly dumb. The two main characters are completely gay for each other. You can hear the word "fuck" at least 2 million times in the movie making your ears sick of hearing it by the end of it. Add to all this it is two hours long at the end of which you might feel like killing yourself. Take my word for it skip this movie, its as bad as it could get. I had to think back over the plethora of movies I've seen, and this is the worst piece of garbage, hands down, that I have ever seen produced. Of course, mass audiences are eating it up, much like they eat up the swill at HomeTown Buffet, replete with it's new and improved sneeze guards. If you loved the likes of "Men In Black", "True Lies", "American Pie" or any Jackie Chan movie, you'll probably love this stinker. Likewise, if you don't understand why I'd use the aforementioned films as criteria when they ostensibly aren't of the same genre as this pile of feces, let me offer a simpler litmus test: Do you laugh uproariously when people say the words, "tits", "fart", "booger", "vagina", or "dude, I'm gonna hurl!" in no particular context other than just saying the words? If so, this movie is for you. If none of these tests apply to you, save yourself the extreme boredom and waste of spending more than 1 second on this worthless endeavor. I started squirming from boredom during the opening credits and stuck it out, for reasons unknown, up until the midway point before I had to leave. It was the first time I actually felt like replicating that scene from "Family Guy" where Stewie flew out to Hollywood to slap a director in the face for causing him to waste 90 minutes of his life on such a patently worthless and unentertaining disaster. This movie was insipid, uninspired, vapid, tiresome, trite and wasn't even effective at its attempts at vulgarity. The characters and dialog were loathsome as was the direction and writing. I'm sure it will be a box office smash given the putrid tastes of American audiences. Something that hasn't been picked up as frequently as I suspected it might have been is the 'trivia' section fact that the idea for this, er, 'movie' was dreamt up by two 13-year-olds.Boy, does it ever show. In 30+ years of movie-going I have never seen such a pile of puerile, unfunny, self-indulgent nonsense.Quite disgusting, and it's incomprehensible to me that anyone over the age of ten could find this plot less mess amusing or worthwhile.Thankfully it's no longer the case but to see this odious crap in the IMDb top 250 a few weeks ago was staggering. It's slipped away now that the brain damaged people who rate this film have left their '10' and been readmitted to their secure unit.At one point, this film rated higher than Scarface. The latter film is the topic of discussion and retrospectives well over two decades after its release and I would bet than in another couple of decades people will still be talking about Tony Montana's exploits. 'Superbad', if there is a God, will be forgotten by Christmas. Amen to that.Avoid this prurient rubbish at all costs, unless you have a mental age of 10, in which case 'Superbad' is the mothership. This is the regular college comedy crap you always see. Same perveted jokes, same perverted characters. Look! Here's Jonah Hill. Who would have guessed he would be in another high school/college movie like Accepted? He is the worst actor ever. Get used to it.The movie is just awful. They spent about five minutes about Seth's obsession with using his artistic skill to draw the human male reproducing organ known as a Penis. Haha.. He's drawing a penis at the age of eleven? Where have I seen this before? You can just guess for yourself.Furthermore, this movie is just awful. I do not recommend it but you can see it at your own risk. And for crying out loud, don't bring your children. I don't want to have to sit at another R rated movie with an eleven year old saying, "COOL!" I would give this film a negative rating if I could. Although saying that, I'm not sure if I can give it a fair rating because I walked out of the cinema. This was by far the worst film I have EVER seen, and I've seen a few bad ones! The characters are annoying, and there was no dialogue apart from all the possible profanities you can think of. Don't get me wrong, crude can sometimes be funny, hell I quite liked American Pie and 40 Year Old Virgin, but they at least had a bit more depth than this waste of our money. Cringe factor out of 10 was 100000 for this movie. It was vile, truly vile. I lasted till the part with "the blood" (those who have seen it will know what I'm talking about), when I looked at my boyfriend and we both decided enough was enough. It takes a lot to make me truly uncomfortable when watching a movie but Superbad took it to a whole new level. Please don't waste an hour and a half of your life watching this garbage. I don't think I watched enough of 'Superbad' to be able to review it fairly, if I'm being honest. I lasted until just after the section that recounted Seth's childhood obsession with drawing dicks, and realised "hey, it's sunny outside, I'm in swingin' London.. I have literally got better things to do than sit here and watch this". Congratulations to 'Superbad' on being the first film that I have ever walked out of.Big slaps in the face to intelligent media like the Guardian for hyping this up as a rip-roaring comedy. I liked previous Apatow films, but this just wasn't funny. At all. It was incredibly dull, nothing but end-to-end euphemisms for breasts, vaginas and shagging with no actual dialogue inbetween. Not a single laugh was heard in the half-full cinema up to the point where I left. Not one single giggle. Does that sound like a rip-roaring comedy to you? I gather after I left, there was some plot and character development, and it actually got funny, but the first half hour was just too stinky for me to sit through, to get to the better bits. Ah well. Thought this was going to be funny. Turned it off half-way through and replaced it with Fast Times to try to relieve the depression "Superbad" thrust upon us.This was a weird buddy movie. "Friends" talking about how to hide a boner and how great it felt? Are you kidding me? Reminded us of those feminine deodorant commercials where the women talk about their problem "odor". Huh??? I agree with the poster who laughed when the fat kid got knocked over by the car - that was funny for all the wrong reasons. And then the guy jumps out and says "I'll do anything?" I was waiting for him to offer "sexual favors". And when the two got into the car with the guy, I was waiting for them to be driven to be raped by a bunch of older guys or something.The two cops reminded me of Cadets Blankes and Harris, and I would not have been the least surprised to see a Blue Oyster Bar prominently featured.There seemed to be a strong sexual overtones throughout the movie, but it involved Seth, Evan, and McLovin and little else. I've heard tag lines that this movie will be "this generation's Porky's." Not even close. Tries way, way too hard and as a result is just plain stupid. Every other word is the F-word? Um, yeah, that gets old real fast. The plot is as old as they come: Male high school student buddies have two weeks 'til graduation, want to have sex before said school is out, must get alcohol along the way or this quest is apparently meaningless, experience unrealistic obstacles along the way, blah, blah, blah (yawn). Nothing unique here whatsoever. Just when there's an opportunity for a clever, funny line they decide "Hey, let's pepper that line with more F-words." Well, at least it lives up to its name, it is Superbad. I have to hand it to Apatow. If you hype any movie enough, you sell tickets. While the 40 year old virgin was good, and knocked up was an average comedy, this movie was sub-sub standard. Maybe, that's why they call it Superbad, because it really is. My wife and I could not wait for this movie to end. It dragged and dragged on.This movie sucked after the first ten minutes. It's like watching a Kevin Smith movie with the profanity, but without the comedy. If you want to see a great buddy profanity comedy, watch Clerks. Most of the dialogue by the 2 best buddies is very gay. Sure everybody knew someone like the fat guy that mouthed off in high school, but they weren't these characters who are practically flaming homos.The whole police chase was downright lame. Finally, I actually felt creeped out when the buddies meet a possible pedophile. "Hey are you guys on MySpace?" I recommend watching the first ten minutes then walking out. If you can't see the emperor's clothes, you are a fool. If you don't perceive the wit and cleverness of this movie you are a prude. It's the same con game. This movie wasn't just unfunny. It was antifunny. It was stupid. It was the soy filler of comedy.I don't mind crude, but it can't JUST be crude. Crude alone ain't funny. You can't shock people into laughter anymore. People have developed a tolerance to it. People used to tell dead baby jokes to try shock people into laughing. That doesn't work any more.Watching movies like this is to the mind as eating junk food is to the colon. You come away stuffed and bloated but still starving for the real thing. The movie wasn't at all funny. The lines weren't that good. I have to say I didn't laugh once. It was a waste of time. The director Judd Apatow needs to go back to making good movies like "40 year old virgin" instead of wasting his time on "superbad" and "knocked up". I'm sorry, but movies like "superbad" hopefully never come out on DVD. The movie was gross with teen out moments. The name McLovin? Are you kidding me? The cops have to be dumber than a bum to let him buy alcohol and think he is 21. I know, it's a movie, but if you want to make it realistic, then try HARDER Judd!!! The movie was filled with too many one-liners that will make you realize it's too much. Not even funny, unlike "anchorman." Superbad was superdumb Absolutely, categorically not a laugh in it. Anywhere.This is why 13 year old boys don't write films.And not just not funny. Dull. Really dull. Nothing happens.Some guys go to buy beer and go to a party, while their friend with his fake ID has some fun with his new cop friends. So? Don't people do this in real life? Is the name McLovin really that funny? Haven't any of your friends got ridiculous surnames?Honestly - your life is both funnier and more interesting than this.This kind of thing was done much better in the 80s with films like The Sure Thing. Giving it 1 and even that's generous. Grossly overrated movie i've ever came across, really makes me question people's morality and intelligence at the same point. Looking at it as a female made me scared. Seeing that nothing has changed, women are still inferior and only serve for some sexual object and that is it. Ugly guy gets a model looking girl...but could an ugly girl get a model looking guy? It's pure brainwashing, seeding false morality and abominated view upon women. I really am scared it got such high rating...what kind of a person thinks this is even remotely funny? I'm not a Christian i'm not 60 years old either. I'm 24 and a female and i do have values that seem to be lost or rare to find in this days society. Sadly. If you have similar point of view as i do don't even bother with this garbage of a movie. Waste of your money, time and brain cells. It felt like my IQ has lowered after watching it.Sorry for any possible grammar mistakes, English isn't my native language. The title says it all, Superbad is awful. It has got to be one of the absolute worst movies I have ever watched. Thank heavens I did not pay to see it. I would have demanded my money back if I had. There is zero to recommend about this movie. The characters are flat, at times making me cringe. If I found myself attending school with these three Neanderthals I would transfer immediately. The story line is pathetic,an embarressment to any thinking person. There was absolutely nothing interesting or entertaining about this movie. Garbage. Worth about as much as the celluloid it was made on, if celluloid is still being used. I can not in good taste recommend this movie to anyone with half a brain. Okay, I have to start this out that I barely made it through 20 minutes of this movie before I just had to turn it off. Maybe it's my age, but I have watched other "teen" and "young adult" flicks and found them at least cute. This movie should be renamed Super Awful. But the original title works just as well when describing this flick. I found none of the jokes funny, that the heavier kid had to use a 4-letter word every other word (or so it seemed), that the geeky kid was referred to as a homo, and well, just the general way they talked to one another, all this made the movie a major turn-off. I am around young people this age quite a bit (teacher), and have a son this age, and even he said he could not watch this horrible movie. My son at least made it to 30 minutes before he said he was not wasting one more second on this drivel. I can enjoy a vulgar movie. I can enjoy an immature movie. I can enjoy a movie full of profanity. The bottom line is that this movie is downright terrible. TERRIBLE!! The cinematography and sound are good, but other than that, I can't find anything good to say about this movie. It wasn't funny at all. The actors delivered completely lackluster performances. This story had so much potential for laughs and it was squandered.I honestly believe that the reviews and ratings of this movie have to be tampered with because there is no way this movie could score that high otherwise. It is simply the worst movie ever. With great difficulty I slogged through this movie because it was so highly rated that I was expecting something amazing to happen in the end. I was sorrowfully disappointed. I am thankful I didn't pay to see this thing or I would be angry. This movie was NOT funny, but rather a pathetic commentary on how badly American high schools prepare our population to create, uphold and operate a country of ethics, compassion and competency.I keep reading that this movie hits home with viewers, and that it reminds them of their own high school years.That fact makes this movie even sadder.This movie is not just basal and insulting, but it disgustingly selfish and lacks respect for women, intelligence, honor, or character.No wonder our country is so screwed up. Governments are a reflection of their people. We have become a stupid, vulgar lot. This was not a good film. Period. Honestly, on my personal rating scale, I would have probably given it about a 3/10. It had its moments here and there. Kind of. However, the hype surrounding this movie and all of the excitement about its poorly written, downright dumb jokes were outrageous. I'm tired of hearing people talk about Superbad. I'm tired of hearing its name compared to good movies. And most of all, I'm tired of people saying it was good because they heard it was. For all you uneducated folks who insist on hyping up this film, that's called "jumping on the bandwagon." Whatever guy of high authority used the words "good" and "Superbad" in the same sentence deserves to be locked in a room for a year with this so called "comedian" Jonah Hill. This movie was the epitome of the word "stupid" in all of its essence. From start to finish I was waiting. Waiting for something that never came: A good joke. Anything that would have let me leave the theater feeling the least bit satisfied. The filmmakers attempted to make a film that we could relate to. "We" being teenagers. Unless you are a dumb brick, you can't relate to this film. Quite simply, they failed in that sense. I mean, are we really this dumb? I beg you, if you wasted your money on a DVD of this film, watch it again, but this time keep this in your mind: This is how adults view us. This is how the world views us. Yes they probably made a bundle off this low budget piece of garbage. But I remind them, I'm still waiting for something that makes me laugh. So I vote they make a new film, maybe start fresh, throw in some guys who are actually funny. How bout NOT Jonah Hill...and let's just steer clear of Seth Rogen, because he isn't funny. "Knocked Up," another mockery of modern film making, was also crap. It's not like I don't have a sense of humor. I love comedies. Want to see a good comedy? Go watch Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Go see any film by Wes Anderson. Hell, I like the dumb ones too. I highly recommend just about anything with Jim Carrey or Steve Carrel. THOSE are comedians. So please try to avoid watching this if you haven't already been sucked in by all of the hype. Because (I'm sure that I'm not the first person to say this) "Superbad" was simply super bad. This is a movie I wish I'd never spent my hard earned money on. Believe me, I have seen LOTS of movies, especially comedies and this is one of the WORST I have ever had to suffer through. I kept watching hoping it'd get better but it didn't. The characters are annoying. You just want to scream 'LOSER' at them throughout. The dialogue consists mostly of all the curses you can think of. I must say, curses can work, because I quite enjoyed 40-Year Old Virgin, but in this movie, it's just pointless and makes you want to shove a soap down their throat.I usually look for something good in even the most horrible movies, but this - this has nothing good that I can say about it. Please, don't waste your time even thinking about watching this. wow that was the biggest waste of money i think i've ever made....i loved American pie and i've seen some bad movies but super bad was super...AWFUL... the humor was in poor taste and honestly my 14 year old brother could have written something better than this if i had more than two thumbs i'd put em all down but for now its a definite two thumbs way down i'd read the good reviews here on IMDb and it sounded pretty hilarious between the reviews and the previews but after going to see it not only was it disappointing but quite disturbing and at parts revolting not in a gross-out ha ha sort of way but in an oh my god... thats just sick from the moment the opening credits ended i could feel the brain cells start to die...and those that didn't die fled in terror. I'm not kidding, this one goes on my Top 5 Worst Movies EVER Made, and takes the #2 slot. The main character is just a fat, ugly, curly haired jackass that spends all of his time talking about how he wants to get laid...and in real life, no amount of alcohol in the world could help him out. It's a stupid movie that pretty much has guys treating women like a bunch of "sex-holes" and nothing else. I'm no feminist or prude, but this was awful. It had no point and no funniness. I hated it to the point where not even Seth Rogen could redeem it, and he's usually funny as hell. This is another one I couldn't finish, and there are very few out there that I can't sit through, so it had to have been real bad. I don't want to give anything away, but anyone with a brain, PLEASE SKIP THIS ONE!! Don't waste an hour and a half of your life. I can't believe people actually like this movie. It was vulgar and dirty and usually I have a really good sense of humor but I barely laughed at this movie and turned it off after less than 30 minutes. I don't even think this movie is worth seeing free on cable with it being cut by commercials. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen it's not worth the time or money. I wish I could get the time back from my life that I wasted watching this crap. Knocked up was so much better at least it had a good story. This movie is a like a amateur version of American pie which is basically the same "I have to have sex before I graduate story" and they do it much better. Well, the producers at least deserve some credit for truth in advertising. The title says is all. This flick isn't bad, or very bad, it's SUPER BAD. This probably would be of interest to a 13 year old boy who has just discovered masturbation. I'm a big fan of dumb movies but this one was so dumb. HOW DUMB WAS IT? If there were sub-titles they would be in crayon! If you want to use your time better just stare at the carpet. P.T. Barnum once said nobody ever went broke under estimating the intelligence of the pubic. If that's true, this movie should do very well. Then again, it's already out on DVD so I guess there weren't as many suckers as they thought there were. Give this one a pass. There are too many good films out there that deserve a look to waste your time and money on this. there's bad and there's super bad. this is just plain awful. think of the worst parts of Napoleon Dynamite and thats still better than this. target audiences are males from 17-25. anyone older than that is going to hate this.i don't know about the show these people were in but none of the actors are funny. None of the scenes or plots are funny, most are gross, lewd or sexually pointless.This is a movie for 15 year old boys. They'll love it!generally it's a sequence of unconnected events, really bad plot and dull stuff.now the cops that knock the main kid over and then pull a GUN on him? WHY? He has no reason to pull his weapon at all!These guys are having the worst night they could possibly have, so much going wrong for them, sidetracking them.Now the guy turning down not only a blow job but sex as well? Is he queer? So she's had a few drinks but he's still saying no, dude you are so GAY!That scene where their telling each other "I love you", how homo-erotic is that? The film just gets so GAY there! Queers!Guys that age don't have that kind of relationship, not even if their THAT drunk!The ending is rubbish too, the film just tails off with no real finish. This movie is terrible. What a poor excuse with all of the talent involved. I am so glad that Adam Sandler and his friends had fun making this piece of garbage. Next time include a paying audience in on the joke. It would have been nice if one joke (were there any?) would have worked. Did I mention that not one joke worked? Adam Sandler claims that he co-wrote this mess, but we all know there was never a script. Adam just called up his SNL drinking buddies and said, "Hey, Let's take a vacation and film it for $80 million and charge people for it". Adam Sandler plays just a lazier version of himself. There is nothing he does in his movie that is amusing, but he did manage to crack himself up in nearly every scene. So at least he has that going for him. (I know that Adam's character stepped on the line and that is why he grew up to be a jerk.) I don't think anyone told Chris Rock that they were filming a movie until after it was completed. He looks befuddled in every scene. It is a shame that he is so bad in this trash when he was so good in Death At A Funeral. His acting in this movie is the real kiss of death. Kevin James has never ever been funny and so I expected nothing from him and he delivered a grand slam. Kevin spends almost half the movie inside a KFC box. That is how embarrassed he was. Dennis Dugan did a lazy job of directing(?) this "woodland waste". It's like he just set the camera down and let these 5 men try to act around it. I bet he spent most of his time trying to convince the stars how funny each scene was. He should be Razzy nominated. I will skip to the end of the movie because nothing really ever happened. Out of nowhere comes not even half-baked melodrama with each couple overcoming some stupid problem. Each issue is brought up and resolved within 5 minutes and then never mentioned again! Why bother even brining it up in the first place because no one cares in the slightest. The final basketball showdown is filmed as if the entire crew fell asleep. I've seen more tension in a Dora the Explorer episode. Sandler's final lesion is worthless and really doesn't make much sense when you think about everything that has happened before it. Sandler's family was due for a loss and the evil guy was due for a win. What??? The evil guy was a jerk to everyone in the movie. And besides how do you know he was due for a win you haven't been in town for a long time. You know nothing about his life. How in the world does that insignificant game change that much? No one in the audience is buying that ending Sandler. No one. The women characters in the movie do nothing of note, are interchangeable and look as bored as they audience watching these 5 idiots try and make the lamest stuff funny. I won't mention the women by name to spare them of unfair blame. And last but certainly not least (or very least) is the acting duo (?) of Spade and Schneider. They are so bad that they make the acting in Troll 2 look Oscar worthy. Both should have to give up their SAG cards for this. I want to vomit just thinking of their acting again. They are worse then amateurs. I think both of them must be hiding a dark secret of Sandlers; otherwise why are they here. I have an idea for Adam Sandler's next movie. Please call it "Train Wreck". This way when it is released no one will be surprised when it sucks. I cannot believe the the depth of horrible acting, plot, and humour in this movie considering the comedic talent that was in this movie.It felt like the Adam Sandler said "lets just get together, and make some cash, who cares about a story or our credibility as comedians" WORST MOVIE I've seen in a LONG time.The only bright spot in the movie was the ending where you felt like you could have and end to this travesty and total waste of time. I was so mad at myself for watching this to the end, which by the way seemed to take forever to get to.If you like Adam Sandler movies this one doesn't even compare, it's the worst movie he's ever done. This had so much potential. Lots of big names, and good premise. The first 30 minutes of the film are cringe-worthy. No laughs period. The movie starts by showing all the actors in a basketball game which they won a championship. They are children. Then we see them as grown adults. All the typical stereotypes are present. Adam Sandler plays a rich Hollywood Agent (whatever that is?) who has a wife who barely speaks English and 2 spoiled kids who play video games all day! Are kids like this is real life? This was a horrible movie. Please don't watch or rent it and put money into the actors pockets. They should be embarrassed they made this pile of crap! This gets my vote as the worst movie I have watched in a long long time! Rarely do I have the urge to beat up the people connected with a film, but thats the case with Grown Ups possibly the least entertaining film Adam Sandler and crew have been attached to.The plot has a bunch of guys, connected by a winning basketball team in their childhood all coming together after the death of their coach. Their lives are miserable and their families terrible but lovable, but coming together they find its all been a wonderful life.Or something.Its rich whiny stars playing rich whiny people in a story that is fake as they come. There are no characters their are only situations and punch lines. At no point did I feel any of these people or situations were real. It just felt like I was being put on and sold a bill of goods.I really didn't like this film at all. Usually i am a big fan of Adam Sandler, Chris Rock and most of all Kevin James. I was actually somewhat excited to watch this movie. How ever when i walked out with my friends, i was telling them, it might be one of the worst movies i ever saw. The humor is shallow and it is a pathetic attempt for laughs. Most jokes were so predictable that they lost all sense of humor about them. The directing was appalling. The story was boring. I pray that there is no Grown Ups 2. Another factor that is irritating is Adam Sandler and his pals. after the many funny movies they made it becomes repetitave and you ask yourself why cant there be a different cast for once? This is a harsh review but exactly how I feel a few hours after watching it - unhappy and depressed! I looked at the front cover of the DVD in tesco, it looked fun, was £3 and promised lots with some of the best comedy actors in the business, I was excited to see it, I love Sandler, Buscemi, Rock, James and Schneider...then......Two hours later... I was wondering whether to hang myself or convince myself that times have changed and this is what comedy is now. This film is without a doubt one of the unfunniest funny films ever.There can be no real spoilers for there is no real plot - that's okay though, some films without plot are some of the best ever made - but this is just badly written and it's one of those films where every scene you're watching: you're thinking to yourself "Well, my Nan could have made that scene funnier" (by writing it, not starring in it!) I've turned away from Hollywood before and if this is the new future of comedy then count me and millions of others out.Is this the final nail in the coffin of the career of Adam Sandler? Maybe! But when 'Men in Black 3' is funnier than the latest Sandler film then you know that something has gone terribly wrong. This has actually been £3 wasted and I've never said that about a film before.If you want a film to make you go "huh, that was kinda comical" three or four times in a tedious two hour sitting then this is it, if you want to have a good laugh and feel good about yourself after - head off elsewhere! Saw this turd on HBO. Thank the lord I didn't pay movie-ticket money on this atrocious assault on the collective intellect of the world. Unfunny, unoriginal, and insulting. Characters suck. Plot sucks. Acting sucks. Directing sucks. Cinematography sucks. Lighting sucks. Sound sucks. The first grip sucks. The stand-ins suck. Wardrobe sucks. The catering probably sucked. The writer's moms suck for squeezing the authors of this movie out of their vaginal walls and burdening the world with this hunk of crap immemorial. I would sooner have an aids-infected spider monkey straddle my cranium and fornicate to fruition into my ear canal than watch this monumental disaster again. How is this crap at 5.9? one of the worst movies that I have ever seen.Now before you say that I have no sense of humor, I will say that I'm a big fan of some of Adam Sandler, Kevin James, and Chris Rock. David Spade and Rob Schnider? Not so much. I loved The Waterboy, Hitch, Madagascar, Funny People, Dogma, Good Hair, The King of queens, Spanglish, Punch drunk love, happy gilmore etc.So I do like these actors. That's why I was so disappointed. This films a mess. No plot. No characters. The jokes are dull as hell. The humor is so lowbrow. The script is so flat. The actors do their best with what they're given, but it's not enough.and to make things worse, the film is just boring. From the very beginning, I was checking the time. I maybe chuckled twice. That's not enough. These guys probably had a lot of fun making this movie and they probably thought that they were being really funny, but I just didn't feel the same way. I was bored, irritated, and disappointed. I'm going to keep this short and sweet. I never write reviews on IMDb but I couldn't resist this one. This movie is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Don't waste your time watching this...Cannot believe Adam Sandler did this movie. I almost turned this movie off watching it and I don't usually do that either. I'm not sure how anyone could even think this movie is good at all. If you like this movie you probably have terrible tastes in movies. I was angry that I wasted 5 dollars to rent this on-demand. Also might I add that I think it is dumb that I have to write at least 10 lines of text when I do not need ten lines to say how bad this movie is and save everyone their time and money. To sum up this movie in the least time possible, One would be better off lighting a candle and watching it burn until it's gone. Magnolia Matt paint drying on a wall is far more entertaining than this movie. however they managed to get all these people to finish making it is beyond me. Don't waste your time. Adam sandler and the rest of them seem to be sleepwalking through this movie, We managed 40 minutes of it until we looked at each other wondering why we were wasting a perfectly good evening watching this rubbish. My only advice is to avoid at all costs unless your idea of a good evening is watching paint dry. No plot No comedy. no nothing really. I watched this film at a friends house after a dinner party.From beginning to end I found this movie to be shockingly bad. The film centres on a slob who we have to imagine is successful (Adam Sandler) who lives in Beverly Hills with a family accustomed to city- living. Their child only drinks Voss water. Another slob (Kevin James) has a four year old child who demands to drink only milk that is his mother's breast milk and this same joke is repeated horrifyingly throughout the film. The climax of the film ends in some kind of basketball square-off between two groups of high school friends while the spectators, all back country rednecks wearing US flag shirts, cheer on.The whole movie is like an SNL reunion of mostly has been actors. Steve Buscemi makes a fool out of himself for a laugh.I cannot believe that with all the movie ideas that are shelved that this movie is somehow produced. This is the worst film I have ever seen. I find it disappointing that this film grossed many millions of dollars while other films (many outside of the Hollywood trashcan) which receive little advertising and don't make it to the cinemas are exponentially better. There are VERY few films I can't make it all the way through, in fact almost none. This is one of them. I actually really like many of Adam Sandler's previous films (not so much recently). I think Chris Rock is a hilarious stand up genius. The fat bloke I'm not familiar with (in Britain). David Spade gives me the absolute creeps - the only time I found him watchable was in Joe Dirt. Rob Schneider has done some passable comedy, apparently...I don't think there was any purpose to this film other than getting together a bunch of well known/semi-well known comedians and have them bounce dialogue off each other. It just doesn't work though, in fact it's painfully unfunny. After about the first 20 minutes you realise 'this is it'...How (the declining) Sandler and Rock thought this was a good move (or even a releasable movie) is beyond me.You can expect: Utterly unrealistic characters (and not in a funny way). (pathetic and constant) Fart jokes. (bad) Fat jokes. (bad)'Foreigner' jokes. Horrific 'lovable' banter between middle aged drooling sexist cretins that is supposed to be endearing. No semblance of a plot at all. Even 'Wild Hogs' had the formulaic plot of buddies meeting up after a long absence and managed to amuse quite well...Also, quite a mean spirited and obnoxious film, as has been observed by others.Sandler, you've done some hugely enjoyable comedy films - what happened? Rock - just, why?? Fat bloke - I don't know who you are but you being fat seems to amuse Americans. Rob Schneider - you have done some comedy that other people like. David Spade - you are as creepy as ever and bizarrely supposed to be attractive to women in the film?Do yourself a favour and watch Waterboy, Anger Management, Happy Madison or a Chris Rock stand up show for laughs. I'd hate for anyone to waste money and time on this stinking t#rd. I think the worst thing had to be the sentimental scenes from childhood, lambasted with child humour. Completely unfunny jokes, the fact that they used other characters laughing to make you laugh because the scenes were not funny (in the church, all the characters laugh and snigger while a character sings Opera, it's not funny, but they bring in a veritable television audience to laugh in the crowd so you might laugh along, like a sheep).There's a bit where they all get on a boat randomly. They talk for a while before the gag in the scene happens. This was so cliché, corny and sentimental prior to the joke that I actually don't remember a line of dialogue, I even said to my friend next to me "I phased out during that what'd they say?" And he said "I have no idea either". Enough said.His wife gets angry and storms off to the toilet, they decide to stay a while and she storms off with a toilet seat protector stuck to her bum. It's completely basal humour. It's not funny at all, completely desperate. The film is laced with them, as well as a comedic sidekick in the guise of vegan wannabe Rob Schneider (worst actor ever? Possibly).The amount of misogynistic staring at bottom jokes and looking at breasts is off the scale. Actual breast milk jokes. There is nothing funny in this film, but there's a lot of sad sad moments. Watching Adam Sandler's career melt into irrelevant middle age is probably the saddest. I have watched about 10 minutes of this trash and just know I am never going to get to the end of it. I love Kevin James (as Doug Heffernan), he is a talented comic actor. Even Chris Rock is bearable (when you hear him do voice over for Everybody Hates Chris) . Schneider sucks big time and Sandler is the worst waste of film time that exists right now. I have tried a few of his movies and never understand why I keep being such a glutton for punishment. There is absolutely nothing to recommend this pile of crap. How they got anyone to bankroll such a weak concept and rubbish script is beyond me. I have not managed to even crack a smile yet. I believe Sandler himself was responsible for the writing - it only serves to underline his extreme good luck that no-one seems to have called him on his ineptitude. Kevin James is the best thing in this but that is no compliment. The Grownups is, to me, a sad film. What's presented here is several comedian actors, failing to do anything even remotely funny. the jokes are f*cking terrible, the acting is cookie-cutter at best, and overall its just f*cking dull. Watching this is kind of like watching standup on amateur night, everything feels forced and despite the fact that it never once induces laughter. I dunno about these other guy's screenings(i'm pretty sure every other review here is bullsh*t), but when i saw it the audience was practically dead, near the ending there was snoring coming from behind my seat. the only good thing about this movie is that martin lawrence isn't in it. predictable trash with forced jokes and a generally sh*tty story, this movie failed to entertain me on all levels, therefore i give it a one. stay the f*ck away from this mess of a film What happened to the funny Adam Sandler movies? Grown Ups is proof that Adam Sandler is lazy and thinks the public will watch anything. He promoted this movie one year before the actual release date. The commercials were so embedded in our brains that we had to see the movie. Plus, what appeared to be the best cast on paper, I said "Maybe Adam Sandler's best movie ever?". But the movie was a fail from the start. The comedy was nowhere to be found. I wasn't even sure they were using a script in multiple scenes. Sandler must have made this movie for a big paycheck for himself and his closest SNL buddies (gross revenue $271,430,189). Oh, and so he could get his hands on Selma Hayek. I sat in awe as the sheer incompetence happened before me on screen. Characters laughing at their own jokes, and my parents laughed along as if every joke was the funniest thing in the world. I laughed like twice but that's it. The rest of the time I fake smiled along with every other dumb joke. This movie is bad, I don't care what people say. Adam Sandler just doesn't care anymore. Click, while not perfect, at least was funny and had some sort of care or style. This movie is just flat and boring. 1/10, won't watch again. In this movie the only that I like is Adam Sandler but I belive that he would do better movies I was coerced into seeing this film in theaters, which my entire party soon regretted. There is, quite simply, a shortage of hate-charged words to describe how I feel about this movie.Since it is supposed to be a comedy, I'll start off on that subject: almost all of the humour was insultingly stupid. Whenever the audience around me would laugh at something that almost literally physically pained me, I wanted to stand up and shout, "DON'T ENCOURGE THIS!!!" Quite frankly, it's a miracle I didn't. The few funny lines were surrounded by so much idiocy that I can barely remember any of them.Moving on, the plot line (or lack thereof) was absolute manure. Throughout the entire film, we simply throw five different families, each of which has enough going on to be a movie unto themselves, into the same location and watch what unfolds. No single subplot was given enough prominence to be considered the main conflict. Subplots would be resolved really early in the film, forcibly dragged back up, and quickly resolved a second time. Throughout the movie, there was a running gag about Kevin James' bad health, which one would think would turn into a major part of the story. Well, that just makes too much sense. Instead, Kevin James gives the revelation nearly at the end that he was recently fired and can't find a job, which wasn't foreshadowed at all. And, his poor health serves to just get him out of the way so that Adam Sandler can complete his subplot with his son. Most of the many subplots were resolved by a spontaneous scene in which everyone simply talks everything through, with no sense of conflict whatsoever. The antagonists of the movie, while the funniest parts, were hardly ever on screen, never developed, and their inclusion in the "story" made little sense.If my review spares one person from violating themselves with this abomination passing itself off as entertainment, my sacrifice will have been worth it. I have never posted a review here before but I felt compelled to after watching this sad excuse for a movie. I did not laugh a single time during the whole movie despite so many apparently funny actors. It seems like most of the crew were ready to fall asleep at any time. The movie did not flow from scene to scene and it seemed like they were making up the movie as it went along. I watched it with 2 of my friends and they did not like it either. Someone had to have realized it was going to be a terrible movie during filming as none of the jokes were even funny so I'm surprised they came up with this garbage. Someone probably came up with the story in a day. Next time I will make sure to read reviews before checking out something from Redbox. I was somewhat curious to watch it because I saw Adam Sandler in Boston when he was filming the movie, but it would have been better to restrain my curiosity. Maybe laughed 5 times. These guys are all at the downfall of there careers and they are all trying way to hard, or maybe not hard enough. I hate movies that they market the #$@% out of and then they are awful. Its like they know it is going to be bad so we better market it. I want my money back. The kid actors were terrible as well and not funny at all. They were trying to throw some awful humor in there that was just not entertaining. I cringed when all the kids were trying to be funny with there yo humor. Who's kids really act like that? I think Adam Sandler needs to try some new kind of humor. The movie did seem longer than it really was, because it was so painful. Definitely a rental, do not spend money to go the theatre on this one. Wait until it hits the redbox then you can see it for a dollar. If you've seen the movie trailer, then you've already seen the movie. Look no further and search no more, because there is nothing more to it. There is nothing good about this movie, lame acting, poor script, and ordinary special effects. A good story turns into a bad script, and no matter how many actors you might want to bring in, it just is terrible. OK! Then we add a couple of sexy girls just to spice things up, but that doesn't really work! Well... may be with the teenage audience. So, I'm thinking may be the movie is just for the teenagers. In that case, I'm going to be very careful about his next movie in 2011. It's a terrible movie. Don't even rent it! Just watch the trailer online and that's all the laugh you'll get! Who was the intended audience for this film? It can't be children because there are a slew of statutory rape jokes (someone call the Special Victims Unit), and it can't be adults because there is no story. The best assumption I can come up with is that this movie was made for teenagers with short attention spans.It seems like the director is purposely trying to distract people from the fact that there is no point to this movie. The camera will often focus on random objects that in no way have any effect on the plot; moreover, there are weird subplots that are never resolved. I don't want to directly blame the visual editor because he can only do so much with the content that he's given, but this movie is super choppy. It's just not cohesive at all.I don't feel emotionally involved with any of the characters. Is there a struggle? I guess the theme of this film is that people exist, and as long as that's true, then things will happen. Maybe someone could come to a realization. Maybe that could influence the viewer into experiencing some sort of emotion. That being said, the two daughters in this film were extremely attractive (I've just been Dick Wolfed). The main flaw of this movie is that it just isn't funny. Every scene has a build up to a joke that fizzles out. It's difficult for me to believe that any writing was involved in making this film. If you want to watch a terrible movie and laugh, then pick up Tommy Wiseau's The Room or 2012. Both of these films are hilariously bad.Grown Ups makes me take the Mike Judge's Idiocracy more seriously. Maybe one day people will be able to sit back, sip a Brawndo, and enjoy this film. At first I had high hopes for this film when the promos were up all over town - HUGE billboards in LA along the 405 - but when the trailers looked lame and the main cast were doing the talk show circuit together I knew they were really begging people to buy tickets. When it showed up as avaialable for streaming on Netflix and there was nothing else to watch I decided to give it a chance. I was, as expected, disappointed.Such a solid cast of solid comedians with no direction. Each scene seemed disjointed and so many of the gags were random, probably worked in because maybe it seemed funny on the set at the time. Was I supposed to laugh when Selma Hayak comes out of the can with an ass-gaslet on her rear end? Why is she in this movie anyway? She is gorgeous, but not funny. Lame jokes that had nothing to do with anything are in abundance here because, as someone else pointed out, there was no quality control. As more stars, like Steve Buscemi, start to randomly show up as oddball, uninteresting characters, it becomes cleasr that this was just a chance for these people to get a pay check.Hopefully this will be the worst movie I see all year as I re-implement my Nothing Less than 3 Stars (out of 5 at Netflix) Rule. Sandler, like many successful people in the film-i.e Tina Feye,Steve Matin,Eddie Murphy Become so out of touch with why they were successful in the first place they have to over- compensate and just basically steal ideas from other people. The breast-feeding joke is straight out of the U.K T.V. series "Little Britan". Which i guess Sandler figured no one had seen. The arrow flying in the air is from "Garden State". Which I guess he figured not many people had seen the movie. Its not just that he stole the jokes, or rehashed his own material, the film is less than funny- negative 10 on a funny scale. And the utter waste of talent. I wished they could sue for joke stealing, he would be in court for a long time. Sandler is obviously suffering from some kind of mid-multi-millionaire-movie -star life crisis! And of course all he really wants is to be a serious actor and have his own Philidelphia. But not sure thats ever going to happen to him. Maybe he and Ben Stiller have lots to talk about, they are both trying to do the same things, caught between real actor and silly funny guy forever. Maybe they should be in contact with Steve Matin and they can all write clever plays and screenplays together! Better still Bill Murray, he knows all about it. Is it money that stops people from being funny or inventive or do they have too many people in the entourage who do everything for them? I think to put Steve martin to be compared with peter sellers is an insult. they could not choose a worse pathetic untalented actor. If you want to continue the film without Sellers you have to find someone with at least same respect as a comedian who can perform as close as possible to the original actor who made the series a success. Martin has nothing to compare with Peter Sellers, lousy humor of martin cant reach the class of Sellers. I cant understand how can directors make such a bad choice, they will be punished from low audience. I was a big lover of this series and I am greatly disappointed even angry with this, I hope they will realise and choose someone else if there is gonna be a next one. I knew I would be dragged to the theatre (my girlfriend is a Steve Martin fan). So I ensured she watched the The Return of The Pink Panther (the best of the original series with Peter Sellers). She didn't find it funny enough, but did accept that, for the time the jokes were new and that Sellers as Clouseu was exceptional. But the original is still a great film. From exotic locales to a stellar cast to an intelligent script -it had it all. This version is a bore. It is by far one of the most unimaginative scripts ever written for a comedy film. Steve Martin tries to be funny and fails miserably throughout. It looks like he didn't even study Sellers' Clouseau or wanted to do his own version (our advice: don't try and improve upon perfection). The jokes and gags for the greater part of the film were predictable and childish. Beyonce, the actor, is useless. Only Jean Reno as Ponton was somewhat tolerable. Even the accents, that were so funny in the original, are a damp squib in this one. Steve Martin's french accent is as authentic as a Chinese Frankfurter. The lesser said about Kevin Kline in this film, the better. Overall avoidable on any format. Go watch the original. That's a class act. I expected this movie to be really good but instead I was disappointed with the boring performance by all the actors in this movie it was just dull and pointless, the story went nowhere and for me it was not even that funny at all! The only funny part was the hamburger part where he's trying to say the word with an American accent but that was shown in the commercials so much that it ruined it for the movie! Steve Martin has done so much better in his other movies such as Cheaper By The Dozen that this was such a let down! I don't recommend watching this you'll only walk out of the theater yawning! I give it a 1/10! Not to mention how boring Beyonce was and then it all ends up being some professional trainer guy who steals the diamond, i'd be better off watching the cartoon at home! From the beginning I knew a prequel to the PINK PANTHER series would be an abomination. I did not, however, think it would be worse than I expected. I went to see the movie because I am a fan of Steve Martin and his writing. His attempt at either imitating or recreating the Clouseau role (whichever it was) was, in the very least, a failed accomplishment. The beauty of the Sellers "Clouseau" was the subtlety that Sellers brought to the character. He was clumsy as opposed to stupid. The real humor in the originals is that Clouseau would solve the case, more or less, by accident through his faults. Thus when he received acclaim it was that much more humorous. Martin's "Clouseau" is stupid and vain and has no likable traits. He actually has some police skills that help him in the end, but are not in the vain of Clouseau. He is NOT Clouseau. Why would anyone want to recreate a character that was perfect? Some may say to introduce the series to a new generation. I say buy the DVDs. They are well worth the investment. There is one good scene in the film, which revolves around a cameo by Clive Owen. Granted the scene contains inside jokes but if you get them then you'll laugh. However the scene has nothing to do with the story of the film and Steve Martin should be ashamed of himself for writing such rubbish. The bottom line Peter Sellers must turning over in his grave, but I am sure he's glad he is dead so he does not have to see his legacy damaged. One four letter word is all that is needed to sum this piece of tripe up, and it sure as hell isn't good, okay or fair. I hated it, it is insult not only to the original but also to Martin who seems to have taken to doing these god-awful remakes that in fact only serve to butcher the memory and heritage of the original film.Sellars turned a star performance in the Original and while it was extremely silly, it was not childish.I would suggest a better use of your time would be to drill a hole through your hand. I therefore poo poo this film utterly and without remorse. All the jokes are very predictable, there is nothing new in the story. Steve Martin is once again OVERRATED and after 15 minutes you want to leave the movie theater.To be very honest there are only two good jokes and parts of the soundtrack is very good.Sometimes the background out of focus is more interesting to watch than Steve Martin. Hopefully they won't make a DVD of this film!When I saw the film eight people were watching and only one guy were laughing.I found a total waste of time and money! Hollywood decision-makers have either no brains or no b#%*s -- or both. The Stink Panther is yet another example of a remake gone south. It takes such gall to defile a classic like The Pink Panther.Who does Steve Martin think he is? Why didn't they just dig up Peter Sellers' corpse and urinate on it? It would have been funnier and Peter Sellers would have thought it more dignified.I'm told 3000 scripts come to Hollywood every month. It is not conceivable so many are so horrible that The Stink Panther must prevail. What a waste of money. Steve Martin should give his salary back. I wish I could get back the money I paid for the tickets.Hey, Hollywood Bigwigs, get your heads out of your a%&*s and show some b#%*s. Showcase some new talent and get out of this horrid trend of insulting the intelligence of the American people with s*^%#y remakes.One can only hope The Return of the Stink Panther 2 is not on some storyboard, surrounded by idiots who have never ventured east of the San Diego Freeway. I knew, of course I knew it couldn't really be anything like the original - The word original in itself tells you something. But I went because I love and respect Steve Martin and thought that perhaps he had some ace up his sleeve and was going to delight and surprise everybody. Stupid me, really. But I couldn't possibly have imagine that the movie was going to be the moronic disaster it turned out to be. Not a moment of real comedy, not a moment! Leave poor Clouseau in peace! Invent something new! Greed, I imagine is at the center of it all. The famous franchise syndrome. Let's beat the whole thing to death, without realizing that it's been dead now for quite some time. The scenes between Kevin Kline and Steve Martin should have been classic (They were funnier in Grand Canyon) instead a sad forced unconvincing attempt to justify their pay checks. I'm totally disappointed and depressed. Having seen the Pink Panther series since its inception. The characters are known entities with built-in personalities and comedic value.Why then is the corpse of Peter Sellers spinning like the Bush Press corp.This is a turkey that must be killed, to save the memory and comedic value of the prequels.Adding Beyonce? Take the bitch behind the barn and leave her there. We saw enough of her empty headedness in Austin Powers. (leaving that series in stinkville).The best part of the film and the most telling is Steve Martin's (Clouseau) ignorance of the sound proof booth, giving him the chance to fart in private. Too bad Steve, not even a sound proof booth can keep the audience from smelling and hearing this stinker. I really don't understand Steve Martin!! First he tries dismally to revive the late great Phil Silvers character "Sergeant Bilko" and now he also has tried to revive equally dismally the late great Peter Sellers character "inspector Jacques Clouseau".Now don't get me wrong, I am a fan of Steve Martin but as I was checking out his movie history it dawned on me that he hasn't been funny in almost twenty years! If he had retired after "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" he would have had almost the perfect movie career. And would now be remembered as a legend of comedy just like Sellers and Silvers.But as with most actors, he doesn't know when to quit and he has now starred in two decades of Turkeys. Bowfinger is perhaps the only exception.Now back to the Pink Panther. It is a truly an awful film. His performance is lame to say the least. Peter Sellers Clouseau was a masterpiece; Martin is comparison a pale imitation. The problem is Martin has run out of original ideas. Like an aging pop star that has ran out of original material, he has reduced himself to singing covers.But in the Circus that is Hollywood one should always seek the high wire and never be the clown. So therefore perhaps its time Martin called it a day. What a waste of time and talent...... Kline, Martin, Reno... They should have known better, considering their age, talent and somewhat rich past. In this new Panther NOTHING works! Everything is SO mediocre and banal.... Sad to see Martin finally sank to fart jokes! Y'know the rest.... It gives one goose-pimples just to hear the actors speaking in English with Frech accents! There is also this very embarrassing scene where Closeau tries to learn the right pronunciations.... Man, c'est horrible! Why do they churn out such idiotic films in nowadays Hollywood? Do they have no talent left or do they think we the audience such stupid mushrooms????? Avoid at any cost! P-U this movie is one big stinker!!! How could anyone like this piece of garbage! Steve Martin is horrible as Inspector Jacques Clouseau, and could quite possibly take away the title for worst accents from Kevin Costner! I mean really Peter Sellers was a genius and that part was made for him but if Steve Martin can't do a French accent then get someone else! He tried to cover his lack of ability by pronouncing his "r's" as "w's" and it came out sounding like baby talk! Moderized gags and crappy jokes lead this stink bomb straight to the sewer. I took my kids to see this and they were not even impressed in the least and they are 15 and 10 years old! Don't waste your money seeing this in the theater, don't buy the DVD until it hits the $5.00 bin that way it won't cost much more than renting it and you can burn your copy after watching it that way you will get some satisfaction! After growing up watching the original movies I couldn't get into this. The timing of the humor is only one of it's many short falls. for anyone who have seen the real inspector Clouseau in action, played so well by Peter Sellers, this movie is not only a HUGE disappointment, but more of a personal insult. i 'm a huge fan of Steve Martin, but in this movie he is way off - at all times. i cant find one - 1 - single scene where he is remotely funny, and while watching it, i just wanna crawl under the table and cry, thinking to myself: why was this crap made? i wont start on any of the other actors, there is no need to. there is nothing positive to say, at all. and its not the actors fault, this ... accident of a movie. not even Steve Martins fault ... i try to convince myself ... even if he is in part involved in the screenplay. if someone invents a time-machine, please let me know, cause i want to go back in time, buy this script, and burn it.no matter what you do, it will be time better spent than to go and see this ... this ... major disappointment. Perhaps the worst movie "remake" ever. So bad it is painful to watch. Watching Steve Martin try to fill the shoes of Peter Sellers is like comparing Vinilla Ice to Mozart. I am actually surprised the film editors/soundtrack didn't include a laugh track with the movie...like a TV sitcom. Steve Martin takes everything Peter Sellers made hilarious and unforgettable: the bumbling ineptness,unintelligible french accent, and in the first 2 opening minutes had me wincing in pain. If you have seen any of the original PINK PANTHER/Peter Sellers movies, I recommend not seeing the Steve Martin PINK PANTHER movie ever. It is a mar on a series of movie classics and Peter Sellers. OK, I did laugh once...when Dreyfus said "perhaps you still are.." I can safely write the shorts review ever for this... It is Junk, a poor representation of the original genius. Avoid this film, don't give the makers any incentive to make similar movies again.Terrible. However, in order to post a review, it needs to be 10 lines long.So I will take the opportunity to tell you that in every scene is highly visible brand placement. Beyonce has a nice body, but she is not a movie star, or even a sympathetic screen presence as J-lo.The accents are all over the place.. The acting is lame and tired.Don't go. end of story I can see NO REASON (except money) for making Pink Panther movies after the sad demise of Peter Sellers - and this isn't even a good attempt at one... But isn't it OBVIOUS that it can't be good - if somebody had the GENIUS to make a movie as fun as the original panthers, then they'd probably also have the originality to make their own, new franchise - if you're desperate enough to revive another franchise, then you've already admitted that you're without any ideas of value, so it doesn't take a scientist to figure out that the result will be of a very low standard. I think it is a sad attempt at making money and I do wish that they'd abandon their current filming of a sequel to this rubbish, seeing as it's only tarnishing the otherwise magnificent career of Steve Martin - a comedian not in any way in the league of Peter Sellers, but still, under more amicable circumstances, a highly enjoyable actor whom I would wish I could have a better opinion of, despite this film! I used to love Steve Martin - that's why I saw this film. Remember his superb The Jerk, The Lonely Guy, The Man With Two Brains, The Two of Us, Roxanne.But this one - what a piece of flat, mindless stupidity. Bad script, bad acting, worse direction. The original Blake Edwards' films with Peter Sellers were funny (even if uneven). But this one is dreadful. Cringe city! Maybe if Martin had had a director who understood comedy and comic timing and setting up jokes and hey actually being funny, then it could have worked. How embarrassing to see Kevin Kline wasted, and as for Beyonce - what is that about??? The film left a really bad taste in my mouth. I imagine someone in Hollywood thought this was a good idea, but they were sadly, sadly mistaken. Steve Martin stopped being funny about the time he finished Dirty Rotten Scoundrels and this film may well represent the nadir of his career. Kevin Kline's accent is all over the map and he is clearly mailing in his performance for a paycheck and little else. I can honestly say I rarely feel sorry for an actor (they are getting paid, after all), but Jean Reno just looks flat-out embarrassed to be in this stinking pile of crap.Sadly, since this mess grossed more than $125 million world wide, we will probably have to endure a sequel... sigh. Hollywood is in very big trouble when half the films it churns out are remakes, sequels or movie adaptations of T.V. shows. Sadly, originality doesn't seem to be making money for Tinseltown; although that might partly be the fault of the skeptical paying audience who certainly don't do their part often enough. Unless the film is hyped to the moon (Brokeback Mountain, The Passion Of The Christ) these films bomb despite the rave reviews.What is worse, these remakes often rely on scatological/toilet humor and many lack any charm the original film or movie had. Most of these films are nothing but cash grabs by greedy actors.I thought that Blake Edwards would stop with The Pink Panther films once Peter Sellers died. He made 3 more; none of which were anything special but all of them were better than his ill-fated allowance of this putrid remake of the 1962 original. Instead of the classic humour of the Sellers original, we get flatulence, non-actors like Beyonce Knowles and a dumb script by Steve Martin and Len Blum. Martin should have done better than this; he has written some good films and could have made this in the vein of the classics but he decided to market it to 9 year-old boys.So despite a good cast (other than Beyonce), the story of Inspector Clouseau trying to solve the murder of the soccer coach is put on the back-burner in favor of shoving toilet humor and 1992-2006 ideas of "funny". When this is what you have to watch out for then this becomes a problem. I don't think anybody older than 9 will find anything of value in this remake. Stick with the originals and pray that they don't remake every Pink Panther film. I feel so sorry for Peter Sellers and seeing Hollywood remake his classic films. I have to suggest that this film is a total disrespect of the Pink Panther genre and all the guys involved in the original series. Does Steve Martin have to say yes to everything that he is offered, although, I notice that he had something to do with the screenplay so any criticism of him is warranted. His accent was diabolical,it was not funny in any context, Peter Sellers had the ability as Clouseau to make me roar with laughter just looking at him; whereas Martin just frustrates me. I suggest that any script that may have been used was written on toilet paper so that any evidence of it could be discarded within seconds. This film was just not funny in any way whatsoever; I sat there open mouthed and shame faced watching it; why Blake Edwards allowed his name to appear in the credits is beyond me. RIP Mr Sellers. This film is a disgrace to the reputation and the respect that the world has for Peter Sellers, Blake Edwards, and the original Pink Panther set of movies. Steve Martin acts like a complete idiot and doesn't know when to stop with the jokes. It's just not natural humor like Peter Sellers gave us. Instead, it's just stupidity. Second of all,The film shows a very modernistic view on the life of Inspector Clouseau. Beyonce's single in it completely makes someone wanna plug their ears and run for cover. As if Blake Edwards would've wanted some stupid pop music in a movie that was meant to be a tribute to his work. This film was most definitely the worst movie I have seen in the last 12 months (and that's including The Producers!). After shelling out £6.80 (USD 12.5) to watch this film, against my better judgement, I was sat wondering why I hadn't bothered to pay the same price for some pins to stick into my arm to liven the moment slightly.This film was billed as a comedy; I laughed twice. No, I chuckled faintly twice, acknowledging an attempt to create a mildly humorous situation. The film really felt as though it had been drained of life and laughter.I won't go into the storyline here, except to say that it was extremely weak, and looked as though it was trying to 'update' a typical Peter Sellers moment into the modern day, with the football match and the flashy cars. It failed to create even a weak sense of tension, and when watching I felt no sense of empathy with Inspector Clouseau, played embarrassingly badly by Steve Martin (not something I'd want on my record).It's a shame that this travesty of a motion picture shares the same name as some of the classic Peter Sellers comedies. Many remakes of old classics flop, but this film didn't even do that. It is pleasing to note that an image search for 'pink panther' and 'clouseau' show no traces of this instantly forgettable film. It belongs in the bargain bit at your local convenience store. Maybe I had to high expectations from this movie. Knowing that this will never be a Sellers movie still I might have hoped that Steve Martin could give life to the story. Steve has done great movies before and could have pulled it off.P. Sellers made Clouseau look more idiotic and lost then Steve did in which I find is the cornerstone for the character. Clouseau should be presented as a cynical genius who lives in his own world. Sometimes I found that the French accent that is a trade mark of Clouseau almost sounded German. Call me old school but I'm looking forward to dig out my collectors box of old Pink panther where I can enjoy an actor that can do his character so well that you almost think that he is stupid in real life. Why I think this film is awful. The main problem was casting --- Steve Martin is a talented comedian, and his comedic brilliance is best portrayed in "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, My Blue Heaven, LA Story, Father of the Bride, House Sitter, Sgt. Bilko and Bowfinger" - just to mention a few. Steve Martin is brilliant when portraying American characters, but was unforgivably cringe-worthy watching him attempt to speak English with a French accent and the mediocrity that was supposed to pass as slapstick, was all too painful to watch. The role of Inspector Clouseau's character performance-bar was previously raised by the late British actor Peter Sellers in "A Shot in the Dark" and "The Pink Panther" films. In my opinion Peter Sellers had set the benchmark on the character Clouseau with the accent, clumsy demeanour, body language and facial expressions.In my opinion, this film was a farce. I saw Zombieland the first movie. And it was fresh, funny, it moved along at a nice clip. It was fluffy entertainment. The characters were personable and made me care about them and made me root for them. I really enjoyed the original Zombieland movie. I saw it several times as a matter of fact.
BUT... Zombieland 2? What the heck happened? It's as if the characters are coasting on the success of the first. They don't even try to be interesting. They spend the entire first half doing nothing. It was dead space. Yeah, pun intended. Nothing happened. It was like the Seinfeld of the movie theater, the show about nothing, this was the movie about nothing... but unlike Seinfeld which was funny, Zombieland 2 was BORING.
The characters banter back and forth and back and forth and back and forth...Then they split up for the dumbest of reasons. It's as if they really didn't know what to do with themselves, so just split up and pretend like they don't mean anything to each other. Then suddenly oh, they do mean something to each other. Then more banter. Then a ditsy character joins in and she spends her time repeating herself. Yes, she's brainless. Okay. I got it. Please, stop beating me over the head with that!
I just think the writers had no idea what to do with these characters and just put them in a random pointless scenario just to tell the audience, "look! remember these funny characters? yeah, laugh at them for no reason." They all became so annoying that I actually walked out of the theater and asked for a refund, but they don't give refunds so I got a free ticket instead so I'm not too upset.
I was SO looking forward to this movie. I relished seeing the characters again. I wanted to laugh out loud and have a good time. Instead I yawned, I felt sleepy. I got bored out of my skull and I walked out.
Ugh. How did this movie end? Who cares? I was so looking forward to seeing this film, i was dissapointed in first scene, it was just tired joke after tired joke,i kept thinking.''oh it must get better'' but it just got worse, i wont put any spoilers, as the entire film is a spoiler,
There is no plot no reason for the film at all,the same two people laughed out loud at the lame teenage jokes, whilst rest of cinema was silent, and we all left quickly at end.
dont go and see this pile of excrement. i d give it zero stars if that was possible, how it can have so many good reviews i will never know,, Loved the first movie,expectations for this were high,thought it was absolute garbage,great stars damaging their reputations.came across as boring and the jokes were just to stupid to laugh at,if i watched this in the cinema i would of walked out 15mins in. Wow. I feel like someone took a shotgun to my head. I was a big fan of the first film, and after ten years to come up with a passable script this was nothing but a lazy copy and paste. Nothing was original, all the new cast was aggravating as hell, and my zombie-loving friend and I actually walked out of the theater towards the end. What a waste. A very weak movie. Save your money and don't watch it Too long to create between the two films. There is nothing new here. Same dry comedy that's set up miles before the punch line and visible for twice as many miles. It's just undeed and completely unnecessary 2 hours. Z Nation was infinately better in humor and story with a quarter the budget.
Skip it. Such a waste of time. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. No story, no real fun. I nodded off a few times. I cant believe anyone would give this a 10....maybe a child would. This movie didn't need to exist. The charm of the first one is not found here at all. Avoid at all costs. People left the cinema halfway through it was that bad, I probably should've joined them as well to be honest. Lazy script, lazy jokes, everyone is trying way too hard, too much story, not enough zombie No, this isn't what I was waiting for. Yes, it's funny and it has jokes in it. But it also feels like one of those sequels which exist only to make money on the first film. The writing felt little weird, zero character development, and it was unnecessary to have new addition to the cast, when it worked fine with just 4 + Murray.Columbus is Ohio now, Talahassee is grumpy old dad, Witchita is a witch, and Little Rock looks way too old for a 21 year old.I didn't have any big expectations from the film as such, yet I am disappointed. My first ever movie that I walked out of. Joke not funny and too forced. Characters are just meh. I login just to give it a 1 star. My adult kids were pretty jazzed about seeing this, they both went to sleep during the damn thing and I had to struggle to keep my eyes open as well. Boring, stupid, and lacking any creativity or humor. A total and complete waste of time. All this time and give us this absolute nonsense. Terrible storyline. Awful new characters. Not enough zombie kills. Very similar to Zombieland 1. Pathetic attempt. Just went to this movie and it was a total dissapointment.... I mean if there is at least a bit intelligence left in you this movie is a disgrace and a boredom fest. First of all there is nothing original in this cinematic masterpiece, not to mention a lack of good old zombie hack n slash action.... The jokes in this movie is unbelievable, well maybe if you are an 15 year old teen you might squeeze a laugh. The dialogs are beyond unbelievably stupid and boring not to mention that the storyline of the movie is super mediocore to put it mildly. It is just a mystery to me how someone can rate this movie more than 5 stars, i guess the idiocracy in this world is running rampant....
So all in all i really do not recommend wasting your money or your time, maybe even your iq level by watchin this movie... Or if you are really into lame sex jokes, lots of bad romance in a zombie movie, superb dialogs and want to witness like only 20 minutes of zombie killing action this gem of a movie is definetally for you.
RIP to real zombie movies... Couldn't even get past the first 10 minutes without wanting to turn it off. The movie was not funny, in fact, it was over the top trying too hard. The characters and the scenes are really boring and dry, not evolving or engaging and they lack life. The movie was really cringe worthy and unwatchable. What a piece of crap compared to the first movie which was original and funny. My gawd zombie dudes. All the actors in this and yeah this includes you Woody, and all the film crew should be thrown in a wide deep ditch and then let the zombies fall in and eat them all and then cover up the hole and pretend none of this ever happened. I'm so sick of zombies, saturation in over drive. Zombie movies should be outlawed. What an irritating little prick Eisenberg is in this movie (and most all of his others to tell the truth). Man I wanted to strangle that dude watching this movie. How boring can a zombie movie possibly be? None more than this one. This has to rank up there as one of the worst movies I've ever seen it's that bad. Of course here on IMDb, the idiots run in with scores of 10 for this movie. Surprise surprise. Some idiots come in here and hand out 10's like it's candy. Woody and Eisenberg should have turned into zombies and ate each other's brains at the end of this atrocious movie (with slow motion close ups) and have been done with it. I'm mad I even sat through this even with as much fast forwarding as I did. They should have paid me to watch this. If I knew then what I know now, I would have told Woody, "dude if you expect me to watch this garbage, how ever much money you made in this movie, I want half". There is no plot. Its just a bunch of jokes. Really boring bad jokes. This was truely terrible The most boring movie of 2019. Full of overacting..... The writers, producers and directors of this cringe-worthy abomination should be rounded up, arrested, and sentenced to 10 years in Pelican Bay. Unbelievably stupid, utterly incompetent writing and plot line, they seemed to have hired the least-talented, cheapest writers they could find, who obviously got nothing. The jokes go nowhere most of the time, rarely rising above the level of a cheap, stupid pun. Based on the drawing power of Woody Harrelson and the other cast, who do a decent job with the dreck they were handed, the thing had a budget of $42 million and grossed $121 million worldwide. The fact that the producers can make so much money while creating such utter sheet is why they get away with garbage like this. So cringe it makes you actually pray for a zombie apocalypse.What imbecile thought that just throwing in a couple of hammed up stereotypes would make a decent film.Absolute pile of excrement. Were you expecting to see any interesting content in here? There's none. Doesn't it feel disappointing? Yes. The same goes for this garbage movie. I mean, if you're as brainless as the zombies in this movie, then you'll like it. But let's face it, brainless people don't read the reviews before they watch a movie. I recommend you watch the first, then go see the second. Ok here, we go.The first was full of fresh nuance and really let Woody Harrelson show off
his comedic chops. I really enjoyed it. But there was one little thing about the
first that irritated me and I couldn't put my finger on what it was. Just leaving the theater, I knew there was an itch about the movie I couldn't scratch.Watching Zombieland: Double Tap, I now know what it was. The one note, monotone performance of Jesse Eisenberg. Eisenberg, who is famous, or infamous for playing the same person in every movie himself. Highly annoying, high functioning, rapid talking, autistic smart alec. The director of Double Tap really gave Jesse all the screen time in this, and it is just grating to watch.
Can't act, has no sense of humor. Every line comes off like a Dwight insult directed at Jim from The Office. No Originality. I am not a fan of If's and But's. If there had been another actor, like, say, Tom Holland, this movie would have been a 10 star pleasure to watch. Not the 1 star, Jesse Eisenberg Fest that it is. Skip it. Don't waste your time watching this , total waste of time and no story at all Life's too short to waste your time on this boring and facile sequel movie. 